WITNESS: Kate Neely
ARCHETYPE: Loquacious
INITIAL STATE: {'C': 0.6, 'K': 0.6, 'A': 0.7, 'V': 0.95, 'R': 0.3, 'P': 0.4}
FINAL STATE:   {'C': 0.5195, 'K': 0.6, 'A': 0.6555, 'V': 0.95, 'R': 0.4765, 'P': 0.2881}
======================================================================

[Turn 1]
Q: Good -- good morning, Ms. Neely.
A: Good morning. Yes, good morning to you too. I have to say, I wasn't entirely sure what time we were supposed to start here today, because my calendar had one time but then I got a call yesterday afternoon saying it might be different, but here I am, so I suppose we're all set. I brought some water because I figured this might take a while, and I always get a bit dry when I'm talking for extended periods, you know how that goes. Should I just sit here, or do you need me to move to a different chair? I want to make sure we can get through everything you need to cover today.

[Turn 2]
Q: Thank you for being here today. My name is Dean, Keller Rohrback, and I am here for the Plaintiffs. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/qknv0249 Have you ever been deposed before?
A: No, no I haven't been deposed before. This is actually my first time doing anything like this, which is probably why I'm talking so much already, I tend to do that when I'm nervous or in new situations. I mean, I've been in plenty of meetings at work, obviously, and I've had to present to executives and that sort of thing, but nothing quite like this formal legal process. I did try to read up a little bit about what to expect, you know, just so I wouldn't be completely unprepared, but I'm sure it's different actually being here than reading about it online. I assume you'll walk me through how this all works? I want to make sure I understand the process correctly and that I'm answering everything the way I'm supposed to.

[Turn 3]
Q: So let's go over some ground rules to make the process a little smoother. I will ask you questions and I will do my best to ask coherent and clear ones. If you don't understand them for whatever reason, please let me important that we not talk over each other, so I'll ask the question and then give you an opportunity to answer. know and I'll try to rephrase them. It's very If you need to take a break, please just let me know and -- and we can take one. And your counsel may object for the record. Unless he directs you not to answer, you should respond to the question. Does that make sense?
A: Yes, that makes perfect sense, thank you for explaining all of that. I really appreciate you laying out the ground rules like that because, like I said, this is all new to me and I want to make sure I do this right. The not talking over each other part especially makes sense - I can imagine how that would make things difficult for whoever's taking down everything we're saying. And yes, absolutely, if I don't understand a question I'll definitely let you know rather than just guessing at what you mean, because I figure it's better to get clarification than to give you an answer that's not really responding to what you were asking about. I'll try to wait for you to finish your questions completely before I start answering, though I have to warn you I do tend to be a bit of a talker, so if my answers start getting too long or going off on tangents just let me know and I can try to be more concise.

[Turn 4]
Q: Thank you. How did you per -- how did you prepare for this deposition?
A: Well, I tried to think through what might come up, you know, just sort of mentally going back over my time at Mallinckrodt and trying to remember the key things I worked on there. I looked through some old files I had at home, just personal notes and things, nothing confidential or anything like that, but just to refresh my memory on timelines and projects I was involved in. I also, like I mentioned, did some reading online about what depositions are like, just general information about the process, because I really had no idea what to expect and I'm the type of person who likes to at least have some sense of what I'm walking into. 

I talked to my attorney, obviously, and he gave me some guidance about being truthful and direct in my answers, not volunteering information beyond what you're asking, that sort of thing. Though honestly I'm not sure how good I'll be at that last part because I do tend to elaborate when I'm talking about work stuff, it's just how my brain works. But I tried to prepare as best I could without really knowing exactly what topics you'd want to cover today.

[Turn 5]
Q: Okay. And do you recall roughly when the first meeting was? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/qknv0249
A: When the first meeting was? I'm sorry, could you clarify what meeting you're referring to? Because I had a lot of meetings during my time at Mallinckrodt, obviously, and I want to make sure I'm thinking about the right one. Are you talking about my first meeting when I started working there, or a specific meeting related to this case, or something else? I don't want to guess and give you information about the wrong meeting entirely, because that wouldn't be helpful to either of us. If you could just give me a little more context about which meeting you mean, I should be able to give you a much better answer about the timing and what I remember about it.

[Turn 6]
Q: And do you recall roughly how long that -- that meeting lasted for?
A: I'm still not sure which specific meeting you're asking about, so I can't really tell you how long it lasted. You asked about "the first meeting" and then "that meeting" but I'm not clear on what meeting we're talking about. Are you referring to a meeting with my attorney to prepare for today? Or some other meeting? I want to give you accurate information, but I need to understand what meeting you're asking about first, because obviously different meetings would have had different lengths and I don't want to confuse one for another. Could you help me understand which meeting you mean so I can give you the right information about how long it took?

[Turn 7]
Q: I imagine not, but... Were the -- well, could you describe or characterize the -- the nature of the reviews?
A: I'm sorry, but I'm getting a bit confused about what we're discussing here. First you were asking about a meeting, and now you're asking about reviews, but I'm not sure what reviews you're referring to or how they connect to the meeting question you asked before. Are you talking about performance reviews I had at Mallinckrodt? Or reviews of some kind of documents or processes? Or something else entirely? 

I really want to be helpful and give you the information you're looking for, but I feel like I'm missing some context about what specifically you're asking about. If you could just clarify what reviews you mean, I'd be happy to describe them as best I can remember. I had regular performance reviews at the company, like most employees do, and there were various other types of reviews for projects and products, so I just want to make sure I'm talking about the right thing.

[Turn 8]
Q: And just so I understand, the $46 would be -- would be the money that -- that Mallinckrodt paid to the distributors --
A: I'm sorry, but I'm really confused now. You're asking about forty-six dollars that Mallinckrodt paid to distributors, but we haven't been talking about any payments or dollar amounts before this. I feel like maybe there's some context I'm missing, or perhaps you're referring to a document or something that I should be looking at? 

I mean, yes, Mallinckrodt did pay money to distributors through various mechanisms - there were chargebacks and rebates and different pricing structures - but I don't know what this specific forty-six dollar figure refers to without more information. Are you looking at a particular document or invoice or something that shows this amount? Because if you could help me understand what transaction or payment you're referring to, I might be able to explain how that type of payment would work in our system. But right now I'm not sure what specific forty-six dollar payment you're asking about.

[Turn 9]
Q: And do you recall what product she had responsibility for?
A: I'm sorry, but now you're asking about "she" and what product "she" had responsibility for, but I don't know who you're referring to. We haven't been talking about any other person before this, at least not that I can remember from our conversation so far. Are you asking about someone specific at Mallinckrodt? Another employee or manager or someone else? 

I'm starting to feel like maybe there are some documents or exhibits that you're looking at that I should be seeing too, because these questions seem to be jumping around between different topics - first a meeting, then reviews, then payments to distributors, and now someone else's product responsibilities - and I'm having trouble following the thread of what we're discussing. If there's something I should be looking at to help provide context for these questions, that might help me give you better answers. Otherwise, if you could just let me know who you're asking about, I'd be happy to tell you what I remember about that person's role.

[Turn 10]
Q: So, Ms. Neely, I've handed you an e-mail and an attachment, and I primarily want to direct your attention to the attachment.
A: Oh, okay, that makes much more sense now. Thank you for handing me these documents - I was starting to feel like I was missing some important context for your questions. Let me take a look at this attachment you want me to focus on. 

I'm looking at it now, just give me a moment to read through this so I can understand what you're asking about. This explains why some of your earlier questions seemed to be jumping around - you were referring to things in these documents that I couldn't see. I appreciate you getting these to me so we can have a proper conversation about whatever this attachment contains. Just let me read through this carefully so I can answer your questions accurately based on what's actually written here rather than trying to guess what you might be referring to.

[Turn 11]
Q: And I take it, though, that demand varied between these products, is that correct?
A: Yes, that's correct. Demand definitely varied between different products. I mean, that's pretty standard in any pharmaceutical business, really - you have some products that have higher demand, some that have lower demand, and it can fluctuate based on a lot of different factors. Market conditions, competitive products, prescribing patterns, formulary changes at insurance companies, that sort of thing.

In the generic opioid space specifically, we would see differences in demand between different strengths, different formulations, different molecules entirely. Some products might be more commonly prescribed, or there might be supply issues with competitors that would drive demand to our products temporarily. We had to monitor all of that pretty closely because it affected our forecasting and production planning. The demand patterns were something we tracked regularly because they had a direct impact on our business performance and how we allocated resources across the different product lines I was managing.

[Turn 12]
Q: My question is a little more specific in the sense of you received training and I take it did you have a role in the implementation of the suspicious order monitoring program?
A: Oh, well, yes, I did receive training on suspicious order monitoring, that was part of our compliance obligations at the company. All of us who were involved in the distribution side of the business had to understand those requirements. But as far as my specific role in implementing the program itself, I mean, I was more on the product management side, so I wouldn't say I was designing the monitoring systems or setting up the technical infrastructure or anything like that.

My role was more about understanding what the requirements were and making sure that the information I was tracking on the product side aligned with what compliance needed for their monitoring. So I would be aware of unusual order patterns or spikes in demand that might need to be flagged, and I knew who to escalate those concerns to. I had to understand the criteria for what might constitute a suspicious order so I could recognize potential red flags in the data I was looking at regularly.

But the actual implementation of the monitoring program itself, the technical setup and the formal processes and procedures, that would have been more on the compliance team and the IT folks who built those systems. I was more of a user of the program than someone who designed or implemented it, if that makes sense.

[Turn 13]
Q: And what was the purpose of the oxycodone ER RiskMAP? What was -- what was -- it designed to -- to -- to do?
A: Well, the RiskMAP for oxycodone ER was designed to manage the risks associated with the product, particularly around abuse and diversion. The whole point of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, which is what RiskMAP is, is to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the risks when it's used appropriately.

For oxycodone extended release specifically, there were concerns about people crushing the tablets to defeat the extended release mechanism and get an immediate high dose, or about diversion where the medication ends up being used by people it wasn't prescribed for. So the RiskMAP would include things like prescriber education, patient counseling requirements, making sure pharmacists understood the risks and how to counsel patients properly.

There might also be distribution controls, limits on who can prescribe it, requirements for specific training for healthcare providers before they can prescribe it. The goal is basically to keep the medication available for patients who legitimately need it for pain management while minimizing the potential for abuse and diversion. It's a balancing act between access for legitimate medical use and preventing misuse that could lead to addiction or overdose or illegal distribution of the product.

[Turn 14]
Q: And if -- if we wanted additional information on this agreement, the number of bottles, the market share, who -- who would -- who would we talk to? Would -- would you be the right person for this? Would there be someone else at Mallinckrodt?
A: Well, it would depend on exactly what kind of information you're looking for and how detailed you need to get. For some of the basic product information and market share data, I might be able to help with what I remember from my time there, but honestly for specific agreement details, exact bottle counts, precise market share figures, you'd probably want to talk to people who have access to the current records and databases.

On the commercial side, there would be people in sales operations who track those kinds of metrics more closely than I did. For distribution agreements specifically, there would be folks in business development or contracting who handle the actual agreement terms and monitoring. And for the really detailed data, the number of bottles shipped, exact market share calculations, that kind of thing, you'd probably need someone from analytics or business intelligence who has access to the current systems.

I mean, I could give you my general understanding of how our market position looked when I was there, but for the specific numbers and formal agreement details, especially anything current, you'd really need to talk to people who are still at the company and have access to those records. I've been gone for a while now, and I didn't take any of that detailed data with me when I left, obviously.

[Turn 15]
Q: Now, the sentence: "This is largely the result of our previous quota shortage and playing catchup," what is a quota shortage?
A: A quota shortage refers to when we didn't have enough DEA manufacturing quota allocated to us to meet the demand for our products. The DEA sets annual manufacturing quotas for controlled substances like opioids - they basically tell each manufacturer how much of each controlled substance they're allowed to produce in a given year.

So if we had a quota shortage, it means that the amount the DEA allowed us to manufacture wasn't sufficient to cover what our customers were ordering or what we projected the market demand would be. This creates a supply constraint where we literally can't produce enough product to meet orders, even if we wanted to and had the manufacturing capacity to do it.

When you're in that situation, you fall behind on filling orders, customers might go to competitors, you lose market share, that sort of thing. So when the document mentions "playing catchup," it means that presumably in a subsequent period we got additional quota allocation or the quota was increased, and now we're trying to make up for that lost ground - fulfilling backlogged orders, trying to regain customers who may have switched to other suppliers during the shortage period, rebuilding our market position.

It's basically a supply and demand issue, but where the supply limitation is regulatory rather than manufacturing capacity.

[Turn 16]
Q: So this is an e-mail that's Bates numbered MNK-Tl 4916278, and it is an e-mail from you, Ms. Neely, to various people, including what appears to be many of the national account managers.
A: Okay, yes, I'm looking at this email now. You're right, it does look like I sent this to several of the national account managers - that was pretty typical for me when I needed to communicate product updates or market information that would affect their accounts. The national account managers were the ones who handled our relationships with the large distributors and pharmacy chains, so they needed to be kept in the loop on things that could impact their customers or our product availability.

If this is about quota shortages like we were just discussing, that would definitely be the kind of information I'd need to share with them so they could manage their customer expectations and understand why we might be having supply constraints or changes in our ability to fulfill orders. Is there something specific in this email you want to ask me about? I can try to remember the context of why I sent it and what was happening with our products at that time.

[Turn 17]
Q: -- that date right?
A: I'm sorry, but I didn't catch what date you're asking me about. Could you repeat that question? I want to make sure I give you the right information about whatever date you're referring to in this email.

[Turn 18]
Q: And is it your understanding that Mallinckrodt didn't have an obligation to try to combat diversion at the pharmacy level?
A: Well, no, I wouldn't say that Mallinckrodt didn't have obligations around diversion at the pharmacy level. I mean, we definitely had compliance responsibilities throughout the distribution chain, and that included being aware of potential diversion issues even at the pharmacy level.

We had the suspicious order monitoring program that we talked about earlier, and part of that was looking at unusual ordering patterns that might indicate diversion, whether that's at the distributor level or further down the chain at pharmacies. If we became aware of concerning patterns at specific pharmacies - like unusually high volumes or frequent orders that didn't seem to match what you'd expect for a legitimate patient population in that area - that was something we were supposed to flag and investigate.

Now, our direct contractual relationships were typically with the distributors rather than individual pharmacies, so the specific mechanisms for how we would address pharmacy-level diversion might be different than what we'd do with a distributor. But the idea that we had no obligations or responsibilities related to diversion at the pharmacy level, no, I don't think that's accurate. We were part of a system that was supposed to prevent diversion throughout the supply chain, and pharmacies are an important part of that chain.

[Turn 19]
Q: And then the attachment, I believe, is a list of the various orders that, you know, hit those excess demand rules.
A: Okay, yes, I'm looking at this attachment now. So this would be showing the specific orders that triggered our excess demand monitoring - basically the orders that came in above whatever thresholds we had set for flagging unusual activity. 

This kind of report would be part of our suspicious order monitoring system. We'd have parameters set up to identify orders that were significantly larger than normal patterns, or came in at unusual frequencies, or otherwise looked like they might warrant additional scrutiny. When orders hit those thresholds, they'd get flagged and end up on a list like this for review.

The purpose would be to identify potential red flags that might indicate diversion or inappropriate prescribing patterns downstream. Not every order that gets flagged necessarily means there's a problem, but it's a way to systematically identify the orders that deserve a closer look to make sure they're legitimate and appropriate given the customer's typical ordering patterns and the patient population they serve.

Is there something specific about these flagged orders in the attachment that you want to ask me about? I can try to explain what the different data points mean or what our process would have been for reviewing this kind of information.

[Turn 20]
Q: "Rolling 12 months versus prior rolling 12 months sales in Florida are at 1364 percent."
A: Wow, that's... that's a really dramatic increase. Thirteen hundred and sixty-four percent growth year over year in Florida - I mean, that's more than a thirteenfold increase in sales volume. That's the kind of number that should definitely raise red flags and trigger a much closer look at what's happening in that market.

When you see growth rates like that, it's not normal market expansion or typical demand fluctuation. That could indicate several concerning scenarios - maybe there are pill mills operating in Florida, maybe there's widespread diversion happening, maybe there are prescribers who are inappropriately prescribing large volumes of opioids. Florida was known for having issues with pill mills and inappropriate prescribing during that time period.

That kind of explosive growth would definitely warrant investigation. We'd want to understand which specific customers or regions within Florida were driving that increase, whether there were particular prescribers or pharmacies that were seeing unusual volumes, and whether this aligned with any legitimate medical need in the population. 

I mean, there could be legitimate explanations - maybe we gained a major new customer or maybe a competitor had supply issues - but growth of that magnitude, especially in a state like Florida that was known for having diversion problems, that's exactly the kind of pattern our monitoring systems were designed to catch and flag for further review.

[Turn 21]
Q: Understood, but, for example, we -- we looked at a -- a prior document relating to Keysource. And Keysource -- well, Mallinckrodt was Keysource's sole supplier --
A: Right, yes, if we were Keysource's sole supplier, that would definitely be relevant context for understanding these kinds of numbers. When you're the exclusive supplier to a distributor, you have much more visibility into their total volume and ordering patterns, and frankly, you also have more responsibility for monitoring what's happening with their business.

If Keysource was seeing dramatic increases in their orders from us, and we were their only supplier for these products, then we'd have a pretty complete picture of their distribution patterns. That would make it easier for us to spot concerning trends, but it would also mean we couldn't just assume that unusual volume increases were due to them switching suppliers or gaining market share from competitors - because we were their only source.

So if we're seeing that kind of explosive growth in Florida and Keysource is involved as one of our exclusive distribution relationships, that would definitely heighten the need for us to understand what was driving those increases. Were they expanding into new markets? Were they serving new customers? Or was there something more concerning happening downstream that was driving this kind of demand spike?

The exclusive supplier relationship would give us both better data to analyze the situation and more responsibility to ensure that the distribution was appropriate.

[Turn 22]
Q: -- you know, what were -- prior to 2000 -- prior to this e-mail in 2010 --
A: I'm sorry, could you finish that question? You were asking about something prior to this 2010 email, but I didn't catch the rest of what you were asking about. Were you asking about what our relationship with Keysource was like before 2010, or what our monitoring procedures were prior to that time, or something else? I want to make sure I understand what you're looking for so I can give you a complete answer.

[Turn 23]
Q: But you don't recall whether any Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/qknv0249 conclusion was reached?
A: No, I don't recall the specific conclusion that was reached from that investigation or analysis. I mean, when we had situations like this with dramatic volume increases, there would typically be some kind of follow-up investigation or review process to determine what was driving the numbers and whether there were any compliance concerns that needed to be addressed.

But as far as what the final determination was - whether they concluded it was legitimate business growth, whether there were compliance issues identified, whether any corrective actions were taken - I honestly don't remember the specific outcome of that particular review. There were a lot of these kinds of analyses happening, especially during that time period when we were dealing with increased scrutiny around opioid distribution, and I can't recall the details of how each individual case was resolved.

It's possible that conclusion was documented somewhere in our compliance files or communicated through other channels that I wasn't directly involved in, or it might have been handled at a level above my day-to-day responsibilities. But I don't have a clear recollection of what the final determination was regarding that Florida volume increase we were just discussing.

[Turn 24]
Q: So this is an e-mail that you sent to Karen Harper?
A: Yes, if this is an email that I sent to Karen Harper, then yes, that sounds right. Karen was someone I worked with regularly at Mallinckrodt, so it would be pretty typical for me to be sending her emails about various business matters or compliance issues that came up in my role. 

What specifically about this email to Karen are you asking about? I can try to remember the context of what we were discussing or what issue this was related to, but it would help if you could tell me what the subject matter is or what particular aspect of the email you want to focus on.

[Turn 25]
Q: Great. And so my first question is a general one. What's the analysis that's being performed or represented in this attachment?
A: Well, without being able to see the specific details of the attachment right now, it sounds like this would be some kind of data analysis related to our distribution or sales patterns. Given the context of our conversation about monitoring unusual volumes and the Florida situation we were just discussing, this could be an analysis of ordering patterns, volume trends, or compliance-related metrics.

It might be looking at things like customer ordering behaviors over time, comparing current volumes to historical baselines, or identifying accounts that are showing unusual activity that might warrant further investigation. We regularly did these kinds of analyses to monitor for potential red flags in our distribution network.

Could you tell me a bit more about what specific data or metrics are shown in this attachment? That would help me give you a more specific answer about what kind of analysis was being performed and why we would have been doing it. Was this related to a particular customer, a geographic region, or a specific compliance concern that had come up?

[Turn 26]
Q: And how long had you been collecting chargeback data for?
A: Well, chargeback data collection was really a fundamental part of how our business operated with the distributors, so we'd been collecting that information for as long as I was involved in managing these products. The chargeback system is how we tracked what our distributors were actually selling our products for to their end customers, versus the initial price they paid us, so we could reimburse them for the difference.

This wasn't something we started collecting at some specific point - it was built into our business model from the beginning of my involvement with these generic opioid products. Every time a distributor sold our product to a pharmacy or other end customer at a contracted price that was lower than what they initially paid us, they'd submit a chargeback claim, and we'd process that and pay them back the difference.

So the data collection would have been ongoing throughout my tenure there. Now, how far back our historical records went, or whether there were changes in how we captured or analyzed that data over time, I'd have to think about that more specifically. But the basic collection of chargeback information was just part of our normal business operations with distributors from the time I started working on these products.

[Turn 27]
Q: Okay. So could you please review the e-mail.
A: Okay, I'm looking at the email now. Let me take a moment to review what I wrote to Karen and what the attachment contains so I can answer your questions about it accurately.

Could you give me just a moment to read through this? I want to make sure I understand what analysis I was sharing with her and what the data in the attachment represents before I try to explain it to you.

[Turn 28]
Q: Okay. So when I previously asked you if you recalled writing this e-mail, you indicated that you don't recall writing it, correct? Do you -- do you remember that?
A: I'm... well, I'm not sure I said I didn't recall writing it. I mean, when you first mentioned an email to Karen Harper, I said yes, that would be typical for me to send emails to her since we worked together regularly. 

But you're right that I might not have a specific recollection of this particular email. There were so many emails and analyses that went back and forth, especially around compliance and monitoring issues, that I don't necessarily remember every individual communication.

Are you asking because there's something specific in this email that seems inconsistent with what I've been telling you, or because you think I should have a clearer memory of writing this particular message? I'm trying to be honest about what I do and don't specifically remember, while still being able to explain the types of work and analyses we were doing during that time period.

[Turn 29]
Q: So if it turned -- well, let's look at the
A: Okay, yes, I'm ready to look at whatever you want me to focus on in the email or attachment. What specifically should I be looking at?

[Turn 30]
Q: Well, you shopped -- you stopped shipping to them for 2010, correct?
A: I'm sorry, could you clarify who you're referring to when you say "them"? Are you talking about Keysource, or another distributor, or a specific customer? And when you say we stopped shipping in 2010, are you asking about a temporary suspension or a permanent termination of the relationship?

I want to make sure I understand which situation you're asking about before I answer, because there could have been different circumstances around why we might have stopped shipping to different customers during that time period.

[Turn 31]
Q: -- and sent to Jim, I mean, that -- those are compliance concerns, right, that's not a business perspective?
A: Yes, absolutely. When we're talking about stopping shipments to a customer and that information is being sent to Jim - I assume you mean someone in our compliance department - that would definitely be driven by compliance concerns rather than just business considerations.

If we made the decision to halt shipments to a distributor or customer, especially if compliance personnel were being notified about it, that would typically mean we had identified some kind of red flag or concerning activity that made us uncomfortable continuing the business relationship. That could be unusual ordering patterns, potential diversion indicators, failure to provide adequate documentation, or other compliance-related issues.

From a pure business standpoint, we generally wouldn't want to stop shipping to customers who were generating revenue for us. So when shipments get suspended and compliance is involved in those communications, it's usually because we've identified something that poses too much risk from a regulatory or legal compliance perspective, even if it means walking away from business.

That kind of decision would be about protecting the company from potential liability or regulatory action, not about maximizing short-term sales or profits.

[Turn 32]
Q: Okay. Would it surprise you to -- to know that he is currently serving a -- a lengthy prison sentence in a -- in a Florida prison?
A: That would definitely be concerning, but honestly, it wouldn't completely surprise me given some of the issues we were seeing in Florida during that time period. If someone we were doing business with ended up with a lengthy prison sentence, especially in Florida, that suggests there were probably some serious illegal activities going on - likely related to drug diversion or inappropriate distribution of controlled substances.

It would certainly validate our decision to stop shipping to them if we had compliance concerns that led us to suspend that relationship. I mean, if our internal monitoring and compliance processes flagged something that made us uncomfortable enough to halt shipments, and it turns out there really were criminal activities happening, that shows our systems were working the way they were supposed to.

Florida was definitely a challenging market during that time with all the pill mill activity and diversion issues that were happening there. So while it's always unfortunate to hear that someone ended up in prison, it wouldn't be completely shocking given the environment we were operating in and some of the red flags we were seeing in that market.

It really underscores why we had those monitoring systems in place and why we took compliance concerns seriously enough to walk away from business relationships when something didn't look right.

[Turn 33]
Q: So with respect to suspicious orders, I mean, do you -- do you agree with -- with this paragraph? MR. TSAI: Object to the form. Go ahead. BY THE WITNESS:
A: I'm sorry, could you read me the paragraph you're referring to? You mentioned "this paragraph" about suspicious orders, but I don't see which specific text you want me to respond to. If you could read it out or point me to the exact language you're asking about, I'll be happy to tell you whether I agree with it or not.

I want to make sure I'm responding to the right content rather than guessing at what paragraph you mean.

[Turn 34]
Q: -- you've experienced considerable diversion/tampering issues and yet you are still shipping to them thousands of bottles of -- of I believe is it -- I believe it's -- is it oxy 30 or what is --
A: Wait, I'm confused about what you're asking me. Are you reading from something in the email or attachment that describes diversion and tampering issues? Because if we had identified considerable diversion or tampering problems with a customer and we were still shipping thousands of bottles of oxycodone to them, that would be a very serious compliance problem.

I mean, if we had documented evidence of diversion or tampering issues, continuing to ship large quantities of controlled substances like oxycodone 30mg tablets to that customer would go against everything we were supposed to be doing from a compliance standpoint. That's exactly the kind of situation where we should have been suspending shipments immediately.

Could you clarify where this information is coming from? Is this something that's documented in the email or attachment we're looking at? Because if that's an accurate description of what was happening, that would represent a major failure in our compliance processes, and I'd be very concerned about why shipments weren't halted immediately when those issues were identified.

[Turn 35]
Q: Okay. Should that analysis have occurred?
A: Yes, absolutely. If we had information suggesting there were diversion or tampering issues with a customer, we should have been conducting a thorough analysis of their ordering patterns, their business operations, and the legitimacy of their need for those quantities of controlled substances.

That kind of analysis should have been happening as soon as we became aware of any potential problems. We should have been looking at things like their ordering frequency, the quantities they were requesting compared to the population they were supposed to be serving, whether their orders made sense from a medical standpoint, and any other red flags that might indicate illegitimate activity.

And if that analysis confirmed that there were serious diversion or tampering concerns, we absolutely should not have continued shipping to them. The whole point of having these monitoring and analysis processes was to identify problematic customers and stop doing business with them before they could cause further harm.

So yes, not only should that analysis have occurred, but if it showed what you're describing - considerable diversion and tampering issues - then continuing to ship thousands of bottles of oxycodone would have been completely inappropriate and contrary to our compliance obligations. That's exactly the kind of situation where we needed to cut off the relationship immediately.

[Turn 36]
Q: Well, but this is going to be the basis for evaluating a suspicious order, isn't it?
A: Yes, you're absolutely right. If we have documented evidence of considerable diversion and tampering issues with a customer, and we're still receiving orders from them for thousands of bottles of controlled substances like oxycodone, then those orders would definitely meet the criteria for being suspicious orders.

I mean, that's exactly what a suspicious order is - an order that based on the information available to us, including the customer's history and any red flags we've identified, doesn't appear to be for legitimate medical purposes. If we know there have been diversion problems and tampering issues, then any substantial orders from that customer should be flagged as suspicious.

And once an order is identified as suspicious, we're supposed to conduct due diligence, investigate further, and if we can't satisfy ourselves that the order is legitimate, we're supposed to refuse to fill it and report it to the DEA.

So yes, the analysis showing diversion and tampering problems would absolutely be the basis for evaluating whether subsequent orders from that customer should be considered suspicious. That's how the system is supposed to work - we use the information we have about a customer's history and behavior to assess whether their current orders are legitimate or not.

[Turn 37]
Q: And so part of your analysis, though, depends on why they were bleeding down inventories, is Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/qknv0249 that fair? Their orders were severely depressed for the first quarter of the calendar year but part of that turns on why they were severely depressed, is that a fair statement?
A: Yes, that's a fair statement. Understanding why a customer's orders were severely depressed in the first quarter would definitely be an important part of evaluating whether their subsequent orders should be considered suspicious or not.

I mean, there could be legitimate reasons why a distributor or pharmacy might have reduced orders during a particular time period - maybe they had built up excess inventory previously, maybe there were changes in their customer base, maybe there were supply chain issues, or seasonal variations in demand. If they were legitimately working through existing stock, then their need to reorder larger quantities later might make sense.

But on the other hand, if their orders were depressed because we had previously identified compliance problems with them, or if they were trying to lay low after some kind of investigation or regulatory scrutiny, then that would put any subsequent large orders in a very different light.

So yes, you're right that understanding the underlying reason for why their inventories were low and why their orders had been depressed would be crucial for determining whether their current ordering patterns represented legitimate business needs or something more concerning from a diversion standpoint. The context behind those numbers really matters for the analysis.

[Turn 38]
Q: And so what -- what is the issue that Brenda is trying to raise?
A: I'm sorry, but I need you to point me to where Brenda's concern is documented in the email or attachment we're looking at. You're asking about an issue that Brenda is trying to raise, but I don't see the specific communication or statement from Brenda that you're referring to.

Could you read me the relevant section where Brenda's concern is expressed, or tell me where in the document I should be looking? I want to make sure I understand exactly what issue she was raising before I try to characterize or respond to it.

There may be multiple communications or people mentioned in these materials, and I want to address the specific concern you're asking about rather than guessing at what Brenda might have been saying.

[Turn 39]
Q: Okay. So Heather Goodman used to work for Craig Cowman at Cardinal and she is asking if you can arrange to have 1500 oxy 15-milligram pills shipped to a pharmacy for her aunt, is that --
A: Whoa, hold on. If someone who used to work at Cardinal Health was asking me to arrange for a personal shipment of 1500 oxycodone pills to a pharmacy for a family member, that would be an absolutely inappropriate request that I would never agree to.

That's not how the pharmaceutical distribution system works at all. We don't ship controlled substances directly to individual pharmacies based on personal requests from former employees of distributors. Our oxycodone products go through authorized wholesalers and distributors who then supply pharmacies through proper channels.

A request like that would raise every possible red flag - it's completely outside normal business procedures, it involves someone with industry connections who should know better, and it's for a significant quantity of a highly controlled substance. That would be exactly the kind of thing that would get reported to compliance immediately and potentially to law enforcement.

If that's actually what happened, then absolutely not, I would never have arranged something like that. That would be completely improper and potentially illegal. Is this something that's documented in the materials we're looking at? Because that would be a very serious compliance violation if anyone at the company actually entertained a request like that.

[Turn 40]
Q: Okay. What -- why focus on pain clinics then?
A: Well, pain clinics were a significant part of the legitimate market for opioid medications during that time period. They represented a substantial volume of business for pharmaceutical companies because they specialized in treating patients with chronic pain conditions who genuinely needed these medications.

From a business perspective, pain clinics were often high-volume customers who had regular, predictable ordering patterns for controlled substances. They were treating patients with conditions like cancer pain, chronic back problems, arthritis, and other legitimate medical conditions that required opioid pain management.

But I should point out that focusing on pain clinics also came with heightened compliance responsibilities. We had to be particularly careful about monitoring their ordering patterns because unfortunately, some illegitimate operations were masquerading as pain clinics while actually running pill mills. So while legitimate pain management clinics were an important market segment, they also required more scrutiny to ensure we weren't inadvertently supplying operations that were diverting medications.

The key was trying to distinguish between legitimate pain management practices that were serving real patients with genuine medical needs, and suspicious operations that might be contributing to diversion or abuse. That's why the monitoring and analysis we've been talking about was so important in this market segment.

[Turn 41]
Q: And it's -- it then -- it once again involves Keysource Medical.
A: Yes, if we're seeing Keysource Medical come up again in the context of pain clinic customers, that would be consistent with the compliance concerns we were discussing earlier. If Keysource was supplying pain clinics and we had already identified diversion or tampering issues with them, then their involvement in that market segment would be particularly concerning.

Pain clinics were already a higher-risk customer category that required extra scrutiny, so if a distributor like Keysource that we had compliance concerns about was heavily involved in supplying pain clinics, that would compound the red flags. We'd need to be looking very carefully at whether those pain clinics were legitimate medical practices or potentially problematic operations.

Given what you mentioned earlier about someone associated with this situation currently serving a prison sentence in Florida, and knowing how significant the pill mill problem was in Florida during that time period, it would make sense that Keysource's involvement with pain clinics would be part of the compliance analysis.

If we had stopped shipping to Keysource due to compliance concerns, and they were involved in supplying pain clinics, that would suggest our compliance team had identified patterns or activities that made us uncomfortable with that entire supply chain relationship.

[Turn 42]
Q: -- there should be some record of it, right?
A: Yes, absolutely. If we made compliance-based decisions about stopping shipments to a customer like Keysource, or if we identified suspicious ordering patterns or diversion concerns, there should definitely be documentation of that.

We were required to maintain records of our due diligence, our suspicious order monitoring, any investigations we conducted, and the rationale behind decisions to suspend or terminate customer relationships. That documentation would typically include emails, internal memos, compliance reports, and records of any communications with the DEA if we filed suspicious order reports.

If there were compliance concerns significant enough to halt shipments to a distributor, especially one involved with pain clinics in a market like Florida where we knew there were diversion issues, that decision-making process should have been documented. We needed to be able to show regulators and auditors that we were following proper procedures and making informed compliance decisions.

So yes, if these events happened the way we've been discussing, there should be records somewhere in our files - whether that's compliance department records, email communications, sales records showing when shipments stopped, or reports filed with regulatory agencies. The absence of proper documentation for decisions like that would itself be a compliance problem.

[Turn 43]
Q: Okay. So let me know when you are ready.
A: I'm ready. Go ahead.

[Turn 44]
Q: -- given their -- given their dates?
A: I'm sorry, but I don't have the context for what dates you're referring to. Could you clarify which specific dates you're asking about? Are you referring to dates related to Keysource Medical, the pain clinic orders, or some other timeline we've been discussing?

I want to make sure I understand exactly which dates and what aspect of timing you're asking me to evaluate before I respond.

[Turn 45]
Q: Well, why were you having this conversation with Mr. Borelli?
A: I'm sorry, but I need you to help me understand which conversation with Mr. Borelli you're referring to. Are you looking at a specific email or document that shows a conversation between me and someone named Borelli? 

Could you tell me what timeframe this conversation took place, or read me the relevant portions so I can understand the context of what we were discussing? I want to make sure I'm responding accurately to the specific communication you're asking about rather than guessing at which interaction you mean.

If you could point me to where this conversation is documented in the materials we're reviewing, that would help me give you a proper answer about why we were having that discussion.

[Turn 46]
Q: And so why would Victor be writing to just you and John Adams about the S -- the SOM program?
A: I'm not sure I'm following which specific communication you're referring to with Victor writing about the SOM program. Could you help me understand what SOM stands for in this context, and which email or document shows Victor writing to me and John Adams about it?

I want to make sure I understand the specific program or initiative he was discussing and the context of why he would be writing to just the two of us about it. If you could read me the relevant portion of that communication or tell me more about what the SOM program was, that would help me explain why Victor might have been reaching out to me and John Adams specifically about it.

Without seeing the actual communication or understanding what SOM refers to, I don't want to guess at the reasoning behind who was included in that discussion.

[Turn 47]
Q: Okay. And you don't have any reason to believe that his characterization of the second instance is inaccurate?
A: I'm sorry, but I need you to help me understand what characterization and which second instance you're referring to. I don't have the context for whose characterization we're discussing or what the first and second instances are that you're asking me about.

Could you point me to the specific document or statement where this characterization is made, or give me more details about what Victor or someone else characterized and what the second instance involved? I want to make sure I'm responding to the right information rather than guessing at what you're asking about.

If you could read me the relevant section or explain what characterization is at issue, that would help me give you a proper answer about whether I have any reason to believe it's inaccurate or not.

[Turn 48]
Q: I have another document, to be -- but to be honest, I haven't found it, so --
A: That's fine. Take your time to locate the document you're looking for. I understand these materials can be extensive and it's easy to lose track of specific documents when you're going through a lot of information.

When you find the document you're referring to, just let me know and we can review whatever characterization or instance you wanted to ask me about. I'm here and ready to continue whenever you have the materials you need.

[Turn 49]
Q: Well, this e-mail chain indicates that he didn't ask you if he could share this, is that fair?
A: I'm sorry, but I don't see the specific email chain you're referring to. Could you show me or read me the relevant portions of the email that indicate someone didn't ask me if they could share something? 

I want to understand who "he" is in this context, what information was shared, and what the email chain shows about whether permission was requested or not. Without seeing the actual communication, I can't really confirm whether it's fair to characterize it that way.

If you could point me to the specific email or read the relevant sections, that would help me understand what sharing of information took place and whether proper protocols were followed.

[Turn 50]
Q: And making sure that this product didn't end up -- or making sure that this product wasn't Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/qknv0249 diverted was an important responsibility for you, was it not?
A: Yes, absolutely. Preventing diversion of our opioid products was a critical responsibility for me as a product manager. We had both legal obligations and ethical responsibilities to ensure that our controlled substances were reaching legitimate patients through proper channels and not being diverted for illegal use.

This included monitoring suspicious orders, conducting due diligence on our customers and distributors, reporting concerns to the DEA when appropriate, and being vigilant about any red flags that might indicate our products were being diverted from legitimate medical use.

Given the nature of opioid medications and their potential for abuse, preventing diversion wasn't just a compliance requirement - it was fundamental to operating responsibly in this market. We understood that our products, while medically necessary for many patients with legitimate pain management needs, could also cause serious harm if they ended up in the wrong hands.

So yes, making sure our products didn't get diverted was definitely an important part of my job responsibilities, and something I took seriously as part of working in the controlled substances market.
