WITNESS: Tiffany Kilper
ARCHETYPE: Forgetful
INITIAL STATE: {'C': 0.4, 'K': 0.5, 'A': 0.6, 'V': 0.4, 'R': 0.3, 'P': 0.3}
FINAL STATE:   {'C': 0.3464, 'K': 0.5, 'A': 0.5776, 'V': 0.4, 'R': 0.4765, 'P': 0.216}
======================================================================

[Turn 1]
Q: Good morning, Ms. Rowley-Kilper. Could you please state and spell your full name for the record?
A: It's... it's Kilper. Tiffany Kilper. T-I-F-F-A-N-Y, K-I-L-P-E-R. I used to go by Rowley but that was... that was my maiden name. I've been Kilper since I got married.

[Turn 2]
Q: Okay, great. And Ms. Kilper, you understand you're under oath today?
A: Yes, I understand. I'm under oath. I know that means I have to tell the truth and... and I will. I mean, I am. I'm going to tell the truth.

[Turn 3]
Q: Are you taking any medication or is there any reason that would prevent you from answering every question truthfully today?
A: No, no medication. Nothing like that. I'm... I'm fine. I can answer questions. I mean, it's been a long time since I worked there, so I might not remember every little detail perfectly, but I'll do my best to be truthful about what I do remember.

[Turn 4]
Q: Have you ever been deposed before?
A: No. No, I haven't. This is... this is my first time doing anything like this. I mean, I've never been involved in any kind of legal proceeding before. So this is all new to me.

[Turn 5]
Q: So just a few ground rules, mostly so we can help the court reporter. We don't want tc talk over each other. He'll be recording every word that we say, so for the sake of having a clear record we don't want to speak at the same time. So if you wait for me to finish asking a question before answering, I will wait for you to finish answering before asking another question.
A: Okay, yes. I understand. Wait for you to finish the question before I answer, and you'll wait for me to finish before asking the next one. That makes sense. I can do that.

[Turn 6]
Q: And then when you answer a question, you need to answer it verbally rather than uh-huh or nodding, shaking head.
A: Right, yes. I need to say yes or no, not just nod or shake my head. I understand. I'll make sure to give verbal answers so it's clear on the record.

[Turn 7]
Q: Okay. Great. When you were at Mallinckrodt, did you use your personal e-mail for Mallinckrodt business ever?
A: I... well, sometimes. Not regularly, but there were occasions when I might have used my personal email. Like if I was working from home or if there was an urgent matter and I needed to send something quickly. But it wasn't something I did all the time. Most of my work communications were through the company email system.

[Turn 8]
Q: Let's see. Are you being reimbursed at all for your time here today?
A: I... no. No, I'm not being paid for my time. My attorney's fees are being covered, but I'm not getting any money for being here today or for the time I'm spending on this.

[Turn 9]
Q: For the record, this is Bates-numbered ending in 8005956. This is a performance evaluation from October 2002. I have a question about just one part of it. On Page 4, in the box that says expected result, it says become more exposed to the chargeback group and their importance and functions in the department. Can you explain that to me, please? MR. DAVISON: Objection. Form.
A: I... well, this was early in my time there, 2002. The chargeback group was really important to the company's operations and I was still learning about how everything worked. I think what this means is that they wanted me to understand better how the chargeback process worked and why it was so critical to the business. The chargebacks were a big part of how we managed our relationships with distributors and made sure we were getting proper reimbursements. So I needed to learn more about that function and how it all fit together.

[Turn 10]
Q: So I have some general questions. What is a chargeback? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form.
A: A chargeback is... well, it's when a distributor sells a product to a customer at a lower price than what they paid us for it, and then they come back to us for reimbursement of that difference. So if we sold a product to a distributor for ten dollars, but they had a contract that let them sell it to a hospital for eight dollars, they would submit a chargeback to us for that two dollar difference. We would then reimburse them so they didn't lose money on the sale. It's how we honored the pricing contracts we had with end customers even though we sold through distributors.

[Turn 11]
Q: That's fine. How about the term suspicious order? Are you familiar with that term?
A: Yes, I'm familiar with that term. A suspicious order would be... well, it would be an order that didn't look normal or raised red flags for some reason. Like if a customer suddenly ordered way more than they usually did, or if the order pattern seemed unusual compared to their typical business. There were guidelines about what to look for that might indicate something wasn't right with an order.

[Turn 12]
Q: So this is an e-mail forward from Sue
A: I'm sorry, could you... could you show me the email? I can't see what you're referring to. If you're asking me about a specific email, I need to be able to look at it to answer your question properly.

[Turn 13]
Q: Sure. Were there customers in Mallinckrodt's supply chain that were not legitimate end customers to your knowledge? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form.
A: Well, there were... there were concerns sometimes about whether certain customers were legitimate. I mean, we had processes in place to try to validate customers and make sure they were actual end users and not just... not just people who were buying to resell or divert the products. But it wasn't always easy to tell, and sometimes there were questions about whether a customer was really using the products for legitimate medical purposes or if they were doing something else with them.

[Turn 14]
Q: So as you were explaining before, the chargeback department was separate from your contract administration department; correct?
A: Well, not exactly separate. I mean, they were different functions, but I worked with both areas. I started more in contract administration, but then I got involved with chargeback operations too. They were related because the chargebacks were tied to the contracts we had with customers. So there was overlap and I worked across both areas, especially as I took on more responsibilities over the years.

[Turn 15]
Q: And do you know which system the indirect customer information is entered into? Would that have been Partner as well? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form.
A: I... I'm not sure exactly which system that would have been in. I mean, we used different systems for different things. Partner was one of them, but there were others too. The indirect customer information might have been in multiple places depending on what kind of information it was and how it was being used. I worked with these systems but I'm having trouble remembering exactly which specific information went into which system. It's been a long time.

[Turn 16]
Q: Is that correct? this way. I've seen in the documents -- and let me know if this is accurate -- that you would at times run chargeback reports; is that correct? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. that, again, I don't really understand it, but it was what our system or what our company used to sort of -- I know that it like rolled up the data so you could look at it at a level and you could -- it was like a program or a report-writer type of functionality. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/zknv0249
A: Yes, that's correct. I did run chargeback reports. We had different reporting tools and systems that would pull data together so you could analyze it at different levels. I'm not... I'm not great with all the technical details of how the systems worked exactly, but yes, I would run reports to look at chargeback data and trends. It was part of my job to analyze that information and see what was happening with our chargeback volume and patterns.

[Turn 17]
Q: Was there an additional customer database that Mallinckrodt used? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form.
A: I... there were different databases and systems. I mean, we had various ways of tracking customer information depending on what we needed it for. There might have been additional customer databases beyond the main ones I worked with regularly, but I'm not sure exactly what you're referring to. We had different systems for different purposes - some for contracts, some for chargebacks, some for other business functions. I didn't necessarily have access to all of them or know about every database the company used.

[Turn 18]
Q: For the record, the Bates number ends in 457681. It is an e-mail dated February 6th, 2008, to you from Victor Borelli with an attachment. Do you remember working with Victor Borelli?
A: Yes, I remember Victor Borelli. He was... he was in sales, I believe. We worked together on various projects and initiatives. I don't remember this specific email from 2008, but yes, I did work with Victor on different things over the years. What... what does the email say?

[Turn 19]
Q: Okay. So a three-month period. Approximately when did that start?
A: I'm sorry, I'm not following. What three-month period are you referring to? Are you talking about something in that email from Victor? I need to see what you're looking at to understand what three-month period you mean.

[Turn 20]
Q: Were you involved in consideration of a pilot project by an entity called IntegriChain?
A: IntegriChain... yes, I think I remember that name. There were different pilot projects and initiatives we looked at over the years for various business purposes. I believe IntegriChain was one of the companies we considered working with, but I don't remember all the specific details about what exactly that pilot project involved or how far it went. There were a lot of different vendors and projects we evaluated.

[Turn 21]
Q: You mentioned that they restructured after you left. Do you know how they restructured? MR. DAVISON: Object --
A: I... well, I don't really know the details of how they restructured after I left. I mean, I heard things here and there, but I wasn't there anymore so I don't have firsthand knowledge of exactly what changes they made or how they reorganized things. I just know that there were some changes to the company structure, but I can't really speak to the specifics since I wasn't involved in that.

[Turn 22]
Q: And earlier we talked about how the chargeback system will not process chargebacks for wholesaler-to-wholesaler transactions. You mentioned
A: Yes, that's right. The chargeback system was set up so it wouldn't process chargebacks for wholesaler-to-wholesaler transactions. Those weren't supposed to go through because the chargebacks were meant for legitimate end customer sales, not for transactions between distributors or wholesalers. If a wholesaler was selling to another wholesaler, that wasn't the kind of transaction that should generate a chargeback to us.

[Turn 23]
Q: And would the data submitted to you from the distributor have shown an increase in sales from month to month, if that's what the transaction -- scratch that. What would the data from the distributor have shown? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form.
A: The data from the distributors would show... well, it would show their sales transactions that they were submitting chargebacks for. So we'd see who they sold to, what products, quantities, prices, dates of the transactions. If there were increases in sales from month to month, that would show up in the data as higher volumes or more transactions. But the specific format and details of what exactly was included... I'm having trouble remembering all the specifics of what fields were in those data submissions. There was a lot of information that came through.

[Turn 24]
Q: So that brings us up to the top cf the document, and you write to Victor Borelli we are fine opening up NuCare and paying chargebacks for sales to them. As you read, it was the CEO back in 2002 that engaged in illegal practices. You can let Master's know they are fine. Do you remember sending this e-mail to Mr. Borelli?
A: I... I don't remember this specific email. I mean, there were a lot of communications about different customers and whether we should process chargebacks for them or not. If I wrote that about NuCare and some issue from 2002 with their CEO, I must have been relaying information I had received from someone else about their background or status. But I don't recall the specific details of this particular email or what exactly the situation was with NuCare at that time.

[Turn 25]
Q: Okay. This is Exhibit 13. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-013 marked for identification.]
A: Okay, I can see Exhibit 13. What... what is this document?

[Turn 26]
Q: Okay. And in this case, the wholesaler submitted a chargeback request that the system then denied; is that accurate? MR. DAVISON: Objection.
A: I'm looking at this exhibit, but I need to see what it shows to answer your question. If you're saying the system denied a chargeback request from a wholesaler, then... yes, that could happen if the transaction didn't meet the criteria for processing. The system would reject chargebacks that weren't eligible, like wholesaler-to-wholesaler sales or other transactions that didn't qualify. But I'd need to see what this specific document shows to confirm what happened in this particular case.

[Turn 27]
Q: So Kathy Weiss says that she will work on the Partner testing. Do you know what that refers to? MR. DAVISON: Objection.
A: I'm not sure exactly what the Partner testing refers to in this context. Kathy Weiss... I remember working with her, but I don't recall the specific details of what Partner testing she was talking about here. There were different testing processes and system updates that happened, but I can't remember the specifics of what this particular testing involved or what it was for.

[Turn 28]
Q: Do you have any understanding of how the 867 data was used? MR. DAVISON: Objection.
A: The 867 data... I know that was some kind of electronic data interchange format that we received from distributors. It contained transaction information, but I'm not entirely clear on all the technical details of how exactly it was used or processed. I know it was part of the data flow we worked with, but the specific technical aspects of how the 867 data was utilized... I'm not the best person to explain all those details. That was more on the technical side of things.

[Turn 29]
Q: So as a general matter, new account forms would go to CDIG?
A: Yes, I believe that's right. New account forms would generally go to CDIG - that was part of their process for setting up new customers and doing the validations. They handled the customer due diligence and verification aspects, so new account forms would typically go through them as part of that process.

[Turn 30]
Q: Okay. So Exhibit 16, for the record, ends in Bates number 290095. It's an e-mail string with the earliest e-mail dated August 10th, 2009. I'll just give you a second to look it over.
A: Okay, I'm looking at Exhibit 16. This is from August 2009... let me read through this email string.

[Turn 31]
Q: And is it fair to say that using the Cognos tool was not specific to a certain department at Mallinckrodt?
A: Right, yes. The Cognos tool wasn't limited to just one department. Different departments could use it for their reporting and analysis needs. It was more of a general business intelligence tool that various groups across the company could access for their specific purposes, not something that was restricted to just one area.

[Turn 32]
Q: For the record, it's Bates ending in 289983. This is an e-mail from John Adams dated November 18th, 2009, with the subject East Main Street Adams. You say see attached sales data. I've indicated the distributor that sold them our product. Can you look at the attached spreadsheet and tell me which database that spreadsheet would have been generated from? Pharmacy sales, trailing 12 months. It looks like it's a spreadsheet file attached. So you are copied on this e-mail, and Mr. Adams is e-mailing Victor Borelli and Steve Becker to say that the East Main Street Pharmacy was shut down by the DEA last week. And if you look at the bottom of the e-mail, the attachment is coming from you to John
A: I can see this email where John Adams is talking about East Main Street Pharmacy being shut down by the DEA, and he's referencing attached sales data. If there's a spreadsheet attached that shows pharmacy sales for trailing 12 months, and you're saying the attachment came from me to John... I mean, that kind of sales data would typically come from our internal sales databases or reporting systems. But I'm having trouble remembering the specifics of this particular situation or exactly which database would have generated that particular spreadsheet. There were different systems we could pull sales information from.

[Turn 33]
Q: Do you agree that this report shows sales to a pharmacy in Columbus, Ohio? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/zknv0249
A: Looking at this spreadsheet, yes, it appears to show sales data for a pharmacy in Columbus, Ohio. I can see the information there, though I don't recall all the specific details about this particular pharmacy or this exact report from back then.

[Turn 34]
Q: I'm just talking about identifying information that would show you relative proportions of product purchased.
A: Yes, you're right. This report would show the relative proportions of different products that were purchased. You can see from the data what quantities or amounts of different products this pharmacy was buying, so you'd be able to compare the proportions - like how much of one product versus another, what their purchasing patterns looked like across different items.

[Turn 35]
Q: How far back could you go?
A: I'm not sure exactly how far back the system could go for historical data. It would depend on what database we were pulling from and how long the data was retained in those systems. Different systems might have had different retention periods. I don't remember the specific timeframes for how far back we could pull sales data like this.

[Turn 36]
Q: What's your understanding of how running chargeback reports would support Karen Harper's group? MR. DAVISON: Objection.
A: I'm not entirely clear on the specific ways that running chargeback reports would support Karen Harper's group. I mean, chargeback reports contained sales and transaction data that could be useful for different purposes, but I don't recall the exact details of how Karen Harper's group used that information or what they needed it for. There were various groups that would request different types of reports for their analysis, but I'm fuzzy on the specifics of what her group was doing with the chargeback data.

[Turn 37]
Q: So she's directing Carrie to work with you to determine if Carrie can access the programs necessary to run chargeback reports associated with the compliance -- C slash S -- controlled substance compliance industry news for Mallinckrodt commercial team initiative. Do you remember working with Carrie Johnson on this initiative?
A: I... I'm not entirely sure. The name Carrie Johnson... I think I may have worked with her on something, but I'm not clearly remembering the specifics of this particular initiative or exactly what we worked on together regarding the chargeback reports for that controlled substance compliance thing. There were different projects going on, and I'm having trouble placing this exact one or what my role was in helping Carrie access those programs.

[Turn 38]
Q: When you mention that the queries are pretty simple to learn, can you give me an example of a query that you would use? MR. DAVISON: Objection. Form.
A: Well, I mean, the queries weren't overly complicated. You might do something like pulling data for a specific customer over a certain time period, or looking at sales for particular products. Like, you could query for all transactions from a distributor within a date range, or search for specific NDC numbers. The basic structure wasn't too hard to pick up once you understood how the database was set up, but I can't remember the exact technical syntax we used for writing those queries.

[Turn 39]
Q: Do you recall breathe you provided any to Karen Harper and her group after this date?
A: I'm sorry, I'm not sure what you mean by "breathe you provided" - could you clarify the question? I'm having trouble understanding what you're asking about that I might have provided to Karen Harper's group.

[Turn 40]
Q: -- of this nature? MR. DAVISON: Objection.
A: I'm still not clear on what you're referring to when you say "of this nature." Are you asking about reports, data, or something else that I might have provided to Karen Harper's group? I need you to be more specific about what kind of thing you're asking about so I can try to answer properly.

[Turn 41]
Q: Can you -- based on your experience working for Mallinckrodt over -- for over a decade and working with this data, with sales data, do you have any idea what sales trending might refer to? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form.
A: Well, sales trending would generally refer to looking at sales patterns over time - you know, tracking how sales are changing, whether they're going up or down, identifying patterns in the data. It could be looking at trends for specific customers, specific products, or across different time periods to see what direction things are moving. But I'm not sure exactly what specific type of sales trending this particular context is referring to.

[Turn 42]
Q: So if anyone had wanted to take you up on that offer to be trained on Cognos, you would have been Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/zknv0249 able to train them on how to use the program?
A: Well, I mean, I had some familiarity with Cognos and could help people get started with basic functions, but I'm not sure I would have called myself a full trainer. I could show someone how to navigate around in it, how to run some basic reports, that kind of thing. But for more advanced training or comprehensive instruction, they probably would have needed someone with more technical expertise than I had.

[Turn 43]
Q: Train them. Right. Okay. So that was in the context of training, but just in terms of having access to Cognos, I believe you testified earlier that people across various departments had access to it.
A: Yes, that's right. Various departments could have access to Cognos for their reporting needs. It wasn't restricted to just one department - different groups across the company could use it depending on what they needed it for. So access wasn't limited to just my department or one specific area.

[Turn 44]
Q: But fair to say you would have needed to have known -- need to have known who the indirect customer was? Is that fair? MR. DAVISON: Objection.
A: Yes, that's fair. To process chargebacks properly, we would need to know who the indirect customer was - the end customer that the distributor sold to. That was part of the validation process to make sure the chargeback was legitimate and that we were paying the right amount based on the actual end customer and their contracted pricing.

[Turn 45]
Q: Do you recall testifying earlier that you didn't have a sense of what might make an order of oxy 15 and 30 disproportionate or proportionate?
A: I... yes, I think I did say that. I mean, I wasn't really in a position to determine what would be considered a normal or abnormal proportion for those specific strengths. That wasn't something I was trained on or had guidelines for - what the right mix should be between 15 milligram and 30 milligram oxycodone orders.

[Turn 46]
Q: And how would using the Cognos tool better the peculiar order report system? MR. DAVISON: Objection.
A: I'm not really sure how using Cognos would improve the peculiar order report system. I mean, Cognos was a reporting tool that could pull and analyze data, but I don't know the specifics of how it would enhance or better the peculiar order reporting process. That wasn't something I was directly involved with or had knowledge about - how those two systems would work together or what improvements Cognos might provide.

[Turn 47]
Q: So just looking -- and this is another document that's very hard to read. Okay. Okay. Is this your handwriting on this document?
A: I can't really tell from here. The document is hard to read like you said, and I'd need to look at it more closely to determine if that's my handwriting or not. Could you show me which part you're referring to specifically?

[Turn 48]
Q: And in this case, your notes simply says
A: I'm sorry, but I can't see what the notes say clearly from here. Could you read what you think my notes say so I can confirm whether that sounds right or not?

[Turn 49]
Q: With an order number would they be able to be correlated to an indirect transaction?
A: Yes, with an order number you should be able to correlate it back to the indirect transaction. The order number would be part of the tracking information that could link the original sale to the distributor with the subsequent sale to the end customer. That's how we could validate chargebacks - by matching up the order information to make sure the indirect sale actually happened and was legitimate.

[Turn 50]
Q: Can you think of any specific examples of actions that you or others at Mallinckrodt took to prevent the sort of volume of shipments of Mallinckrodt products going to pharmacies as we've seen in some of these documents today? MR. DAVISON: Objection.
A: I can't really think of specific examples of actions that I personally took or was directly involved in regarding preventing high volume shipments to pharmacies. That wasn't really part of my role in contract administration and chargeback operations. I was more focused on the financial and administrative side of things rather than monitoring or controlling shipment volumes to specific types of customers.
