WITNESS: Steven Becker
ARCHETYPE: Combative
INITIAL STATE: {'C': 0.7, 'K': 0.3, 'A': 0.05, 'V': 0.5, 'R': 0.7, 'P': 0.4}
FINAL STATE:   {'C': 0.6133, 'K': 0.3, 'A': 0.132, 'V': 0.5, 'R': 0.7526, 'P': 0.3685}
======================================================================

[Turn 1]
Q: there? Was it in the A No. I don't Q Was it in the Objection to form. first two years you worked recall the exact date. latter time period that you worked there? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Most likely. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. So maybe something around 2012? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Possibly before. I'm not certain, exactly, what date. MR. DAVISON: Hey, Derek, we've been going about an hour. I understand if you want to finish the line of questioning, but do you want to take a break? MR. LOESER: Yeah. I'll just finish. BY MR. LOESER: Q Do you know what effective controls to prevent diversion means? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A No. I don't know who made that statement. BY MR. LOESER: Q I'm just asking you if you know what it means, regardless of who made the statement. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Effective controls, to prevent -- BY MR. LOESER: Q Diversion? A I have an idea what it means. Q Okay. Tell me what your idea is. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Is that the company would be doing everything that they possibly can to help eliminate diversion of your product. BY MR. LOESER: Q And what do you mean by "everything" that they can? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Following all the rules and regulations that are set forth by the DEA, or anybody else, in regards to selling your product. BY MR. LOESER: Q And are you familiar with any of those rules and regulations? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Q Including drug abuse and addiction? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Yes. BY MR. LOESER: Q And would you agree with me that drug abuse and addiction increases the number of overdose deaths? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Not specifically, no. Q Can you describe them generally? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Not truly, no, not that I recall. BY MR. LOESER: Q Do you agree that diversion contributes to drug abuse and addiction? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I'm not an expert in that field. BY MR. LOESER: Q Do you have any sense, one way or the other? A On diversion? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q Right. A It can lead to the misuse of products. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 A I'm not an expert on it. BY MR. LOESER: Q Do you have any sense one way or the other? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A It's an opinion. I would -- basically, you'd have to -- can you repeat the question? BY MR. LOESER: Q Do you agree that drug abuse and addiction increases the number of overdose deaths? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A It can. BY MR. LOESER: Q Do you know what a suspicious order monitoring system is? A Yes. Q Can you describe that for me, please? A A system that was put in place to watch and guard for suspicious orders being placed by accounts. Q And was such a system in place when you started working at Mallinckrodt? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Not that I'm aware of. BY MR. LOESER: Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Q Do you have a general recollection of whether a suspicious order monitoring system was put in place at Mallinckrodt? A Yes, one was put in place. Q And do you recall when that was? A No, I don't. Q Was it towards the end of your career at Mallinckrodt? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I am not certain, the period of time there. BY MR. LOESER: Q Do you have any recollection at all? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Not -- I'm not able to tell you what dates Mallinckrodt put one in place. You'd have to ask Karen Harper on that. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. But your sense, from the sales perspective, is that there was no SOM system when you started, but at some point during the time that you worked there, one was put in place? A Yes. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 wholesalers and distributors. Q Were you involved, at all, in the system that was eventually put in place? A Well, being a salesman, yes. I helped -- I helped develop a questionnaire for the Q So if we had documents that describe your involvement in that questionnaire, would that likely be the time frame of when you believed that the suspicious order monitoring system was put in place? A Yes. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q Do you agree with me that if an order by one of your customers is identified as suspicious, the order should not be shipped by Mallinckrodt? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A You'd have to ask our customer service and product managers who handle that. BY MR. LOESER: Q Do you have any understanding of that? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Can you repeat the question? BY MR. LOESER: Q Yes. If an order is identified as Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Mallinckrodt, right? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Our customer service people and product monitoring people handled that. BY MR. LOESER: Q But do you have an understanding of whether suspicious orders should be shipped? suspicious, the order should not be shipped by MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Again, the product managers and customer service handle when and if orders would be shipped. BY MR. LOESER: Q Right, but I'm trying to understand your understanding of this. If an order is identified as suspicious, and it is a suspicious order, is it your understanding that that order should not be shipped? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A It should be reviewed before it's shipped. BY MR. LOESER: Q And if the review determines that the order is suspicious, then what happens? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A It shouldn't be shipped. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 BY MR. LOESER: Q Does shipping a suspicious order violate the Controlled Substances Act? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I'm not certain. I don't know what the act reads. BY MR. LOESER: Q That was not a -- something on which you were given training when you were at Mallinckrodt? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I didn't do anything with the ordering. BY MR. LOESER: Q Was it your understanding that Mallinckrodt was required to report, to the DEA, suspicious orders? A Yes. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q And did Mallinckrodt also have a duty to identify suspicious orders by the downstream customers of your distributor clients? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A You'd have to define "downstream customers." BY MR. LOESER: Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Q Is that a term that you used, at all, "downstream customers"? A No. Q Did you use the term "indirect customers"? A Yes. Q And what was that? A Indirect customer is somebody that purchases your product through a wholesaler or distributor. Q Okay. So if your wholesale distributor customer -- your wholesale distributor customer is referred to as your direct customers, right? A That's correct. Q And the pharmacies and dispensing physicians and pain clinics, the entities that purchased from your wholesale distributor customers, those are referred to as the indirect customers, correct? A I believe so. Q And you never used the term "downstream customer" for those indirect customers? A No. Q Are you familiar with the term "customers of your customers"? A No. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Q So when you're referring to the entities that purchased from your wholesale customers, you refer to them as your indirect customers? A Correct. Q And is it your understanding that you had a duty to report, to the DEA, suspicious orders by your indirect customers, from your wholesale distributor customers? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A You'd have to ask Karen Harper that, but I believe so. MR. DAVISON: Ready for a break? MR. LOESER: Yes. THE VIDEOGRAPHER: We are going off the record. The time is 10:27 a.m. (A recess was taken from 10:27 a.m. to 10:45 a.m.) THE VIDEOGRAPHER: We are back on the record. The time is 10:46 a.m. BY MR. LOESER: Q Earlier, I was asking you about national account managers, and that's how you referred to yourself, as a national account manager? A Correct. Q And there were several other national Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 account managers at the same time -- A Correct. Q -- as you? And did you all get together occasionally? A It varies. We're going to have sales meetings or if we worked a trade show together. Q And how often did that occur? A It varied from year to year, but usually, once a quarter. Q And would you also communicate by e-mail, frequently? A Certainly. Q And in your conversations with the other national account managers, did you talk about any difficulties or issues you were having with clients or customers? A Could have. Q And what are the other kinds of things that you would talk about with your national account's doing what, what your account -- how would you handle this, you know, comparison of accounts. Q And did you have a good relationship with account manager colleagues? A Just basically business. You know, what Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 your co-national account managers? A I believe so. Q And did you have a better relationship with some than others? A I'm sure I did. Q Do you recall, who among the group were you closest to? A Bonnie New, Dave Irwin, probably. Q And do you recall why those two in particular? A No. Personalities probably just matched up proper. Q And did you not get along with any of your co -- A No. Q -- account managers? Okay. Where we left off, I was asking about suspicious -- suspicious orders, and are you familiar with the characteristics of a suspicious order? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Well, define "characteristics," please. BY MR. LOESER: Q Well, can you define the characteristics of a suspicious order? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A That wasn't my job. You would have to ask Karen Harper what the characteristics are. BY MR. LOESER: Q Did you have any sense at all, that you recall, of what the characteristics were of a suspicious order? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A On a wholesale level, if the order was over their normal averages, that would most likely by a department, by a suspicious product monitoring people be tagged as a suspicious order. BY MR. LOESER: Q And that would be considered a red flag? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q Is that how that term was used? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I don't know if we used that term, but that's -- it would -- if the volumes were such and the average -- or the order was over a certain parameter, which I did not set, that was set by the product monitoring people, it would be tagged as a suspicious order. BY MR. LOESER: Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Q And can you think of other circumstances that would get an order tagged as suspicious? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A New product that they hadn't ordered before. BY MR. LOESER: Q Anything else? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A That's just -- that's all I can think of at this point. BY MR. LOESER: Q And were you involved, at all, in helping Mallinckrodt identify suspicious orders? A No, I didn't see the orders. The orders all came in in computerized orders, so I didn't see the orders, so that was left up to our product monitoring people. Q And you've mentioned Karen Harper a number of times. Is she -- does she fall under the product monitoring people category? A I believe so. Q And do you recall what her position was? A I'm not certain what her title was. Q And did the product monitoring people consult with you about orders that they thought Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 might be suspicious? A I would get an e-mail if they had a suspicious order. Q And then what would you do? A I'd have to follow up with the account to find out why an order may be higher than the norm. Clarify. Q And prior to 2011, did you -- did you ever recommend that an order be cancelled because you believed it was suspicious? A Not that I recall. Q And after 2011, do you recall that? A Not that I recall. Q Were there any incentives offered to you to report suspicious orders? A No. Q When you were evaluated, was there any consideration of whether you had identified suspicious orders? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I don't recall. BY MR. LOESER: Q Would it have been appropriate for you, as a national account manager from Mallinckrodt, to ask a distributor client to ship opioids to a Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 pharmacy as a favor for a family member of a customer? A No. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A No. BY MR. LOESER: Q Why not? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. to do with our products and family members was prohibited. BY MR. LOESER: Q Prohibited by Mallinckrodt? A Most likely, yes. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: A Why would I do that? It's no. BY MR. LOESER: Q No, because it would be illegal? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I would never do it. It's not -- anything Q And prohibited by the DEA as well? A I would imagine so. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q Mr. Becker, do you agree that there's an Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 opioid crisis in this country? A I believe you asked me that before, and I said yes. Q And in what year did you realize that there was an opioid crisis in this country? A I don't recall what year I realized it. Q Was it after the time you started working for Mallinckrodt? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A After I first started working there? Yes. BY MR. LOESER: Q Early in your time there? A I wouldn't say early. Q And how did you become aware that there was an opioid crisis in this country? which pills manufactured by Mallinckrodt contributed to the problem? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Could you repeat the question? BY MR. LOESER: Q Did you ever investigate the extent to which pills manufactured by Mallinckrodt A Various news articles and things I would read, periodicals, business periodicals. Q And did you ever investigate the extent to Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 contributed to the opioid crisis? A No. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q Did you evaluate whether particular types of pills manufactured by Mallinckrodt were prone to abuse or diversion? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Repeat that, please. BY MR. LOESER: Q Did you evaluate whether particular types of pills manufactured by Mallinckrodt were prone to abuse or diversion? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I did not evaluate, no. BY MR. LOESER: Q I think there was a cough while you were -- and 30 milligram were the most widely abused and diverted Mallinckrodt products? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. MR. LOESER: Did you get the answer? (Reporter clarification.) BY MR. LOESER: Q Are you aware that oxycodone 15 milligram Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 A No. BY MR. LOESER: Q Are you aware that your distributor clients purchased millions of these pills from Mallinckrodt? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I'm not certain how many they purchased. BY MR. LOESER: Q But you were aware, when you worked there, of the number of pills that your customers purchased -- MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I had no idea on the number of pills. I didn't use a tablet count on purchases. BY MR. LOESER: Q What did you use? A Bottles. Q How many -- A Cases. I never saw the orders. All the orders were done electronically. Q So if the metric you used was bottles, how many pills are in a bottle? A It would vary on the type of bottle that was used. Q And was there no standard measure when you Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 referred to a bottle? A There was hundreds and 500s, then there's unit of use, unit dose. particular number of pills that you knew were in any bottle? A I didn't review that. Q And cases, how many bottles are in a case? A I couldn't recall. Q Is it a uniform measure or does it -- Q But when you used -- when you looked at the number of bottles of pills, there was no A It is. I don't recall what was in our case packs. Q You mentioned that you learned of the opioid crisis through news articles. Are those articles that you found on your own or articles that were sent to you by colleagues or both? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Both. (Whereupon, Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Becker- 006 was marked for identification by the reporter.) THE REPORTER: Number 6. BY MR. LOESER: Q You've been handed what's marked Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Exhibit 6, which is a news report from the Florida -- South Florida Sun-Sentinel, dated December 3rd, 2006. On December -- by December 3rd, 2006, you were working for Mallinckrodt, correct? A Yes. Q And you were selling controlled substances for Mallinckrodt? A Yes. Q This article headline is "ALARM OVER PRESCRIPTION DRUG TRADE," "DEATHS SKYROCKET AS DEALERS AND ADDICTS FLOCK TO SOUTH FLORIDA." I'm going to read a few sentences in this article and ask you about your knowledge of these circumstances. The first sentence is "Out-of-state drug dealers and addicts are traveling long distance to visit Florida pain clinics, targeting the state because of its lax oversight of prescription drugs" -- "because of its lax oversight of prescription drugs makes scoring pills easier." Do you recall reading about people coming from out of state to purchase pills in Florida? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Yes, I read articles about it. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 BY MR. LOESER: paragraph, states, "The unwanted tourism alarms prescription pain medications skyrocket in recent hydrocodone, methadone and oxycodone contributed to more overdose deaths than all other narcotics combined, according to Florida medical examiners." hydrocodone, methadone, and oxycodone to your being sold en masse to pain clinics and doctors in Florida? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I don't know at the time. BY MR. LOESER: Q But you read articles that described -- A I had read articles. Q Okay. And do you recall when you became aware of the supply, the problem of hydrocodone, Q And the next sentence of the article, next state officials who have watched deaths from years. In 2005, such prescription drugs as Now, as of 2006, you were selling distributor customers; is that correct? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Correct. BY MR. LOESER: Q And were you aware that those pills were Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 marked as Borelli Exhibit 24. This is an article Mallinckrodt, selling controlled substances on that date, correct? A Yes. Q And I'll read the first paragraph of the methadone, oxycodone, in Florida and people coming from out of state? A I don't recall the date. Q Did you become aware of skyrocketing overdose deaths in Florida at some point? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Just in periodical readings, newscasts, media. BY MR. LOESER: Q I'm passing to you what's previously been from the Miami Herald, with the title "Inside Broward County pill mills." The date of the article is April 5th, 2009. You were working at article. "Broward County has become the painkiller capital of the United States, the notorious home to a cottage industry of storefront pain clinics selling alarming numbers of narcotics and feeding a brazen black market sprawling through the South and New England." And again, that description, that's Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 something that you had become familiar with because of the articles and information you had seen? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Not specifically Broward County. I knew that there was issues in Florida. BY MR. LOESER: Q And were you aware that, as of this time, a number of your wholesale distributor customers were selling a significant portion of the pills they purchased from Mallinckrodt to indirect customers in Florida? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I didn't know who they were selling all their products to. BY MR. LOESER: Q Had you examined, at all, whether your wholesale distributor clients were selling significant portions of the controlled substances MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Yes. BY MR. LOESER: Q Yes. You were aware that Broward County had become the painkiller capital of the United States? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 they bought from you to locations in Florida? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A That would have been product monitoring. BY MR. LOESER: Q That's not something that you looked into? MR. DAVISON: Same objection. A Product monitoring was responsible for that. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. But that's not something that you looked into? A No. Q If you turn to the next page of this article, there's a paragraph, second from the top, that states, "And the travelers come by the thousands, narcotics investigators say, from Kentucky, Ohio, West Virginia, Massachusetts and other states. Prospective pill buyers sometimes camp outside clinics overnight, waiting for the doors to open, said Hollywood police Capt. Allen Siegel, director of a South Broward narcotics task force." Now, is this circumstance of people coming from out of state to get pills at Florida pain clinics something that you had heard about? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Yes. BY MR. LOESER: Q And if you turn to the next page, there's a paragraph, "Experts blame these clinics for a startling rise in prescription-drug overdose deaths in Florida, including a 107 percent jump in oxycodone deaths in two years." And you were aware, from the articles that you read, about spiking overdose deaths in Florida? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Yes. BY MR. LOESER: Q And were you also familiar with the fact that many of those deaths were due to oxycodone overdoses? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Yes. BY MR. LOESER: Q And, of course, you knew that a number of your wholesale distributor clients were purchasing large volumes of oxycodone, manufactured by Mallinckrodt, correct? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 A They were purchasing our oxycodone product. BY MR. LOESER: Q Significant volumes of -- A I don't know if there -- what would be considered significant. Q What would you consider significant? A I don't -- I don't know. Q Thousands of bottles significant to you? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I can't answer that. That would be product monitoring's job. As I said earlier, I never saw orders come in. Orders were done electronically. BY MR. LOESER: Q Tens of thousands of bottles seem significant to you? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I can't answer the question. I have no idea what the significant amount is for a wholesaler. BY MR. LOESER: Q Go a few more pages into the article. There's a paragraphs that states, "Police in Kentucky, Tennessee, West Virginia, Ohio and other Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 states routinely arrest drug suspects who have oxycodone bought or prescribed in Florida, often using bogus medical records to justify the medication. 'Ninety-eight percent of it is coming out of Florida,' said Capt. David Hall, a narcotics detective in Scioto County, Ohio, outside Cincinnati." And again, you had heard of people coming to Florida to purchase pills. Had you also heard of those pills migrating out of the state of Florida to other areas? A Yes. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q Down below, it states, "More oxycodone is distributed in Florida than any other state -- 40 percent more than in second-ranked California in 2006, according to DEA data." Were you aware of that? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I knew Florida was a heavy user of oxycodone products. I'm not certain what date they were. BY MR. LOESER: Q And did that cause you any concern, that Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 people in place to monitor those orders. (Whereupon, Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Becker- 007 was marked for identification by the reporter.) BY MR. LOESER: Q Sir, I'm handing you what's been marked Exhibit 7, which bears Bates stamp MNK-T1 0000264194. And while you're looking at that document, for the record, this is an e-mail Florida was such a heavy user of oxycodone products? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Did it cause me any concern? Just concerns on who the product was getting to as an end user. BY MR. LOESER: Q Concerns that it was being diverted? A It could be. Q That was a concern of yours? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A It could be. BY MR. LOESER: Q Was it? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A It was, but we had product monitoring Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 from Karen Harper, dated November 28th, 2009, sent to a number of people, including yourself; is that correct? A Correct. Q And the other folks to which this e-mail was sent, John Adams, Robert Lesnak, Tim Berry, Bonnie New, Dave Irwin, Victor Borelli, are those all other national account managers for Mallinckrodt? A John Adams was a manager that I had reported to. I forgot that I reported to him. Robert Lesnak was in charge of methadone sales, was a manager in that, and the rest look like they were sales people. Q And if you look at the subject line of this e-mail, Ms. Harper is sending you a news article from RxNews with the heading "Grand Jury wants to crack down on pill Mills, Ft. Lauderdale, Florida"; do you see that? A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q And so if you go down into the body of the article that's attached to Ms. Harper's e-mail, the first line of that is, "Broward County has become known as the 'pill mill capital' of the United States"; is that correct? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 A Where are you looking? Q Right below the title of the article, on the first page. A Okay. That's what it reads, yes. Q Okay. And so this is an example of an article about the problems in Florida that was sent to you by Ms. Harper, describing the problems in Florida and the fact that Florida had become a pill mill capital, right? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Correct. BY MR. LOESER: Q And if you go to the second page of that now, which attaches the article, third paragraph from the top states, "According to the report, 'In the past 2 years the number of pain clinics in South Florida mushroomed from 4 to 176, dumping 9 million dose units of Oxycodone in our community every six minutes." And, sir, you are aware that -- A That was six months. You said "minutes," I believe. Q Six months. Yeah. A Okay. Q Fair correction. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 And then it continues, "Although the pain clinics originated in Broward County, they have spread north quickly throughout the rest of Florida." So again, this is information contained in an article that was sent to you by Ms. Harper on November 28, 2009; that's correct? A Correct. Q And at the time, you were selling substantial amounts of oxycodone to your wholesale distributor clients, correct? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I don't know what substantial would be. BY MR. LOESER: Q Were you selling -- A As I stated earlier, I did not see the orders come in for my accounts. They were all submitted electronically. Q Were you selling more oxycodone to your clients in 2009 than in prior years? A I don't know. Q You never examined that? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I would look at sales reports and look at my top selling products, but I can't tell you, for Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 that specific date, if we were. BY MR. LOESER: Q You have no recollection one way or the other? A No. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q This wasn't a time for you in which that particular product was selling so much that it was causing your bonus to go up significantly? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I don't -- I don't -- I don't know if that caused my bonus to go up or not. BY MR. LOESER: Q That's not something you ever tried to figure out? A No. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Bonus to me was just part of my regular program. (Whereupon, Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Becker- 008 was marked for identification by the reporter.) BY MR. LOESER: Q You've been handed what's marked Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Exhibit 8, which is an NPR, National Public Radio, article, dated March 2nd, 2011. The heading is "The 'Oxy Express': Florida's Drug Abuse Epidemic." A Was this from the print media or was this the electronic media? Q It was probably both. According to the exhibit, it was "Heard on Morning Edition" on March 2nd, 2011. A Yes. all the pain clinics opened up, and it's where people went to get diverted product. Q And The Oxy Express refers to the highway A Okay. Q Are you familiar with the term "The Oxy Express"? Q Can you tell me what that is? A Just Florida became known as an area where running north out of Florida, 175; are you aware of that? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A There's more than one highway running north out of Florida that probably transported drugs. BY MR. LOESER: Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Q Have you -- are you familiar with I75 being referred to as The Oxy Express? A At times. Q And if you turn to the second page of that exhibit, under the heading "Florida's Oxycodone Prescriptions," this states, "Doctors in Florida prescribe 10 times more oxycodone pills than every other state in the country combined. People come from all over the Southeast to visit the state's pain clinics." You were aware of that, correct? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Eventually, I was, in my readings. BY MR. LOESER: Q You were aware of that at the time that you were selling oxycodone to your wholesale distributor customers? A I could have been. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I'm not certain exactly, referring to all the various states that have been thrown in front of me. BY MR. LOESER: Q But generally, this is something that you were aware of? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 A Yes. Q When you were still selling oxycodone to your wholesale distributor customers? A Yes, yes. (Whereupon, Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Becker- 009 was marked for identification by the reporter.) BY MR. LOESER: Q You've been handed what's marked Exhibit 9, and while you're familiarizing yourself with it, this is an e-mail from Kate Muhlenkamp, dated February 16, 2009, sent to you, among others. Subject is "Customer Demand Management and Allocations." Bates number MNK-11 0004916278. Who is Kate Muhlenkamp? A She was a product manager. Q And if you look down at the e-mail -- have you had a chance to read it? A Not the whole thing, no. Q Why don't you go ahead and do that? A (Reviewing.) Q So I'll read the first paragraph of the e-mail, and then I'll ask you a question about that. It says, "All - As you are aware, we have ramped up our supply capabilities surrounding Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Oxycodone IR over the past 8 months and have done a tremendous job of meeting historic demand." Does this refresh your recollection on the demand for oxycodone back in 2009? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I don't recall this particular e-mail, and I do not recall Ethex having an issue with their product. BY MR. LOESER: Q And what was Ethex? A Ethex was a competitor company that manufactured oxycodone. Q And Ms. Muhlenkamp goes on to note, "As a point of reference, our backorder dollars have reached 90 million today, 40 million of that, or 45%, is oxycodone IR." Do you recall there being substantial backorders of oxycodone IR in 2009? A I don't specifically recall it, but according to this e-mail, we did have a backorder situation. Q And what does that mean when Mallinckrodt has backorders? A It means that we don't have enough material or the manufacturing process is such that Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 we can't manufacture enough product to meet demand. Q It means that the entire amount of oxycodone manufactured by Mallinckrodt had been purchased by your clients or customers? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Could you rephrase or restate the question? BY MR. LOESER: Q The backorder indicates that everything Mallinckrodt had to sell, all of the oxycodone IR, had been sold? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I believe so. BY MR. LOESER: Q And Mallinckrodt's response to that, according to this e-mail, was to ramp up supply capabilities? A You'd have to ask the manufacturing people on that. Q But is that what Ms. Muhlenkamp is telling you in this e-mail? A It appears so. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Q Do you recall Mallinckrodt being backordered on oxycodone IR in 2009? A I don't recall this specifically, no. Q If you go to the next paragraph of her e-mail, she writes, "After maximizing our manufacturing output, we know that we are not in the position to fulfill the total market demand as a result of Ethex exiting. Therefore, we are going to begin managing our customers demand or, more appropriately, making them aware of what and when we will be able to ship based on our manufacturing output." Do you see that? A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q So explain for me what's happening here. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Well, based on a competitor leaving the marketplace, it put strains on our product supply, being that either we couldn't manufacture it fast enough or we did not have enough raw material to manufacture the product. BY MR. LOESER: Q And do you recall in this time frame there being a historic -- Mallinckrodt not being able to meet historic demand? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I don't recall this and the date. I do recall, throughout my career, that Mallinckrodt would have supply issues from time to time. BY MR. LOESER: Q And do you recall there being a time when Mallinckrodt started managing allocations to customers for oxycodone IR? A Repeat the question, please. Q Do you recall, as described in this e-mail, that there came a point in time, in 2009, in which Mallinckrodt started allocating what it had available of oxycodone IR among its different customers? A Do I recall that? Q Yeah. A I recall that, over the course of -- course of time, products were subject to being allocated. Q And that's because Mallinckrodt couldn't manufacture enough to meet the demand? A Most likely. Q And do you recall that Mallinckrodt tried to meet the demand by increasing the amount that it was manufacturing? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A You'd have to ask manufacturing that. I'm not certain. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. Is that what's described in this e-mail? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A It appears so. BY MR. LOESER: Q Do you recall whether not having oxycodone IR available was something that was upsetting to your customers? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A When the product was allocated or back ordered, yes, it could be -- cause issues for a customer and the end users that they served. BY MR. LOESER: Q And back in 2009, when you received this e-mail, did you try to figure out why your customers were ordering so much Oxycodone IR? A No. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q That's not something that occurred to you to do? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 A No. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. (Whereupon, Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Becker- 010 was marked for identification by the reporter.) BY MR. LOESER: Q You've been handed what's marked Exhibit 10. MNK-T1 0000289707, and while you're reading it, this is an e-mail from Kate Muhlenkamp to Karen Harper, with the Subject, Requesting Info: Dollars of Sales, Oxycodone 15 and 30 mg to Florida per year," and with an attachment, "Oxy Florida Sales" 9/14, 2010. Do you have any understanding of why, on September 14, 2010, Ms. Muhlenkamp sent to Ms. Harper a report on Florida sales of oxycodone 15 and 30? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A No, I don't. BY MR. LOESER: Q Were you involved, at all, at that time in examining sales to Florida of oxycodone 15 and 30? A Not that I recall. Q If you turn to the next page of this exhibit, there is a -- there's some tables that Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 describe -- A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q -- sales of oxycodone 15 and 30, a total in Florida; do you see that? A Where? Q The first table indicates "Total End Purchaser," "Gross Sales"; do you see that? A Yes. Q And the table below that says, "Total End Purchaser," and it says, "Fl"? A Oh. There's a mark in front of the Fl that I can't see that. Okay. Yes. Q So if you look down this, you'll see that -- and then the third table has percentages. So as of September 14, 2010, starting in 2008, 28 percent of all of the oxycodone 15 and 30 was sold in -- to downstream customers in Florida as of 2008; do you see that? A Mm-hmm (affirmative). MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q Were you aware of that? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form.
A: I don't recall specifically what percentage was going where. That's the kind of information product monitoring would track, not sales.

Q So in 2009, it increased to 34 percent, and in 2010, it was 40 percent. Were you aware that Florida was receiving an increasing percentage of Mallinckrodt's oxycodone 15 and 30 milligram pills?

I wasn't tracking percentages by state. Product monitoring handled all that data analysis. I sold to wholesalers, not to end users in specific states.

Q But didn't you have some sense that Florida was a significant market for these products?

Look, I knew Florida was a heavy user of oxycodone products, but I didn't sit around calculating what percentage of our total sales went where. That wasn't my job.
   Δ: C▼0.044 A▲0.034 R▲0.018
   ⚡ WITNESS COMBATIVE — agreeableness 0.08 · rigidity 0.72

[Turn 2]
Q: if you had asked for it? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Repeat the question. BY MR. LOESER: Q This data had been assembled by Mallinckrodt, correct? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Correct. BY MR. LOESER: Q And if you had asked for it, you could have been provided that data, too, correct? A I could have been, yes. MR. DAVISON: Objection. BY MR. LOESER: Q So let's keep going down the list. Tell A Cedardale, at one time, was my client. Q Okay. And you see that they sent 19,000 bottles of oxycodone to Florida MR. DAVISON: Objection. BY MR. LOESER:
A: Why would I ask for it? That wasn't what I was hired to do. I was a national account manager, not a data analyst sitting around crunching numbers about where pills ended up.

Q But you could have asked for this information if you wanted it?

Could I have? Maybe. Did I need it? No. Product monitoring handled all that tracking and analysis. I had my own job to focus on.

Q Let's look at the specific customers listed here. Do you see Cedardale?

A I see it.

Q Tell me about Cedardale.

Cedardale was one of my accounts at one time, yes.

Q And according to this data, they sent 19,000 bottles of oxycodone to Florida customers. Were you aware of that volume going to Florida through Cedardale?

I didn't track where my customers shipped their product after they bought it from us. That's not how the wholesale business works.
   ⚡ WITNESS COMBATIVE — agreeableness 0.09 · rigidity 0.72

[Turn 3]
Q: in 2010? MR. DAVISON: Same objection. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 A Okay. BY MR. LOESER: Q Keep going down. A Epic was my customer. Q Okay. Who is below Epic? A Harvard was my -- I don't know if it was at that time. Q Okay. You see that they sent 79,039 bottles -- A Yes. MR. DAVISON: Objection. BY MR. LOESER: Q -- of oxycodone to Florida in 2010? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A HD Smith was my account. BY MR. LOESER: Q Do you see how many bottles of oxycodone they sent to Florida in 2010? A Mm-hmm (affirmative). MR. DAVISON: Objection. BY MR. LOESER: Q Just how many was that? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A In 2010? BY MR. LOESER: Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Q Yes. Master's. Q Okay. How many bottles did KeySource send into Florida in 2010? A 396,697. Q Keep going down. A KeySource was my account. I don't know if it was my account at that time. Same with MR. DAVISON: Objection. A 373,141. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. What's below that? Master Pharmaceutical, was that your client? A It could have been at that time. I don't recall. That was an account that was transferred to me. Q Okay. Do you see the number of bottles of oxycodone -- A Yes, I do. Q -- that Masters Pharmaceutical sent to Florida in 2010? How many bottles was that? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A 238,171. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. Keep going down. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 A OptiSource. Q All right. How many bottles did OptiSource send to Florida? A 152,923. MR. DAVISON: Objection. Q So in 2010, OptiSource sent 152,923 bottles of oxycodone into the state of Florida? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Correct. BY MR. LOESER: Q Any other clients of yours on this list? A No. Premier Group may have been my account at that time. Q Do you know, for each of the clients of yours that you identified, what portion of their total purchases of oxycodone from you were sent to Florida? A No, I don't. Q Is that information that you could have obtained, had you asked for it? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Possibly, yes. BY MR. LOESER: Q Just before we leave that exhibit, if you go up to the Cardinal Preferred Source A, that was Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 your customer, wasn't it? A Cardinal Preferred Source was a customer of mine. I'm not certain on this time frame. Q Do you see that in -- from 2010 to 2011, Cardinal increased its shipments, to Florida, of oxycodone 57 percent? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Mm-hmm (affirmative). could have -- could have been a shift on our product being on a source program or not being on a source program. BY MR. LOESER: Q And what does that mean? A Meaning, if you have -- works like a medical formulary, if you're familiar with that. BY MR. LOESER: Q Do you have any recollection of why that occurred? A No, I don't. Q Does it seem strange to you that at a time when most of the other distributors were decreasing their shipments into Florida, Cardinal was increasing its shipments? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A No. That could be various reasons. They Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 A wholesaler has a list of products, and since there's more than one competitor, one manufacturer of a product, Mallinckrodt may have a primary position. We may have been awarded a primary position on that product, which would increase your sales, rather than a secondary position. Being preferred source -- preferred source, that's what that means, that when a pharmacy goes to order their product, they will be sent the primary A source product. Q Okay. And do you recall whether Cardinal was picking up volume as other regional wholesale distributors were slowing down their sales to Florida in 2011? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I don't recall. (Whereupon, Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Becker- 011 was marked for identification by the reporter.) THE REPORTER: Number 11. BY MR. LOESER: Q You have in front of you what's been marked Exhibit 11, Bates number MNK-T1 0004888161. While you're looking at that, this is an e-mail from Bonnie New, dated 6/16/2011, sent to you, Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 among others. The subject, "Oxycotin Article from St. Louis Post Dispatch," with the attachment "6-16-11Oxycotin PD Article.rtf"; do you see that? A Yes. Q And Bonnie New was one of the other national account managers? A Correct. Q And her e-mail states, "Hello, Interesting read. I think it supports our suspicions in regard to the increased usage of the Oxy 30mg"; do you see that? A Yes. Q Let's turn and look at that article. A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q Do you remember receiving this e-mail? A I don't specifically remember getting it. Q But you don't have any reason to think that it wasn't sent to you? A It was sent. Q So if you look at that article on the next page, the title is "New oxycontin form is said to curb abuse"; do you see that? A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q And this is from the "New York Times"? A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Q And if you move down a few paragraphs, the article states, "Purdue Pharma, the maker of oxyContin, may have succeeded in reducing elicit demand for its reformulated drug. But in several dozen interviews over the last few months, drug abuse experts, law enforcement officials and addicts said the reformulation had only driven up interest for other narcotics. Demand appears especially high in 30-milligram of the article, for pure oxycodone that can come pills." And then down at the end it states, "'It's just a matter of switching,' said John Burke, commander of the drug task force in Warren County, Ohio, and president of the National Association of Drug Diversion Investigators." Do you see that? A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q So do you remember having suspicions about the increased usage of oxy 30 in June of 2011? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I don't recall the specific date, but I recall this article. BY MR. LOESER: Q And did you respond to Ms. New about the suspicions? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 was. A I don't recall if I responded to her, but we were, as a group, looking for why there was such an increase in oxy sales. Q Okay. A This was one of the main reasons why there Q And you were aware of that, at least as of 6/16/2011? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Evidently. BY MR. LOESER: Q And did you -- this refers to "our suspicions," so I gather that's a suspicion that she shared with you? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Correct. BY MR. LOESER: Q And you had the same suspicion? A After reading the article, yes. MR. DAVISON: Objection. BY MR. LOESER: Q So as of June 16, 2011, you knew that the increased demand was due to the fact that OxyContin had been reformulated, and you knew that your clients were purchasing significant volumes Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 of oxy 30, right? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I knew that oxy 30 was being purchased. BY MR. LOESER: Q So did you raise any concerns with anyone at Mallinckrodt about how maybe it would have been a good idea to decrease the sale of oxy 30 at that time? BY MR. LOESER: things that were going on, I'm sure it was a there was spiking demand because of the interest of people who were addicted? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A It would be a concern. BY MR. LOESER: Q So if you had raised that with anyone, how would you have done that? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A I may have. I don't recall. Q Why do you think you may have? A I just may have. I don't recall -- with the nature of the article and the monitoring and subject that was brought up many times. Q That would be a real concern, wouldn't it if oxycodone manufactured by Mallinckrodt was Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Communicated with -- over the telephone. I don't know if I -- I don't recall any e-mails that I may have sent. BY MR. LOESER: Q And why over the telephone and not e-mail? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A I don't know. I don't know. BY MR. LOESER: Q Do you have any specific recollection of raising this suspicion with anyone at Mallinckrodt? A No. (Whereupon, Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Becker- 012 was marked for identification by the reporter.) THE REPORTER: Number 12. BY MR. LOESER: Q You have in front of you what's been marked Exhibit 12. The document cover sheet because of the Native Format. The front cover indicates the document was produced in Native Format, and it attaches a PowerPoint presentation. The presentation does not have Bates numbers e-mail Bates number is MNK-T1 0002450579. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Meeting," "November 9, 2011." And did you have a national sales meeting every year? A Usually, yes. And if you look at this presentation, the title is "Specialty Generics National Sales Q And this says "COVIDIEN" at the top. A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q Is that the same as Mallinckrodt? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Covidien was the parent company of Mallinckrodt. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. Do you recall the 2011 National Sales Meeting? A Not the specifics of it. Q Let's turn the page -- A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q -- and the heading on that page says, What You Accomplished In FY11." Is that full year 11 or what is that for? A Fiscal year. MR. DAVISON: Objection. BY MR. LOESER: Q Fiscal year 11. And the last item on Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 there is "Performance regained senior management confidence." Do you know what that was about? A I have no idea what that actually means. You'd have to ask the person that wrote it. Q And the bar at the bottom says, "On behalf of Covidien & Pharmaceutical Sector Senior Management, Thank You!" So if look at those bullet points, it sounds like 2011 was a successful year for Mallinckrodt? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A It could have been. I don't recall. BY MR. LOESER: Q If you turn to the page that has the heading "Specialty Generic Product Families" A Yes, sir. Q -- do you see that? A Yes. Q There's a list of controlled substances here; do you see that? A Yes. Q And for each one, there's an indication of the specialty generic product family; do you see that? A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q And it indicates the "Generic Equivalent Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 of," and it lists what each of these is the generic equivalent of; do you see that? A Yes. Q And then the next column says, "Covidien Ranking August 11," so that's ranking among your competitors where the -- where your sales stand; is that right? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I would imagine that's the market share data. BY MR. LOESER: Q And in fact, the next column says, "Covidien Market Share August 11"; do you see that? A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q And then it goes on. It has "Covidien Net Sales" and other indications; do you see that? A Yes. Q So if you look at Oxycodone IR -- A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q -- which is the generic equivalent of Roxicodone, right? A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q This is shows that Covidien's ranking is number 1 out of 4; right? Do you see that? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 A Mm-hmm (affirmative). August 11th, at any rate, 51 percent of all of the oxycodone IR sold in the United States was sold by Mallinckrodt? A Correct. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q Do you see that? A I believe so, yes. Q Okay. And if you look at "Covidien Market Share August 11," Covidien/Mallinckrodt had 51 percent of the market share of Oxycodone IR. Q Does that sound right to you? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A You would have to ask the person that made this. BY MR. LOESER: Q Do you recall having conversations about Mallinckrodt's market share for the different generic products that it sold? A It would be discussed at various sales meetings, put together by product managers. You'd have to ask them that information. Q But what this suggests is that as of Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 BY MR. LOESER: Q And if you move down this list, for oxycodone APAP, how did you say that? A APAP. Q APAP, which is the generic equivalent Percocet, this shows that the Covidien market share as of August 11 was 37 percent? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q And Covidien, which again, Mallinckrodt's market share there is 67 percent? A Mm-hmm (affirmative). MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q So 67 percent all of the hydromorphone A Mm-hmm (affirmative). BY MR. LOESER: Q So 37 percent of all of the oxycodone APAP sold, as of August 11th, was sold by Mallinckrodt? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A According to this, yes. BY MR. LOESER: Q And if you go down much farther to "Hydromorphone," which is the generic equivalent of Dilaudid, Covidien ranking, 1 out of 4? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 sold in the United States, during the fiscal year 2011, was sold by Mallinckrodt? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Correct, according to this and what the product managers put together. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. So if you go to the next page, second bullet item says, "Sales forces - everyone was in the money," most between 100 to 115 percent. What does that mean? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I would imagine that must have something to do with quota. BY MR. LOESER: Q So everyone -- the sales force, that includes you, right? A Correct. Q So the sales force was, everyone's in the money, everyone was selling well? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Obviously. Correct. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. Let's go back up and look at the chart we were looking at a minute ago, and if you look at "Covidien Net Sales" -- Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 A Yep. Q Okay. So fiscal year 2011, the top selling product among all of Mallinckrodt's products, in terms of net sales, was hydrocodone APAP at 104.7 million; do you see that? Mallinckrodt, fiscal year 2011, was oxycodone IR MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Mm-hmm (affirmative). BY MR. LOESER: Q And that's an increase of volume, if you go further down, from 2010 to 2011? A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q And the second item, the second seller for at 75.1 million; do you see that? A Mm-hmm (affirmative). MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q And below that, oxycodone APAP at 56.6 million. A Mm-hmm (affirmative). MR. DAVISON: Objection. BY MR. LOESER: Q So those were the top selling -- this lists the top-selling Mallinckrodt products in fiscal year 2011? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 A I believe so. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q So when there's articles that discuss explosive sales of oxycodone, for example, in this time period, you know from this that 51 percent of all those sales are by Mallinckrodt? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. market share, it could be construed that way. BY MR. LOESER: Q That would be an accurate statement, right? A I didn't look at it that way, but based on MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I'm not certain it's an accurate statement. I didn't put this together. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. But assuming that the information in this table is accurate, it would be accurate to say that -- A If you poured it through a funnel, that would be an accurate statement. Q So if you're looking for the source of all of the oxycodone in the United States, Oxycodone IR, as of August 2011, you know that 51 percent of Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 it was sold by Mallinckrodt? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A According to this, yes. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. MR. DAVISON: We've been going another hour. Is now a good time for a break? MR. LOESER: Let me ask a few more questions about this exhibit, and then yes. MR. DAVISON: I'm sorry. I thought you were finished with it. BY MR. LOESER: Q Now, you're aware that in 2011 several of Mallinckrodt's major wholesale distributor clients had their licenses to sell controlled substances suspended by the DEA? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I recall that, but I don't recall specific dates. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. But do you recall that it was in 2011? A I don't recall the date, as I just stated. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Q So when you look at this November -- this is towards the end of 2011, November 9, 2011, sales meeting that talks about upbeat performance and sales being in the money, there's no reference anywhere to anyone being reprimanded for selling controlled substances to wholesale distributors whose licenses were suspended by the DEA; is that right? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I don't have a copy of what you're looking at. BY MR. LOESER: Q This is the exhibit we were just going through. Do you see any reference, anywhere in that exhibit, to anyone being reprimanded for selling controlled substances to wholesale distributors whose licenses were suspended by the DEA that year? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I don't see that I have the same document you have. Is this the page that you're looking at (indicating)? BY MR. LOESER: Q I believe it's the same document. A Okay. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Q Just flip through the whole document -- A Okay. It's this back page. Okay. Q Have you seen any reference in there? A Could you repeat the question? Q Is there any reference anywhere in this PowerPoint presentation about Mallinckrodt's successful full year 2011 about anyone being reprimanded for selling controlled substances to wholesale distributors whose licenses were suspended by the DEA? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A No, not that I see. BY MR. LOESER: Q And do you recall whether your senior management -- and there's a thing here, it says, "On behalf of Covidien & Pharmaceutical Sector Senior Management, Thank You," on page 2. A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q Do you recall anyone from senior management raising, as an issue, the problem of Mallinckrodt selling controlled substances to wholesale distributors whose licenses were suspended by the DEA -- MR. DAVISON: Objection. BY MR. LOESER: Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Q -- during this sales meeting? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A Not that I recall. MR. LOESER: Now is a fine time to take a break. MR. DAVISON: Okay. THE VIDEOGRAPHER: We are going off the record. The time is 11:47 a.m. (A recess was taken from 11:47 a.m. until 12:02 p.m.) THE VIDEOGRAPHER: We are back on the record. The time is 12:02 p.m. BY MR. LOESER: Q Mr. Becker, are you familiar with what a chargeback is? A Yes. Q Can you please explain to me what a chargeback is? A Chargeback is a form of recording sales transactions where a product is sold into the wholesaler at one cost, sold to the end user at another cost, and it's a difference between the two that -- it's paid back, and to the wholesaler, is the best I can explain. Q And so when the end user -- and by that, I Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Mallinckrodt is negotiating directly with the indirect customer? A No. Q And do chargebacks provide an incentive to Mallinckrodt's distributor clients to sell Mallinckrodt drugs? A No. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q But they do prevent Mallinckrodt's wholesale distributor customers from losing money when it sells to a downstream customer at a price that's lower than the price that the distributor purchased from Mallinckrodt? think you mean indirect customer? A Correct. Q Same thing. Who negotiates the price with the end user where a chargeback is required? A If it's a independent drugstore, is that what you're referring to? Q Right. A Independent drugstore, that would be up to the distributor or the wholesaler that would set the prices. Q And are there circumstances where Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 when a chargeback is required. So -- well, let me Mallinckrodt? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A It's a transaction record. BY MR. LOESER: Q And I want to make sure I understand in terms of the timing. Mallinckrodt sets a price with its wholesale distributor, that's the first transaction, and then the wholesale distributor sets a price with the downstream customer. Is that a transaction that happens after that? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Could you repeat that? BY MR. LOESER: Q Yeah. I just want to try to understand just ask you that way. When does a wholesale distributor get a chargeback payment from A When they submit the chargeback data. Q Okay. And a chargeback is required when the downstream customer purchases the drug from the wholesale distributor -- A Correct. Q -- at a price that's lower than what the wholesale distributor paid Mallinckrodt for the product? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 A Correct. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q And the downstream customers that -- for these chargeback transactions can be pharmacies; is that correct? A Correct. Q And can they be pain clinics? A Possibly, if they have a pharmacy license, DEA license to sell product, a pain clinic can -- can be a pharmacy. Q And then the data about the transaction, the sale from the distributor to the downstream customer, that data is reported to Mallinckrodt by the wholesale distributor; is that correct? A Correct. Q And that data is, then, collected into what's referred to as the chargeback system? A I believe so. Q And was Mallinckrodt able to exercise control over who its downstream customers were through the chargeback system? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q Do you understand what I mean by that? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249
A: I don't understand what you mean by that. How would we exercise control through chargebacks? The chargeback system is just a way to track sales transactions and reimburse distributors for price differences.

Q Well, if Mallinckrodt didn't want a particular downstream customer to receive its products, couldn't Mallinckrodt refuse to honor chargebacks for sales to that customer?

That's not how it works. We don't sit there approving or rejecting individual chargebacks based on who the end customer is. The chargeback system processes transactions automatically based on contracts and pricing agreements.

Q But theoretically, if Mallinckrodt wanted to prevent a particular pharmacy or pain clinic from getting its products, it could refuse to pay chargebacks for sales to that entity, couldn't it?

You'd have to ask product monitoring or whoever handled the chargeback processing about that. I wasn't involved in deciding which chargebacks got paid or rejected.
   Δ: C▼0.021 A▲0.017
   ⚡ WITNESS COMBATIVE — agreeableness 0.10 · rigidity 0.73

[Turn 4]
Q: Did you ask them why? A I don't recall asking why, but I'm assuming that it had to do with possible pharmacies that were diverting. Q And then the e-mail goes on to say -- state, "Steve asked HD Smith how they identified these accounts and HD Smith noted the following." Do you see that list of bullet points? A Yes. Q Can you read the first one? A CII ratio to normal non scheduled products. Q Can you explain to me the significance of that? A I believe that -- I can't speak for wholesalers, but I believe that they had ratios, numbers that they looked at on -- a ratio of scheduled products versus nonscheduled products in their orders from, for example, Steve's Pharmacy, and that was one of the criteria that they would look at and investigate in their process of suspicious order monitoring. Q And so if the ratio was skewed in favor of controlled substances, that would be an indication of something that was potentially suspicious? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Potentially. BY MR. LOESER: Q Can you read the second bullet? A "If the pharmacy was closed door servicing just physicians." Q And what does that mean? A That means that it's a closed door pharmacy, servicing the physician marketplace. Q And why was that something that was utilized by HD Smith to identify suspicious customers? A You'd have to -- MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A -- ask HD Smith that particular question. BY MR. LOESER: Q Do you have any understanding of why? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I believe it would be a flag for them, on suspicious orders, due to the nature of the problem in Florida with dispensing physicians. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. Can you read the next bullet point? A "Large pharmacies with excess orders." Q And can you explain why that would be a Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 reason to identify customers as suspicious? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Well, possibility of the size of the pharmacy in correlation with the size of their orders. BY MR. LOESER: Q And what does that mean? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Just what I stated. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. How does that correlation indicate the possibility of something being suspicious? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A Large pharmacies place large orders. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. And this says, "excess orders." Do you have an understanding of what that means? A It could be an excess of what their averages are. Q Okay. And what about -- can you read the next bullet? A "No physician sales." Q And what's the significance of that? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Well, I would imagine that HD Smith would Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 be aware -- they would be aware of physician sales, and they would question physician sales. BY MR. LOESER: Q They were suspicious of dispensing physician's -- A I can't -- I can't speak for HD Smith. Q Okay. Well, did you speak to them, so did you get any further information that you recall?
A: I don't recall getting more detail beyond what's listed here. This was just HD Smith explaining their criteria to me when I asked how they identified these accounts.

Q Can you read the last bullet point?

A "Cash paying customers."

Q And what's the significance of that as a criteria for identifying suspicious customers?

Cash transactions can be a red flag because they're harder to track and could indicate someone trying to avoid leaving a paper trail. But again, you'd have to ask HD Smith specifically about their reasoning.

Q So HD Smith was sharing with you the criteria that they used to identify potentially suspicious customers?

That's what it appears to be, yes.

Q And did you share this information with anyone else at Mallinckrodt?

I don't recall specifically who I may have shared it with. This kind of information would typically be something product monitoring would be interested in knowing about.

Q But you don't have a specific recollection of forwarding this information to product monitoring?

No, I don't have a specific recollection of that.
   ⚡ WITNESS COMBATIVE — agreeableness 0.11 · rigidity 0.73

[Turn 5]
Q: it states, "Maintaining our presence as primary on the 2011 bid is our biggest issue we face due to our inability to supply products for Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 the remainder of the year." Can you explain to me what that's about? A We're obviously -- I believe we were having backorder situations at the time that were point, "Overcome the DEA product quota issues to maintain sales in 2011." Can you tell me what that refers to? A It's obvious, that would appear to me that we had DEA quota issues to manufacture a product. Q What does that mean? A Do you understand how the DEA assigns quota for manufacturing products? Q Go ahead and explain it to me. A You didn't answer me, though. Do you understand it? impacting our sales and our ability to fill the orders for the OptiSource members. Q And do you recall whether those backorder issues were, in particular, with regard to oxycodone? A No, I don't. Q If you look further down, first bullet Q I would like you to explain it. MR. DAVISON: Objection. A Okay. The DEA sets a quota on raw Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 material for manufacturing purposes. That starts with the raw material with -- where quota is. So the manufacturer of the raw ingredient, oxycodone, manu -- the one that manufactures the oxycodone for the pharmaceutical end gets a quota, and you can only -- it only goes so far. Then on top of it, the pulse of the manufacturer gets a quota on the product. So we're only allowed quota to manufacture so much product. That's basically what that all means there. BY MR. LOESER: Q So you used up all your quota? MR. DAVISON: Objection.
A: We were having issues with our DEA quota, yes. Whether we used it all up or there were other problems with it, I can't say specifically. But it was impacting our ability to manufacture enough product to meet demand.

Q And that was affecting your ability to maintain your position as primary supplier on contracts?

Right. If you can't supply the product, customers are going to look elsewhere. They need their orders filled.

Q Was this a common problem for Mallinckrodt during the time you worked there?

We had supply issues from time to time throughout my career, but I can't tell you how often quota specifically was the problem versus manufacturing issues or raw material shortages.

Q But in 2011, it was specifically a DEA quota issue?

That's what this document appears to say, but you'd have to ask manufacturing or whoever dealt with the DEA quota applications about the specifics.
   ⚡ WITNESS COMBATIVE — agreeableness 0.11 · rigidity 0.73

[Turn 6]
Q: So what does that mean? A Increased compliance means on a source program, you have primary A products, B would be secondary products. You could have shifted from the B slot and moved to the A slot, which means more of your account -- more of the people will automatically be shipped your primary A product than you would be on the B product. So in regards to this, if we moved into that primary position or there was a change in the source program, we would basically be seeing increased compliance towards their source program. Q Okay. I think I understand what you just said; but based upon the description that Ms. Myers gave here, increased compliance was something that Mallinckrodt did to make sure that a wholesale distributor customer was purchasing up to the amount that they said they were going to purchase? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A No, that's -- BY MR. LOESER: Q Let's look at her explanation again. "When we offer a price, we ask for the estimated Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 quantity that they will purchase. If they don't purchase close to the amount they estimated, we encourage them to do that, or their price may not remain the same." A Correct. Q Okay. So that's consistent with what I just said, correct? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A It is -- I think in looking at this when you -- you're aware of how the contracts and source programs work; are you not? BY MR. LOESER: Q Let's just move on and try and get this answer. A Well, I'm trying to answer the question. Q Why don't you go ahead and explain what you think I need to understand. A I just -- a wholesaler working for their source program to get the A slot, they give you a quantity of products that they hope to sell on that -- on their source program for the year. So compliance within that program means keeping their orders should fall into that number to meet the average that they stated. Q Right. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 A Hopefully I explained it properly for you. Q Yes, that's consistent with what she wrote here. And so when the sales department is using BY MR. LOESER: BY MR. LOESER: A That's what -- that I think is what she's referring to here. Q Okay. And so when -- the word "increased compliance," as you've done in your e-mail, what you're talking about is making sure that customers are ordering basically up to the amounts that they indicated they would order? MR. DAVISON: Objection.
A: That's correct. Increased compliance means we're working with the customer to make sure they're purchasing closer to what they committed to when we gave them their pricing. If they don't meet their commitments, their pricing could change.

Q And that would be something that you, as a national account manager, would be responsible for monitoring and encouraging?

Yes, that would be part of my job - making sure customers were meeting their purchase commitments under their contracts.

Q And if they weren't complying, you would reach out to them and encourage them to increase their purchases?

Right. We'd work with them to understand why they weren't hitting their numbers and encourage them to get back on track with their commitments.

Q And was this something that was tracked on a regular basis?

Product managers would track compliance numbers, and we'd get reports on how our accounts were performing against their commitments.

Q And if compliance was low, that could affect the customer's pricing going forward?

Yes, as Ms. Myers explained, if they don't purchase close to what they estimated, their price might not remain the same.
   ⚡ WITNESS COMBATIVE — agreeableness 0.11 · rigidity 0.74

[Turn 7]
Q: And if they don't do that (Reporter clarification.) A Up to their commitment. Q And if they don't do that, then they may not get as favorable pricing going forward? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A That could happen. (Whereupon, Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Becker- 023 was marked for identification by the reporter.) THE REPORTER: Number 23. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 BY MR. LOESER: Q Mr. Becker, you've been handed what's been marked Exhibit 23. A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q This again is an e-mail string. This time the cover page Bates number MNK-T1 0002940658. The string starts with a message from Karen Harper dated July 13th, 2010, to you. The subject is, "RE: Oxycodone HCL"; is that correct? A Correct. Q If we go to the beginning of the string, you receive an e-mail from Christine Maiolo, who is at Anda; is that correct? A Correct. Q And Anda is one of your wholesale distributor clients? A Correct. Q And Christine Maiolo says to you, "Steve, I just got your message. You're still in a secondary position, but usage has picked up since we brought you in 3 months ago. New forecast- 15mg- 3,000 a month, 30mg- 11,000 a month." And these -- the "15" and the "30" refers to oxycodone HCL? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 secondary position, that means that they are also buying from another manufacturer who is the primary position? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A Correct. BY MR. LOESER: Q And you then above the e-mail from Ms. Maiolo, e-mail Jim Rausch and Karen Harper, July 13, 2010, at 8:38 a.m. The subject line is, "Oxycodone HCL," importance is "High"; do you see that? A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q And you write, "Dear Team, Mallinckrodt is in the secondary position on the Anda Source program, with Qualitest being primary. Anda's A Correct. BY MR. LOESER: Q And the "3,000" refers to the number of bottles? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Correct. BY MR. LOESER: Q As does the "11,000"? A I believe so, yes. Q And when she says that you're still in the Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 initial purchases were 3 months ago. "Since bringing in the Oxycodone products sales have increased significantly with Anda. Mallinckrodt is the markets preferred product and Anda continues to build their business with non-warehousing chain tied to their CSOC program"; do you see that? A Yes. Q And then you indicate the number of bottles of oxycodone that Anda wants to purchase? A Yes. Q Can you explain to me what you mean by "Mallinckrodt is the markets preferred product"? A We were the preferred product by pharmacies purchasing our product based on our color, our shape of our product. Q What do you mean by "color"? A Color of the tablet. Q The blue tablet? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A Could be. BY MR. LOESER: Q Is that your recollection, that they were blue? A I don't recall what color they were. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Q And people liked taking blue tablets? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A Not necessarily like blue tablets. A generic company when they come out with a generic product, one of their objectives in manufacturing when they come -- bring that product to the market front is to resemble as close as possible to the innovator product, in color and shape, is one of the primary goals of a manufacturer when bringing a product forward. I don't know if that's the case with our oxycodone, but we were the preferred product of oxycodone, I believe, in the marketplace. BY MR. LOESER: Q And the innovator of oxycodone was who? MR. DAVISON: Objection.
A: I don't recall specifically who the innovator was for oxycodone.

Q But when you say that Mallinckrodt is the market's preferred product, you're saying that pharmacies and patients preferred Mallinckrodt's version over competitors?

Right. Our product was preferred in the marketplace - whether that was because of the color, shape, or other characteristics that made it more similar to what people were used to getting.

Q And was this preference something that you were aware was driving increased demand for Mallinckrodt's oxycodone?

It could be a factor, yes. When pharmacies and patients prefer your product, that can drive more sales.

Q And when you mention "non-warehousing chain tied to their CSOC program," what does that refer to?

CSOC - I believe that refers to some kind of contract program that Anda had with certain pharmacy chains. The non-warehousing part means these were pharmacies that didn't warehouse products themselves but got them through the distributor.

Q And this increased demand for oxycodone that you're reporting to your team - this was in July 2010?

That's what the email shows, yes.
   ⚡ WITNESS COMBATIVE — agreeableness 0.12 · rigidity 0.74

[Turn 8]
Q: -- goes to you and a number of other people as well; is that right? A Yes. Q And the people that are included on here are national account managers? A Yes, and product managers. Q And product managers. And the subject is "Backorder Priority customers," right? A Correct. Q And if you turn the page, there's an e-mail from Ms. Keeven and she writes, "Hi Everyone, Attached is a list of our customers and the priority in which we have been shipping backorders. The first tab 'Class of Trade' lists the customers and their class of trade in the order of which we ship. The second tab product family' is broken out by product family" -- and I'll skip. And then it says, "The third tab 'Not shipping Oxy 30' lists the customers were are currently not shipping Oxy 30 mg and their average demand." Do you see that? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Yes. BY MR. LOESER: Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Q Okay. Do you recall receiving this --
A: Yes, I recall getting emails about backorder priorities, but I don't specifically remember this particular one.

Q And do you see that there's a tab specifically for customers that Mallinckrodt was "not shipping Oxy 30" to?

I see that's what it says here, yes.

Q Does that refresh your recollection about Mallinckrodt making decisions not to ship oxycodone 30 milligram to certain customers?

I don't recall the specific details, but if we weren't shipping to certain customers, that would have been a decision made by product monitoring or management, not by sales.

Q But you were copied on this email that lists customers that Mallinckrodt was not shipping Oxy 30 to?

That's what this shows, but I don't recall the specifics of why those decisions were made or which customers were on that list.

Q Was this something that was discussed among the national account managers?

I don't specifically recall discussions about this particular email or list.
   ⚡ WITNESS COMBATIVE — agreeableness 0.12 · rigidity 0.74

[Turn 9]
Q: -- followed by "Mail Order"
A: I see that. "Mail Order" would be another class of trade category.

Q And what does "Mail Order" refer to as a class of trade?

Mail order pharmacies - those are pharmacies that ship medications directly to patients through the mail rather than operating physical storefronts.

Q And where does that fall in the priority order for shipping backorders?

According to this, it looks like Mail Order comes after some other categories, but I'd have to look at the specific document to tell you exactly where it falls in the priority list.

Q And why would there be different priorities for different classes of trade when Mallinckrodt had backorders?

You'd have to ask product management about their reasoning for setting those priorities. I assume it had to do with business considerations about which customers were most important to keep supplied.

Q But as a national account manager, did you have input into those priority decisions?

No, I didn't set those priorities. That was handled by product management and whoever made those allocation decisions.
   ⚡ WITNESS COMBATIVE — agreeableness 0.12 · rigidity 0.74

[Turn 10]
Q: -- and on down the list.
A: Right, I see the list continues down with different classes of trade and their priority levels.

Q And do you recall what criteria Mallinckrodt used to determine the priority order for shipping backorders?

I don't recall the specific criteria. That would have been determined by product management or whoever handled the allocation decisions.

Q But you can see from this list that different types of customers got different priority treatment when products were backordered?

Yes, that's what this shows - there's clearly a priority system in place for how backorders were filled.

Q And as a national account manager, would this priority system affect how you managed your customer relationships?

It could, because if my customers were lower on the priority list, they'd be waiting longer for their orders to be filled. But I didn't have control over where they fell in the priority order.

Q Did you ever have customers complain about not getting their backorders filled quickly enough?

Customers would complain when they couldn't get product, sure. That's normal when there are supply shortages.
   ⚡ WITNESS COMBATIVE — agreeableness 0.12 · rigidity 0.74

[Turn 11]
Q: But I did misspeak, "GPO" and "Repackagers" are below "Distributors." What are GPOs? A GPO's are like managed care account. Q And what are repackagers? A Repackagers would be somebody that would purchase Mallinckrodt product, put it under their label, for -- normally that product would be used in a nursing home setting, so they would repackage product as unit of use or unit dose. Q Okay. (Whereupon, Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Becker- 029 was marked for identification by the reporter.) THE REPORTER: Number 29. BY MR. LOESER: Q Mr. Becker, you've been handed Exhibit 29, which is an e-mail from you to Chrissy Madden dated April 11, 2001 (sic), subject line is, "RE: Oxy 30." Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 And if you look down at the bottom, it starts with an e-mail from Ms. Madden, who is at Masters, to you on April 7, 2011; subject, "Oxy 30." She writes, "We are out. Any chance of getting some shipped asap? I know you are allocating just don't want to sub with kvk"? So -- MR. DAVISON: Can we just hold on for one second so I can review the document. I don't think you have a copy for us. MR. LOESER: Oh, I'm sorry. THE WITNESS: (Handing.) MR. DAVISON: (Reviewing.) MR. LOESER: Can we go off the record for a minute. THE VIDEOGRAPHER: Going off the record. The time is 3:27 p.m. (A recess was taken from 3:27 p.m. until 3:28 p.m.) THE VIDEOGRAPHER: We are back on the record. Time is 3:28 p.m. A Number 029. BY MR. LOESER: Q Mr. Becker, you have in front of you Exhibit 29, which again is an e-mail string that Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 starts from Ms. Madden at Masters to you. She indicates that Masters is out of oxy. And she writes, "I know you're allocating just don't want to sub with kvk." Can you explain what she means by that? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A KVK was competitor and didn't want to substitute our orders evidently. BY MR. LOESER: Q So she's saying to you that basically if you don't get her the product that she needs, she'll go to another manufacturer for the product? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A It's what it looks like, yes. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. And then you write a response to her above that and you write, "Dear Chrissy, The update I last sent you still holds and we do not have any product available to ship. "Please note that the Oxycodone 30mg will continue to have rolling back orders through the spring." And again is that because Mallinckrodt had sold out of all of the oxy 30 that it had at that point? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A There may have been a manufacturing issue or there could have been quota issues with this particular product. I don't recall. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. But whatever it was, Mallinckrodt did not have the product to deliver to Masters, right? A Not to Masters evidently. Q And you write, "We at Mallinckrodt apologize for the inconvenience that we have caused in our service level to Masters and I will keep you updated on availability." A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q So were you concerned at all at that point in April of 2011 about the amount of oxy 30 that Masters was ordering from Mallinckrodt? A I don't recall. MR. DAVISON: Objection. (Whereupon, Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Becker- 030 was marked for identification by the reporter.) THE REPORTER: Number 30. BY MR. LOESER: Q Mr. Becker, you have in front of you Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Exhibit 30, which is an e-mail chain, top of which is an e-mail from you to Charity Keeven, dated May 4th, 2011; subject, "RE: OXYCODONE 30MG." Let's flip to the back of that chain. Do you see Tom Donohue from Value Drug sends you an e-mail on April 28th, 2011; subject, "OXYCODONE 30." And he writes, "Steve, Need an update on Oxycodone 30mg. Would McKesson have this stock? I haven't had for roughly 6 to 8 weeks"; do you see that? A Which page is it? Q Very last page. A Oh, yes. I see that. Q Okay. And you see your response you send on to Ms. Keeven, you've attached the e-mail from your wholesale distributor --
A: Yes, I see that I forwarded Tom Donohue's email to Charity Keeven.

Q And Value Drug, that was one of your customers?

Value Drug - I'm not certain if they were a direct customer of mine or if they were purchasing through McKesson. Based on Tom's question about whether McKesson would have stock, it sounds like they may have been an indirect customer.

Q And Tom Donohue is asking you for an update on when oxycodone 30 milligram would be available?

That's what his email says, yes.

Q And he indicates that he hasn't had any for roughly 6 to 8 weeks?

Right, that's what he wrote.

Q And you forwarded this request to Charity Keeven, who was in product management?

Yes, I forwarded it to her to get information about availability.

Q Was this typical - that you would get requests from customers about when backordered products would be available and then you'd forward those to product management?

Yes, when customers asked about product availability and I didn't have the information, I'd reach out to the appropriate people who would know the manufacturing schedules and allocation decisions.
   ⚡ WITNESS COMBATIVE — agreeableness 0.13 · rigidity 0.75

[Turn 12]
Q: -- client. And you write, "Charity, Value Drug is in need of Oxycodone 30mg. Can we send them some so they can service some of their accounts that use McKesson"; do you see that? A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q And then up above that at 12:05 on the same day, she responds, "Hi Steve, Unfortunately we are in such short supply right now that we have Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 to stick with the original prioritization of customers for Oxy 30. Value Drug was on the list of customers that we planned to not ship during this time." A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q Do you recall why Value Drug was on the list to not ship as of that time? A No, I don't. Q And do you see moving up that chain on April 29th at 9:04 you send an e-mail to Ms. Keeven, cc to Jane Williams; the subject is "OXYCODONE 30MG"? "Any update, I request that you take some product from the HD Smith allocations and send them some product on Oxycodone 30"; do you see that? A Yes. Q Do you recall why you asked for that to happen? A I don't recall specifically why I asked that, but it was obviously a allocated product. And with my accounts, I would look at accounts if we could take product that was being allocated to one account, ship it to another account. Q Okay. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 A And that's obvious. It appears that's what I was doing. Q So there was -- again Mallinckrodt did not have enough product to keep all of its customers happy? MR. DAVISON: Objection. Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q Is that fair? A It appears that way. Q They needed more oxy 30 than Mallinckrodt had on hand to provide? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A It appears that way. BY MR. LOESER: Q If you move up chain, there's an e-mail from Jane Williams to Charity Keeven and to you. And again, this is all attached. It's one long string. This is on April 29th at 9:28 a.m. And Ms. Williams writes, "Hi Steve, I put a recommendation out to Charity and Lisa yesterday copying Ginger. It was more of an ongoing philosophy. "As it relates to this specific situation with HD Smith. You are aware of the extremely Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 limited supply we have available. We have not made a change to our allocation process or the priority customers as of this moment in time." And then skipping down below, it says, "Charity and Lisa, with this message I am requesting that we make a small amount of product available to Value Drug and take the allocation from Cardinal. By small I mean no more than 60 bottles"; do you see that? A Yes, I do. Q Okay. And then if you move forward, there's an e-mail from Ms. Keeven to you and to others, continuing in this string, May 4, 2011, 11:56 a.m. And she writes, "Hi Steve, I just saw your e-mail regarding Value Drug and Oxy 30... Have they received the 60 bottles I allocated to them Friday? Is this in addition to that," right? A I see that, yes. Q Okay. And moving up you respond, "Yes they got the 60. I know we are under" -- I think you meant to say "severe"; but it says, "I know we are under serve stains but OptiSource accounts are pushing me hard to delivery. As you can see in the e-mails, this one and Rochester Drug other accounts serviced by the big 3 are getting Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 products and the pharmacies are starting" -- "stating" but I think you meant "starting that they will change wholesalers. "We are now hurting the OptiSource wholesalers as accounts are looking to move their business." So here again it appears that your customers are growing quite upset that you don't have enough oxy to satisfy all their demands; is that right? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Yes. BY MR. LOESER: Q And do you recall why, what's going on with the big three and why they are able to provide product when -- A They were allocated a higher amount of product based on their use. Q And then moving up, Ms. Keeven responds to you on May 4th, 2011, at 12:16, "Steve, I am happy to send whatever is needed to keep the business, I just wanted to make sure it was in addition and Friday's allocation was not overlooked. It appears that Value Drug has 1908 bottles on order. I can ship around 500 bottles in case quantity. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Would that be all right?" Do you see that? A Yes, I do. Q And then moving to the next page you respond, "Yes please ship." A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q Right? And then moving up from there there's confirmation from Ms. Keeven that "492 bottles out of the 900 order" -- "out of the 900 ordered has been allocated to their order and scheduled to ship overnight." Okay. A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q So in this exchange, if we go all the way back to the beginning it starts with your customer indicating to you that they need oxy 30; is that right? A Correct. Q And you were told that they weren't allowed to have any because none was going to be allocated to them, right? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A Correct. BY MR. LOESER: Q After sending e-mail back and forth with Ms. Keeven and others, the decision was made to ship 60 bottles, even though they weren't Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 from Jane Williams to you dated August 31st, 2012; Subject, "RE Smith Drug Hydro/Apap SOM inquiry"; do you see that? A Yes. Q So if you go to the beginning of this string, you'll see at the bottom of the first page there's an e-mail from Eileen Spaulding to Jennifer Bullerdick. And it states, "Jennifer, 3 orders have allocated any in the first place; is that right? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Correct. BY MR. LOESER: Q And then after further exchange, instead of 60 bottles -- or in addition to 60 bottles, another 492 bottles were shipped to the client; is that right? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A That's correct. (Whereupon, Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Becker- 031 was marked for identification by the reporter.) THE REPORTER: Number 31. BY MR. LOESER: Q You have Exhibit 31. This is an e-mail Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 gone on hold for SOM review for Smith Drug for Hydro/Apap 7.5 and 10"--I'm skipping some of the numbers--"for their different DC's. The orders placed are significantly higher than their past ordering history even taking account" -- "even taking into account that they might be ordering today for next week due to the Labor Day holiday. "Can you provide any additional information for use in the SOM review?" Do you see that? A Yes, I do. Q And HD Smith was -- or Smith Drug was your customer; is that right? A Correct. Q And so you were then e-mailed by Ms. Bullerdick on August 31st, 2012, at 12:18. I'm sorry. Below that at 10:55 a.m. She writes, "Steve - the following orders were flagged due to the increased quantity of the order compared to their historical demand. "Please have them cancel these orders and resubmit." Do you see that? A Yes. Q And can you read your response to Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Ms. Bullerdick in the e-mail above that? A "Jennifer, I am not having the orders cancelled. I will contact the buyer and find out the reason for the increase." Q Okay. So who is Jennifer Bullerdick? A She's a product manager. Q Okay. So the product manager told you to cancel the order because it had been identified as in the SOM inquiry; is that right? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A They were cancelling the order. BY MR. LOESER: Q Right. And your response was you told her that you would not cancel the order; is that right? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A I didn't want the order cancelled. I wanted to investigate why there is an increase with the people at Smith Drug. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. And do you recall whether you investigated why there was an increase? A I can't recall. Q Do you recall what information, if any, you obtained from Smith Drug? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A This particular incident, I don't recall. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. So this is another example, though, of an order that came up as being potentially suspicious where the call went out to you to collect the information necessary to determine whether the order should ship or not; is that right? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A Yes. MR. LOESER: Can we go off the record? THE VIDEOGRAPHER: We are going off the record. The time is 3:40 p.m. (A recess was taken from 3:40 p.m. until 3:54 p.m.) THE VIDEOGRAPHER: We are going back on the record. The time is 3:54 p.m. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay? A Yeah. Q So during 2009 and 2010, as we saw, your sales increased substantially, wouldn't you say? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A It appears that way. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 BY MR. LOESER: Q And in particular, your sales of oxycodone, for most of your customers, was the leading product that you sold; is that right? BY MR. LOESER: Q Mr. Becker, in 2011, the amount of oxycodone you were able to sell decreased; is that right? MR. DAVISON: Objection to form.
A: I don't recall specifically whether my oxycodone sales decreased in 2011 compared to prior years. As I mentioned before, I didn't track those kinds of year-over-year comparisons in detail.

Q But we saw from the documents that there were significant backorder issues with oxycodone in 2011, correct?

Yes, there were backorder situations with oxycodone products during that time period.

Q And when products are backordered, that means you can't sell as much as customers want to buy, right?

That's correct. When we're backordered, we can't fulfill all the demand.

Q So wouldn't that necessarily mean that your sales of oxycodone would have been lower than they otherwise would have been?

It could mean that, yes. If we couldn't supply what customers wanted to order, then sales would be constrained by our ability to manufacture and supply the product.

Q And you recall from the documents we looked at that customers were complaining about not being able to get the oxycodone they needed?

Yes, customers were frustrated when they couldn't get product to meet their needs.
   ⚡ WITNESS COMBATIVE — agreeableness 0.13 · rigidity 0.75

[Turn 13]
Q: distributor customers of yours. their orders directly. They were done by computer electronically. BY MR. LOESER: Q Well, as we saw from your background reports, you carefully tracked the type of drug that they purchased from you and the amount, correct? A Correct. Q And you carefully tracked the dollars that they paid you for those drugs? A Correct. Q And you saw the order in terms of which drugs they purchased more of and which they Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 purchased less of? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A Correct. BY MR. LOESER: Q And you saw the ratio of oxycodone, for example, to the other drugs that they purchased from you? A I didn't look at ratios. MR. DAVISON: Objection. BY MR. LOESER: Q But in the tables that you prepared, you could easily determine the ratio, right? A If you wanted to, yes. MR. DAVISON: Objection. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. And you didn't do any of that? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A I didn't look at ratios, no. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. And in the chargeback system, at any point in time you could have asked for information on where the product you sold to these entities was shipped -- MR. DAVISON: Objection. BY MR. LOESER: Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 BY MR. LOESER: Q Did you ever talk to Mr. Borelli about his customer, KeySource Medical? A When the account was turned over to me, I most likely did. Q And did you discuss with him the nature of KeySource's business and types of products that it tended to buy? A I believe we probably reviewed that. Q -- isn't that right? A I could have, yes. Q And you never once did that? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A I had no reason to on this particular account. BY MR. LOESER: Q And you didn't do that for any account, did you? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A Not to my recollection. Q And do you recall what you learned from that? A No, I don't. Q Did you ever monitor any of the KeySource sales or see any reports? Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 A Just the basic reports that we've looked at and product backgrounders, doing business reviews, things of that nature. Q So for KeySource as well, did you see information indicating the proportion of their purchases that were oxycodone versus other products? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A You could look at it that way, yes. BY MR. LOESER: Q Okay. And did you see the -- did you ever examine the extent to which KeySource sent its product to Florida versus other locations? A No, I did not. Q Did you ever talk to Mr. Borelli about that? A Not that I recall. Q Did you ever see the amount of oxycodone that KeySource purchased from Mallinckrodt? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A I may have, yes, in my various reports. (Whereupon, Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Becker- 038 was marked for identification by the reporter.) THE REPORTER: Number 38. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 BY MR. LOESER: Q Showing you what's been marked Exhibit 38, which is an e-mail from Chrissy Madden at Masters to you, dated June 10, 2011. And the subject is Ms. Madden sent you an article indicating that KeySource's medical KeySource Medical's license was suspended by the DEA; is that right? A That's correct. Q And this indicates, "The agency said "fyi," and she attaches an article that appears that it was in Money Magazine -- or -- A Mm-hmm (affirmative). Q -- no, I'm sorry, "wlwt.com money." I'm not sure what that is. And that article title is "Local Drug Supplier's Controlled Drug License Suspended"; do you see that? A Yes, I do. Q And so on this date, on June 10, 2011, KeySource Medical has been the subject of a DEA investigation that alleges the company was selling large quantities of controlled substances to pharmacies, primarily in Florida"; is that right? A Correct. Q Down below, it says, "The investigation Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 believe it means "KeySource Medical distributed products to customers in Florida between November were working at Mallinckrodt, you were fully aware of the amount of oxycodone that KeySource purchased from Mallinckrodt; is that right? A Yes. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q This goes on to state, "'Pharmaceutical drugs they sell don't end up in the hands of drug revealed that" -- it says "KeyStone," but I approximately 48 million dosage units of oxycodone 2008 and November 2010," correct? A Correct. Q And in the reports that you saw when you companies have a responsibility to ensure that the traffickers or businesses that are conducting their businesses illegally.'" Do you agree with that statement? A Yes. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. BY MR. LOESER: Q And it goes on to state, "'Prescription drug abuse in Florida, southern Ohio and northern Kentucky has risen to epidemic proportions.'" Do Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 in place, they should have been aware of it. BY MR. LOESER: Q And do you agree that if Mallinckrodt tracked all of that information to all of KeySource's sales, it also should have been aware of that? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A You'd have to ask Karen Harper that you agree with that statement -- MR. DAVISON: Objection. BY MR. LOESER: Q -- as of this time? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A As of this time, yes. BY MR. LOESER: Q And it states, "'And KeySource Medical should have known based on the large, frequent quantities, that their customers were diverting oxycodone into arenas that were not legitimate.' Do you agree that KeySource should have known that? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A If they had a product monitoring program question. BY MR. LOESER: VI Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 Q You worked in this industry for a long time. What's your understanding of that? MR. DAVISON: Objection.
A: Look, if a company is tracking where their products are going and they see large volumes going to areas with known diversion problems, they should be asking questions. That's just common sense in this business.

Q And Mallinckrodt had access to all that same information about where KeySource was shipping, correct?

We had access to chargeback data that showed where products were going, yes.

Q So if KeySource should have known about the diversion based on the large quantities going to Florida, wouldn't Mallinckrodt also have had reason to know?

You'd have to ask product monitoring about what they were tracking and what red flags they were looking for. That wasn't my area of responsibility.

Q But you agree that pharmaceutical companies have a responsibility to ensure their drugs don't end up in the hands of drug traffickers?

Of course. That's basic compliance responsibility.

Q And that responsibility would apply to Mallinckrodt as well as to KeySource?

Yes, it would apply to any pharmaceutical company.
   ⚡ WITNESS COMBATIVE — agreeableness 0.13 · rigidity 0.75

[Turn 14]
Q: in line 42? And it reflects a sale in Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 City pharmacy in Knoxville, Tennessee; do you see that? A Yes, I do. MR. DAVISON: Objection. BY MR. GASTEL: Q And then no sales for the rest of the year; do you see that? A Yes, I do. MR. DAVISON: Objection. BY MR. GASTEL: Q But then sales continue through AmerisourceBergen, as reflected on row 41; do you see that? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A Yes, I do. BY MR. GASTEL: Q And again the sales through July of 2011 of 45,600 oxy 30 pills into this Food AmerisourceBergen are 46,300; do you see that? A Yes, I do. MR. DAVISON: Objection. BY MR. GASTEL: Q So after Mallinckrodt shut off Masters in the summer of 2011, are you aware of any attempt by Mallinckrodt's sales department to undertake Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 any investigation regarding Masters' customers in Tennessee? A I don't know. MR. DAVISON: Objection to form. A That would have been Karen Harper's responsibility. BY MR. GASTEL: Q Do you know whether or not Karen Harper did anything? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A I do not know. You'd have to ask her specifically. BY MR. GASTEL: Q But she didn't talk to you about that at that time? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A About Food City? BY MR. GASTEL: Q Well, about any Masters customer in the state of Tennessee? A Not that I recall. Q And after Mallinckrodt shut off -- sorry. Strike that. Do you know whether the suspicious order monitoring team held any meetings with the sales Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 force to discuss Masters Pharmaceuticals' downstream customers moving to other Mallinckrodt wholesalers? A Not that I recall. MR. DAVISON: Objection. BY MR. GASTEL: Q Do you know how many people live in Seymour, Tennessee? A I don't. MR. DAVISON: Objection. BY MR. GASTEL: Q According to the United States Census Bureau, there's approximately 11,000 people who live there. Do you have any reason to dispute that? MR. DAVISON: Objection. A No. BY MR. GASTEL: Q Would it raise a red flag to you that Mallinckrodt, during the period reflected by this chargeback data, was selling what appears to be approximately 145,000 oxy 30 pills into Seymour, Tennessee? MR. DAVISON: Objection. MS. MCINTYRE: Objection. Source:  https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/hknv0249 A Repeat the question, please. BY MR. GASTEL: Q Would it raise a red flag to you that Mallinckrodt, during the period reflected by this chargeback data --
A: Wait, hold on. I can see the numbers you're pointing to, but I'm not adding them up myself. If you're telling me that 145,000 pills went into a town of 11,000 people, that does sound like a lot.

Q Would that raise a red flag to you as someone who worked in the pharmaceutical industry?

Look, I wasn't responsible for analyzing population-to-pill ratios or doing that kind of monitoring. That's what product monitoring was supposed to be doing.

Q But as someone with experience in the industry, would those numbers seem unusual to you?

Without knowing more about the area, the demographics, whether there were nursing homes or pain clinics, or what the medical needs were, I can't just look at raw numbers and make that determination.

Q But 145,000 pills of oxycodone 30 milligram going to a town of 11,000 people - does that seem like a normal amount to you?

It seems like a high number, but again, I don't know what the legitimate medical need was in that area. That's why we had product monitoring - to look at these things.
   ⚡ WITNESS COMBATIVE — agreeableness 0.13 · rigidity 0.75

[Turn 15]
Q: two and a half years after you've after Mallinckrodt suspended sales to Masters Pharmaceuticals for its failure to maintain effective controls against diversion, correct? A Mm-hmm (affirmative). MR. DAVISON: Objection. BY MR. GASTEL: Q Is that a "yes," sir? A Yes. Q And then do you see that according to this spreadsheet, there were--I'm trying to zoom in a little--83,800 pills sold to that Food City; do you see that?
A: I see numbers on this spreadsheet, but I'm having trouble reading the exact figures clearly from where I'm sitting. If you're telling me it shows 83,800 pills to that Food City, I'll accept that's what the document says.

Q And that's after Mallinckrodt had cut off Masters for diversion concerns, correct?

That's what you said, yes.

Q Does it concern you that the same pharmacy that was getting large quantities through Masters was able to continue getting large quantities through a different distributor after Mallinckrodt cut off Masters?

I wasn't involved in monitoring downstream customers or tracking where products went after we sold them to distributors. That would have been something for product monitoring to look at.

Q But as someone who worked in the industry, would that pattern concern you?

If the same suspicious activity was just moving from one distributor to another, that would seem to defeat the purpose of cutting off the first distributor. But I don't know what information product monitoring had about this specific situation.
   ⚡ WITNESS COMBATIVE — agreeableness 0.13 · rigidity 0.75
