Witness:  Art Morelli
Attorney: MR. Samson
Source:   MNKOI0004560401
============================================================

Q. Good morning, Mr. Morelli. Will you state your full name for the record, please.

Q. I've seen 3rd next to it sometimes. Are you a 3rd?

Q. Let me show you what's been marked as Exhibit 1 to your deposition. Have you seen this before? It's the notice of deposition.

Q. Okay. How many times have you been deposed before?

Q. Okay. We will talk about that a little later. Let's go over a couple of ground rules for depositions so that you and I can be sure we're on the same page; okay?

Q. First of all, even though this is an informal setting, you're under the same oath, have the same obligation to testify fully and accurately and truthfully as if we were in front of a court; do you understand that?

Q. Okay. You understand that what you say today can be -- will be taken down and put into a transcript form of your testimony, and that can be used in various ways throughout the lawsuit?

Q. Now, because of that, it's important that today isn't a bad day because of medication, personal stress, any other reason for you to pull up events from the past and tell us about them. Is today as good a day as any for that?

Q. So one very important fact is when lawyers ask witnesses in different pursuits, like your own, questions, it may not come across to you as understandable. Do you understand you're not under any obligation to try and guess what I'm asking you, but only what you understand?

Q. Therefore, if you don't understand the question, I will ask you to ask me to rephrase it, ask me a question, "Do you mean X or Y?" And I will be happy to do that. Will you take that opportunity?

Q. Okay. And as a corollary, if you answer a question without being confused and bringing it up to me, is it fair to assume that you understood the question?

Q. And one thing we haven't gotten into, but you're doing pretty well, you haven't done the "uh-huh" and "uh-uh" yet for "yes" and "no." But just so the record is clear, unlike ordinary conversation, when it's an affirmative or a positive, no head shrugs or shoulder shrugs. Answer audibly; okay?

Q. If I correct you, I am not persecuting you. It's only to remind you to get back into this mode of communication instead of what we all do every day.

Q. You can take a rest. It's not an endurance contest. Please just ask me, and we will take a break. The only corollary to that is if a question is pending, please answer that question and then say, "I'd like to take a break." Okay?

Q. Throw-away question. Have you ever been arrested or convicted of a felony?

Q. Turn to page 4 of Exhibit 1.

Q. And even though you didn't see this, you see that there were -- there's a section about requests for documents to be produced?

Q. Okay. And the first one is a copy of your current résumé or curriculum vitae.

Q. I received that this morning. So I take it --

Q. -- you did produce that to counsel?

Q. And then if you turn to the next page, request for production No. 2 are: All documents, including electronic data and email, in your possession related in any way to any defendants, manufacturer, marketing, sale, distribution, suspicious order monitoring and lobbying efforts, in connection with its opioid business . Did you look through your personal documents to make sure you didn't have any responsive documents to that request?

Q. Since you hadn't seen Request No. 2, I take it you have not made a search for any documents that might be responsive?

Q. Let me ask you to go ahead and look through whatever memorabilia you have, and this would include emails on other servers that you've had with anyone at Mallinckrodt or any of the other manufacturers of opioids, reminisces you may have written to sort of catalog your time in that area, or anything else, and present them to William, your counsel.

Q. And then he will see about getting them on to us; okay?

Q. Look at No. 3: All documents you have consulted or reviewed or plan to consult in preparation for your deposition and on which you will rely in any way during your deposition . Are there any such documents responsive to that request?

Q. That's one way.

Q. But since this is your personal documents --

Q. -- did you look through any bcx of old things at home and found documents and locked them over to prepare for your deposition?

Q. Okay. And it looks to me, from the records we received, that you left at the end of 2011, Mallinckrodt at least?

Q. And have you been in the opioid space in any professional endeavor since then?

Q. Okay. We will talk about that later.

Q. Again, if there's anything that you have privately, that you looked into to prepare for your deposition today, please go ahead and give it to William. Make a copy of it --

Q. -- and give it to him. You started to say that there might have been something?

Q. Okay. And what documents did you have at home that helped that process?

Q. When was the last time you worked in the opioid space?

Q. And what were you doing in the 2013, '14 range that was in the opioid space?

Q. And which were those companies?

Q. And what was Zogenics producing in the opioid space?

Q. A generic?

Q. What was the brand name?

Q. And who else?

Q. And is that a stand-alone company or --

Q. And what was their product in the opioid space?

Q. And, in your opinion, based on your experience in the industry, that setting, in a hospital I'm assuming it is --

Q. -- hospital or clinic with direct observation of dose taking, is that less of a risk for abuse, diversion, and some of the other problems with the opiates --

Q. -- than --

Q. -- drugs given out to patients who then take them on their own away from a clinic or hospital setting?

Q. And then any other companies?

Q. Like the person on watch?

Q. Okay. And what was their product?

Q. Okay. Did you have a difference of opinion about how to approach the opioid space from Sentynl's managing team?

Q. Okay. And what was that difference of opinion?

Q. Was it your suspicion in dealing with Sentynl that they were more interested in selling the product than assuring the safety of the product?

Q. And that is unacceptable to ycu in any manufacturer, distributor, or seller in the opioid space?

Q. What year was Zogenics, if you recall?

Q. Okay. In --

Q. I don't want to put words in your mouth. A year with each --

Q. -- or shorter period with each?

Q. Okay. Any -- any of the documents that you refreshed your recollection with, do you recall them specifically enough to describe them to me?

Q. You -- don't tell me the source. But if you recall an email of "X" date, you can tell me that's something that you looked at to refresh your recollection.

Q. Are you going to follow the instruction not to answer that part of it? I need to ask you that for the record. And then tell me about the ones that did not come from counsel that you recall looking at.

Q. Is -- is the map literally a map? A one page from a slide show? Or is it a presentation that shows how that system works?

Q. And was that for Zogenics or Xcellerex or Sentynl or all three?

Q. Okay. I take it that that slide show still exists in your possession?

Q. Well, the --

Q. Okay. Well, find whatever slides exist and provide them to William; okay?

Q. Any other specific documents not given to you by counsel that you recall reviewing to get back into the opioid space for your deposition today?

Q. Was that box and stick of map mitigation ever used at Mallinckrodt when you were there?

Q. Okay. Let me get back to, you told me you had been deposed one other time.

Q. When was that?

Q. And what did that -- why did you come to be deposed?

Q. Why did you come to be in a deposition.

Q. And that would have been Solstice?

Q. And Solstice was, as you said, bochalinum toxin?

Q. So did opiates come up in that deposition?

Q. What's your current work address?

Q. And who is your employer?

Q. And I take it from your earlier answers about opioid -- or opiate -- yeah, opioid involvement, the OSU Cancer Center is not for analgesia for cancer, but rather for actual treatment for the underlying condition?

Q. And what about Enlyton, same thing? No -- no opioid or analgesic effect, but simply projects that come up for whatever the medicines involved are?

Q. I saw -- let me show you, so you see the same thing I see.

Q. This is Exhibit 2 to your deposition. And that's just me Googling you.

Q. From Linkedln. And then another hit was with some outfit called Provident Partners.

Q. What is Provident Partners?

Q. And this had you on its page -- and I'm sorry I didn't copy it -- but as, "Art Morelli, expert in pharmaceutical finance." Does Provident Partners do anything with any kind of pharmaceuticals?

Q. Was that the light or the beeper on top of the bottles?

Q. And are you still involved with Provident Partners?

Q. Okay. What was your last date at Mallinckrodt or Covidien? I will use Mallinckrodt, but I mean, in your instance, based on where you were working, Covidien?

Q. I will go over some documents later. But if you will trust my memory.

Q. There's a document in mid November where you are telling your team, here's what we need to do from -- for the rest of the year --

Q. -- and now here's what we are going to do. And it was Exalgo-based in the next, you know, January through March. And then I saw an email saying, not good-bye, Art, but we loved seeing you, being with you, like in late December. Does that give you any guidance?

Q. But would the end of 2011, early 2012 be -- fit your memory of when you last worked there?

Q. Okay. Did you meet with counsel for Mallinckrodt to prepare for your deposition today?

Q. Okay. How many times?

Q. And were those phone or in person?

Q. Here in San Diego?

Q. And how long was the first meeting?

Q. And I trust you were shown documents at it?

Q. And then when was the second meeting?

Q. And in terms of timing, how long ago was the first meeting?

Q. And when you say "a day," an eight-hour session with counsel?

Q. And then yesterday, how long did you meet?

Q. Another eight hours?

Q. Were there any documents that you were shown in that, that refreshed your independent recollection of events back in the time frame?

Q. Which ones?

Q. But are you going to follow that instruction of your counsel?

Q. Other than counsel, in the time since you left Mallinckrodt, have you met or spoken with anyone about your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And this is a résumé that we received today.

Q. And is this something you did yourself, I take it?

Q. But it's current to the present?

Q. Okay. And both of these, 2 and 2-A, show that your degree was a B.A. in biology from Wabash College?

Q. What year?

Q. And since a B.S. in biology usually doesn't involve opioids, am I safe in saying that that wasn't a focus of your education at Wabash?

Q. Okay. And then on 2-A, your résumé, you say you did a business seminar for pharmaceutical executives at UCLA Business School, Los Angeles, California. When was that?

Q. Okay. And a seminar can extend from

Q. Okay. And taught at UCLA?

Q. And in the early '90s, did it have any focus on opioids?

Q. And was it -- since it was for pharmaceutical executives and also has business in the title, was it more on the business end of pharmaceutical industry?

Q. How one finds out if you're spending more to produce the product that you're selling --

Q. -- and that sort of thing?

Q. And then there's another, "Managing Global Opportunities, U.S. and China," at the Harvard Business School, a resident executive program. When did you take that?

Q. And, again, any focus or even mention of plaids in that program?

Q. And, again, length of time? Is that

Q. And was the focus on pharmaceutical -- when you hear China, you always think of American companies thinking of opening markets to the Chinese.

Q. Was that a focus of the program?

Q. And it was pharmaceutical based, though?

Q. And I may have asked you this. No opioid focus?

Q. And then I have seen your "Science-Based Approach to Risk Management" poster at Pain Week Meeting in 2010. And that would have been the founding event of C.A.R.E.S.? Did that come out in conjunction with it?

Q. When I used that term, since you picked it up that time without much trouble, I take it that will be -- if I say C.A.R.E.S., you will know I'm talking about the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance?

Q. All right. Now, let's go to your work background, which I think tracks pretty well between Exhibit 2, the Linkedln, and 2-A, the résumé. And both start with DuPont Pharmaceuticals in Wilmington, Delaware.

Q. What were the drugs, the pharmaceuticals that DuPont was selling in those days?

Q. Okay. And were you ever a detailer?

Q. Going out to physician offices?

Q. And in that detailing work, did you handle Percocet and Percodan?

Q. And the detailing side of marketing and/or sales, however the company divides it, is talking to the doctors and encouraging them tc write prescriptions for your company's products?

Q. Got it. But --

Q. You don't strike me as an imprudent gentleman.

Q. So that does not surprise me. But, basically, if you were -- were you not selling Percodan and Percocet at the start on the south side?

Q. And explaining to them, here are the uses of them, here is why they are better than competitive product?

Q. Okay. And that stayed true the whole time you were in the opioid space, was the package insert for indications is a line you can't cross in the detailing and marketing world?

Q. And then so, I take it, did you start sometime earlier than 1990, then?

Q. And how long were you in either that direct detailing end of things or still within pretty much ordinary marketing of existing product?

Q. And in the hospital district manager position in Florida, that would have been '89, roughly?

Q. And what does a hospital-based program rather than detailing at individual physicians' offices or clinics, what's the difference between those two?

Q. And in 1989 in Florida, when you were

Q. In your time there, was there a perception of an opioid epidemic in Florida and the surrounding states?

Q. And at that time, since you wculd have been familiar from your detailing work, was the general rule of prescription of plaids per need?

Q. Okay. And in the per-need era, there was amongst physicians a fairly -- strike that. Amongst physicians in that per-need period, wasn't it true that physicians were reluctant to prescribe opiates?

Q. And one of the effects of per-need dosing in general versus time contingent, is that in the per-need model, there will generally be less milligrams of active molecule going to a patient in a given period than when they are on it regular dose; true?

Q. Okay. And why did you leave -- were when you were in emerging markets

Q. -- was that Percodan and Percccet --

Q. -- or something else?

Q. Okay. And how about when you were Director of New Product Planning, was that opioid related or nonopioid?

Q. And then when you were Senior Director of Marketing, was that opioid or nonopioid?

Q. Okay. Had Percocet and Percodan gone elsewhere by then, or director of marketing just didn't do anything with them?

Q. And what was the new product?

Q. Anticoagulation?

Q. Okay. And then you went to Cardinal Health here in San Diego?

Q. In 2000?

Q. And what did you do after Cardinal Health?

Q. Okay. And would that lead -- was the hope that Cardinal, through a relationship, would have a direct relationship with new drug company that -- or new technology that came out and have a favored position?

Q. Okay. Was Cardinal distributing opioids when you were there from 2000 to 2002?

Q. And so from your -- from what you learned about opioids and how they were being used, et cetera, did you gain any knowledge from -- at Cardinal from 2000 to 2002?

Q. And what was the knowledge you gained during that time frame?

Q. And what does that subset deal with?

Q. And when you say "small companies," small company's distributors or small company's manufacturers, producers?

Q. And did you, in your time at DuPont Pharmaceuticals, have anything to do with suspicious order monitoring or order tracking, antidiversion?

Q. Then you went to Elan Biopharmaceuticals? And where was that?

Q. And was that a startup?

Q. Okay. It was established?

Q. Okay. And you oversaw worldwide operations, planning, for two lead pipeline products; correct?

Q. And one was Tysabri. And is that multiple sclerosis?

Q. And also a drug called Prialt in pain?

Q. What was Prialt's active molecule?

Q. Do you recall, what was the risk profile of Prialt?

Q. When -- I think when you were in Mallinckrodt, but perhaps I'm wrong, they had an intrathecal pump system; true?

Q. And was that opioid --

Q. -- in that instance? That was a nonopioid?

Q. And in terms of the planning on the campaign for -- had Prialt been launched before you got there, or were you involved in the launch? Since it says "planning," it confuses me.

Q. Okay. And Tysabri, whatever great effects it has on slowing the progression of multiple sclerosis, it doesn't have anything to do with pain, isn't used for pain?

Q. And in terms of launching Prialt, was one of the features that you and Elan Biopharmaceuticals presented to the target audience, was that it was a nonopioid, so it didn't have the opioid risks?

Q. And describe opioid sparing for me in your terms?

Q. And the thinking was at Elan, that Prialt might be a stand-alone treatment, but certainly if used with opioids, it would cause the patient to need less opioids?

Q. And have you ever, in any of your contacts with the opioid and pain space, found a scientifically-supported idea that you believe in that promotes the fact that somehow more opioids are better --

Q. -- for a patient?

Q. At some point was there such a belief?

Q. And when was that point?

Q. Well, when you were in the 1990s, we were talking about per-need dosing --

Q. -- which -- and you said you couldn't answer for all physicians, but physicians were a bit leery of opioid usage for pain; true?

Q. Okay. And you didn't notice from the '90s through when you left Mallinckrodt, that, in general, a lot more plaids were being used in the pain space?

Q. So something was moving the medical market, physicians, prescribers, because nobody can get an opioid without a prescriber writing a script for it; true?

Q. Before and after --

Q. So that's not -- well taken.

Q. Sure. But at some point the reluctance to prescribe opiates decreased; true?

Q. How would you characterize it?

Q. And do you believe that in, say, 2006 till you left in 2000- -- left Mallinckrodt in the end of 2011, the balance had swung to where too many opioids were being used, regardless of the underlying pain?

Q. Say I agree with you in terms of that perfect system that you described. For some reason there were more and more opioid prescriptions being written in that 200- -- 2000, early 2000s to the time you left Mallinckrodt; true?

Q. Okay. Now let's move us to Solstice Neuroscience in San Francisco. This is the Botulinum Type B?

Q. And you were a co-founder?

Q. And from 2004 to 2009, I'm assuming you were not in the pain space?

Q. And was the Botulinum Botulinum Toxin in play here being used for plastic surgery effects or some deeper medical problems, or both?

Q. Okay. And what was the -- what was Myobloc being developed for or imported to treat?

Q. And since Botulinum is a -- actually

Q. And so I'm confused. Was it -- was a cervical dystonia patient having constant contraction of one side or the other of their cervical musculature?

Q. And is the pain simply from the release -- or the pain relief simply from the release of the contract -- constantly contracted muscles?

Q. As you guys understood it?

Q. Okay. And then that lasted till 2009. What ended the Solstice Neurosciences chapter of Art Morelli's life?

Q. Did that --

Q. I'm sorry. Go ahead.

Q. The fact that your other deposition in life was about, I'm assuming, something to do with the stock, the trademarks, whatever it is, of Solstice, tells me something didn't go all that happily as -- after you left or at the time you were leaving?

Q. Okay. And then you were simply a fact witness to -- why were you at the deposition?

Q. Did you have an interest in the intellectual property rights either asserted or actual?

Q. Okay. And were you a plaintiff in that suit that you got deposed in?

Q. A defendant?

Q. And what was the end result?

Q. Okay. All right. So how did you come to be hired by Covidien, slash, Mallinckrodt?

Q. Who was the CEO?

Q. How does he spell his name?

Q. And did you and Mr. Wright have past dealings?

Q. A couple of the ones we've gone through?

Q. Which ones?

Q. And did you approach Mr. Wright since you were getting out of Solstice, or did Mr. Wright approach you?

Q. And did you come to him with a -- some Covidien-specific vision or simply, I'm no longer working here; do you have a spot for me?

Q. Give me the variety of ways that you would have told Mr. Wright you saw as potential advantages to Covidien taking you on.

Q. Okay. And for a non-businessman like me, marketing is devising strategies and tools to increase a company's sales; is that true? Or how would you define it?

Q. Okay. And then what does sales do?

Q. And the two, marketing and sales, work together to hopefully increase the sales of a company's whole line or specific products within the company's line?

Q. Okay. Operations. What was operations, when you said that was something you thought you might bring to the Mallinckrodt table?

Q. So is operations divorced from marketing and sales and, say, product development on the other side of things, or not?

Q. Okay. And what about operations in terms of how do we -- how do we produce "X" million generic oxycodone tablets; is that operations or manufacturing?

Q. Okay. So -- and then improvements in efficiencies, that's a goal that could apply to either our operations or marketing?

Q. Okay. Did you have some separate, from operations or marketing, idea about improvement in efficiencies when you gave that as a third strength?

Q. Okay. And then Exhibit 2 --

Q. Okay. This is -- what you have now is Exhibit 3. And this is a consultancy agreement. So you were hired as a consultant?

Q. And it says, if you turn to the very last page, Exhibit 8, "Scope of Work." You will perform leadership abilities, and in the area of North American sales and marketing for the imaging solutions business, and also provide expertise and guidance to the imaging logistics function as required.

Q. And the imaging side -- was the imaging in Covidien, too, or was it not part cf Covidien?

Q. Okay. And this is CT and radiographic imaging --

Q. Contrasting, dyes?

Q. And you said it was -- I forget the term -- not in healthy shape?

Q. Why was that?

Q. And you took up that work on May 1, 2009?

Q. Is that a "Yes"?

Q. And did you -- where was imaging headquartered? St. Louis?

Q. Did you move to St. Louis?

Q. Okay. And then -- so you worked -- and I'm going to show you -- I think that was October 26, was your -- of 2009, was your -- somewhere around there was your actual hire date --

Q. -- as a nonconsultant. So from May 1 through end of October of 2009, you worked on the imaging side?

Q. And did you have any contact with the pain space at Covidien during that time?

Q. And how did things go?

Q. In terms of --

Q. -- your impact on the imaging business?

Q. What were your recommendations in global, you know, 30,000-foot?

Q. And was imaging a place in which there was competition to come up with new products, or was it more, how do we keep our product with its current market share and hopefully grow it?

Q. Okay. And were there any new products in the pipeline in imaging, when you started?

Q. And none when you left?

Q. And go ahead and review this, Mr. Morelli. I will apologize. I didn't find a traditional actual offer letter or agreement in your personnel file. But I did find this letter from -- or email strand from Lisa Britt and Herb Neuman about hiring you. First of all, let me ask you, in what we've been through today, have I managed to get out any meaningful experience you had in the pain space up to being hired at Covidien as an employee?

Q. Did I miss anything?

Q. And that was pretty much Percodan and Percocet at DuPont, and a nonopioid intrathecal at -- I forget which one of the companies.

Q. And what --

Q. What class of drugs does Nubain fit into it? It's not an opioid; true?

Q. And why was it noncontrolled if it -- are you saying its effects compared to morphine?

Q. Okay. Which reduced its risk, even if it wasn't only used in hospital, of diversion and abuse?

Q. And -- but I mean, do -- the cpioids all work with certain receptors?

Q. Ibuprofen and the rest of the NSAIDS work with different receptors or the same receptors?

Q. What was nalbuphine doing in the body to provide pain relief?

Q. Was nalbuphine ever a drug in which abuse was a worry?

Q. Abuse by the patient?

Q. Okay. And, basically, pain relief, no high?

Q. Okay. Back to your letter.

Q. No. 4. It appears you're being hired into Medical Affairs at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Had you ever served in a Medical Affairs Division, or whatever the correct subunit is, of any other pain space company?

Q. And from some documents we will look at later -- or, here, let me give it to you right now. Can I have 5 -- what will now be 5, Allison.

Q. Had a chance to get through it? As I understand it, this was actually from a presentation in 2011. But I want you to turn to the second inside page there. Oops. Too far.

Q. No, the one that --

Q. -- has the slide on, "Role on Medical Affairs."

Q. When you joined Covidien's Medical Affairs Department, was it your understanding that Medical Affairs was responsible for providing accurate medical and scientific information about Mallinckrodt products to the marketing and sales staff based on, quote, evidence-based best practices in health care, end quote?

Q. So that was there before you, as the --

Q. And Mr. Neuman was the head of Medical Affairs the entire time you were there?

Q. And is he an MDL or a Pharm.D, or what's his medical qualification?

Q. And that, I take it from earlier answers, suited Art Morelli, that we were going to only act on evidence-based best practices in health care to a tee?

Q. Because, as you talked about both the effects of pain and the potential poor effects of opioids, you want to know what the drug is going to do based on evidence, not guesswork, and you want to know what the risks are based on evidence and guesswork, and you want to know how effective it is based on evidence, not guesswork?

Q. Mr. Morelli, let me ask you a couple catch-up questions. First of all, you were talking about DuPont having Percocet and Percodan?

Q. Branded drugs?

Q. At some point were they -- those brands sold to Endo, or was Endo a division or some other relative of DuPont?

Q. Okay. And then let me ask you to return to Exhibit 4 for just a second. And the second page.

Q. And you see here that Ms. Britt lists the -- that wants to start you as early as Monday --

Q. -- with the following non-negotiable offer criteria.

Q. Okay. Your base pay as Vice President of Medical Affairs was going tc be .i . i *Redacted - EPI

Q. And is that what it became even though --

Q. Okay. And did it go up from there during your time at Covidien?

Q. Okay. When?

Q. And by how much?

Q. Okay. And then what does the 25 percent max at 15 no guarantee bonus opportunity line refer to?

Q. Okay. And does 25 percent bonus opportunity, what -- what's max at 50? 50,000 or --

Q. Okay. So it could go --

Q. So it go from 25 to 50 percent?

Q. And no part of that scale was guaranteed?

Q. Okay. And did you get a bonus in 2009?

Q. And what was -- is there a fiscal year for Covidien?

Q. And what was the start and end date?

Q. So you would have been in the program roughly half a year

Q. -- in 2009?

Q. In 2010 did you get a bonus?

Q. And was it 25 percent or more?

Q. So same answer for 2011?

Q. And were you told every year why you got it?

Q. Okay. And part of it, you said, was overall company performance?

Q. And I take it Mr. Neuman would have judged your performance and then given you what, if anything, he thought was yours from the bonus pool?

Q. Was the pool set by a given percentage, like profit, "X" percent of?

Q. Okay. Now, let's go back to Exhibit 5. And I've got it as page 3. So it will probably be on the front of -- it's a slide, "Medical Affairs: Key Players in Clinical Content."

Q. And clinical content, what did that mean on this slide?

Q. And since this presentation is called, "Field Sales Force Clinical Education" --

Q. -- this would be the sector of field sales force clinical instruction that each person or each group here was responsible for?

Q. And you are there. And then underneath you are the PPS Team, which I found elsewhere as being pharmacovigilance and patient safety team?

Q. Okay. And in terms of both teaching -- and would these be educating the sales force, this presentation?

Q. Does the evidence-based goal apply to that function as well?

Q. Okay. And evidence base we discussed, is scientifically and medically supported by the evidence, real evidence, whether or not that evidence reaches the conclusion that Covidien or Art Morelli may want to have it reach?

Q. And basically do you believe that statements made by Mallinckrodt about its products should be judged by that standard?

Q. Are there exceptions, where you would abandon scientific/medical evidence or consensus and just go by what would be a good thing to say about the drug?

Q. So what did the Patient and Product Safety Team entail in this side of clinical content?

Q. When did you start the Medical Affairs internal lecture lecture series?

Q. Okay. So maybe in the last three months of 2009, maybe in early 2010?

Q. Okay. Is -- at Mallinckrodt would there be a list of what the Medical Affairs lecture series consisted of?

Q. How often were the lectures presented?

Q. And what were the topics, as you remember them now?

Q. And who were the invitees?

Q. Okay. So it wasn't -- it was Medical Affairs giving the lectures, but not giving them --

Q. Okay. And then the sponsored research component?

Q. And in the time period where you were on the Medical Affairs team, what percentage cf those submissions for possible funding were related to the opioid pain space?

Q. Some 80 percent or some --

Q. -- 20 percent?

Q. And of the however -- what would 50 percent, during your time there, of the opioid pain space submissions be in a number, just a --

Q. Yes. Proposed studies.

Q. And although I'm not going to run you through it today, I assume that somewhere at Covidien/Mallinckrodt, there will be a budget for --

Q. -- that line item?

Q. So we can see which ones were funded and to what degree?

Q. Okay. Carolinas we will talk about and Exalgo REM we'll talk about.

Q. Are those the major four functions that Art Morelli and his PPS Team were involved in during the entire time you were at Covidien as an employee?

Q. I got medical --

Q. Oh, okay, you are right. It is five.

Q. We talked about three of them, and then REMS and the other two. That does add up to five. Was there anyone on your PPS Team that had an MD degree?

Q. Anyone on your PPS Team that had hands-on experience in pain --

Q. -- treatment?

Q. Anyone who was a researcher in either opioids or pain in general?

Q. Was there an outside source for your team, then, to get that kind of scientific, slash, medical input for your functions?

Q. And who was the Ph.D.?

Q. And what part of the company was he in?

Q. Oh, he was on yours?

Q. Okay. What was -- his Ph.D. was epidemiology?

Q. And who else was on the panel of experts?

Q. Was a pain management doctor named Webster, out of Utah, on the panel of experts?

Q. And he ran Lifeline or Lighthouse? Lifetree?

Q. And was he on the panel the whole time you were there?

Q. And he was there as a voice of experience and integrity in the pain treatment community?

Q. How -- what was the number? You may have given it to me.

Q. Okay. Any other pain management types, like Dr. Webster, whose name you recall -- names you recall, multiple?

Q. Okay. Any other names that ycu recall?

Q. Okay. Yeah, please give me --

Q. You're doing pretty good.

Q. So you talked about the Exalgc REMS, the C.A.R.E.S Alliance, the -- deciding what submitted proposals would be sponsored research, Medical Affairs lecture series, an in-house production, and drug addiction for musculoskeletal pain. What was that one?

Q. Or did I write that down wrong?

Q. Sorry. And was that a single lecture?

Q. Okay. So of those five areas for your team during your time at Mallinckrodt, hcw much of your team time was spent on the Exalgo REMS?

Q. Did those two always take up the majority of your team's time?

Q. So dealing with the proposals for research grants, a five percent or a ten percent or --

Q. Okay. And then Medical Affairs lecture series?

Q. And the treating musculoskeletal pain lecture?

Q. So five percent for the lecture series?

Q. And any other appreciable repeatable blocks of time spent --

Q. I did. And I thought you had said ten percent?

Q. So roughly in the 85 percent range for those two?

Q. So did your PPS Team embrace both Covidien-branded pain space drugs as well as generics?

Q. Okay. And was there -- what do you recall being Covidien's provision of information on generics to the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance?

Q. Okay. So C.A.R.E.S. Alliance took care of -- of whatever it was going to do with the generics without input from Medical Affairs at Covidien?

Q. I'm trying to follow up, because you said C.A.R.E.S. Alliance dealt with generics and branded drugs.

Q. Okay. And what I'm trying to figure out is Covidien, you are aware the whole time you were an employee, sold generic opioids?

Q. Okay. And those were, certainly from 2009 to 2011, was not a trough in the nationwide sale of plaids of all sorts; true?

Q. That wasn't filtered back up to you guys to give you a focus on what we might need to do in our scientifically-based, medical best evidence role to decrease oversale, if there was such oversale?

Q. You speak as a veteran that knows -- has formed an impression that salesmen will sell --

Q. -- and are not interested in hearing -- in hearing downsides of their product?

Q. Is that true?

Q. I'm talking about, though, you're developing tools; correct?

Q. To avoid oversales of opiates, avoid diversion and overdose deaths, and those sorts of things, as best you can by developing tools fcr the proper prescription of opioids; correct?

Q. Okay. My question is, within management, operations, and control, was there any passing of that information from Medical Affairs, as you developed it, to the generic sales force?

Q. So at no point were you aware whether Mallinckrodt's generic sales of generic opioids, during the time you worked there, were miniscule compared to their branded drugs?

Q. Safe to say, then, that nobody on your team doing its job, including C.A.R.E.S. Alliance and trying to get the correct use of opioids for pain control, ever did anything with Mallinckrodt's either branded sales teams or generic sales operatives?

Q. But nothing in terms of Medical Affairs, Art Morelli controlling the problem of opioids to the generic Mallinckrodt business, that you were aware of?

Q. Did anyone tell you that generics -- don't go to the generics, from higher management?

Q. Because of why?

Q. And that's you and Mallinckrodt gathering what you believe to be a very balanced, correct approach to this class of drugs, (Diploids, in the treatment of pain and balancing all the factors; true?

Q. And that message, as far as you know, was not in any way provided to the generic side of Mallinckrodt opioid sales while you were there?

Q. Medical Affairs had a budget; true? I'm assuming.

Q. And you told me that one part of that budget that was under your team's responsibility were the grant proposal decisions?

Q. How about key opinion leaders, speakers bureaus, or other things like that, were those under your team or --

Q. -- some other part --

Q. And they were -- KOLs, in the general sense, were not on Medical Affairs budget?

Q. Is that true or not?

Q. Okay. But did KOLs receive, to your knowledge, from Mallinckrodt other payment for other work that they might do?

Q. But not out of Medical Affairs budget?

Q. And that was -- is commercial a known subentity? You said it was off of commercials.

Q. Okay. Did you, or anyone else that you know of at Medical Affairs, have anything to do with picking the speakers?

Q. Okay. In your term of 2009 tc 2011, what was the budget for the grant proposals?

Q. But that --

Q. What -- what were the big chunks of the Medical Affairs budget in your time?

Q. Can I call that overhead?

Q. And do you recall yearly budget figures from Medical Affairs budget to C.A.R.E.S. Alliance, which was launched at Pain Week 2010, as I recall?

Q. And so it would have had some developmental expense

Q. -- prior? What was the annual budget from Mallinckrodt to C.A.R.E.S. Alliance?

Q. Somewhere between 20 and 2?

Q. And was that simply -- Covidien owned C.A.R.E.S. Alliance; true?

Q. And Covidien owned the trademarking of it; correct?

Q. So was the 2 to 20 million, wherever we find a budget document and come up with it, what did that go to, as you understood it, within C.A.R.E.S. Alliance?

Q. Only in the veterinary market.

Q. And where did the ordinary speakers budget come out of?

Q. And non-C.A.R.E.S. Alliance KOLs, or the few KOLs that were under Medical Affairs, the rest of those, where did that budget come out of?

Q. Okay. About the Rx FMEA analyses?

Q. Rather than thinking you knew what was going to happen, you went through a very detailed process --

Q. -- to identify failure modes and sub-modes that contributed to them; correct?

Q. And then looked at those failures and said, what can we possibly do to stop the failure from happening, after you had already ranked from least to worst the consequences of failure in that particular mode?

Q. All right. Were the Rx -- was the Rx FMEA system and analysis ever applied to Mallinckrodt's generics?

Q. Well, and --

Q. Well, you certainly applied it to Exalgo within --

Q. -- Medical Affairs; true?

Q. But the use of generic oxycodone, generic hydromorphone, any other generics that Mallinckrodt was selling from your time, 2009 to 2011, into the opioid pain space, no effort at Rx FMEA analysis was made; true?

Q. If you were king, would you like to have seen the same system applied to generics?

Q. But we're talking about a single company --

Q. -- that applies them, because it believes in them, to Exalgo; correct?

Q. The Rx?

Q. At the same time, that same company is selling generic opiates -- opioids and elects not to apply the analysis to those; true?

Q. Okay. Were -- did you have to get FDA permission to develop and apply the Rx FMEA analysis to Exalgo?

Q. And do you know of any reason why one would have to get FDA permission to do that fcr generics?

Q. Let's go back to 2009, whether in imaging -- joining in imaging --

Q. I know you were going to try and turn around the imaging department for part of the era. Were you aware there were a lot more plaids being sold in America and people were becoming concerned about it?

Q. More than had been sold before?

Q. Which ones?

Q. In general terms, when you took the job at Mallinckrodt in 2009, had you heard the term "opioid epidemic"?

Q. And since you had been involved with the opioids back in your DuPont days, that was something that was different. Was there an plaid epidemic back in the days of DuPont's opioid drugs when you were there?

Q. Identified as such in public documents?

Q. And Percocet and Percodan were abusible; correct?

Q. Okay. And what was the dose of Percocet/Percodan?

Q. And what was the amount of active ingredient in those one to two tabs?

Q. Okay. When you came back into the opioid space at Mallinckrodt, was it a surprise to see people taking 30 milligrams of Oxycontin three, four times a day?

Q. But it was certainly higher doses than you had been used to in your earlier opioid experience?

Q. It seems to me, fair to say, that your personal actions, while at Mallinckrodt, were to better understand, and then hopefully influence for better patient outcomes, this increased use of opioids in the chronic and acute pain space?

Q. Okay. And to make evidence-based decisions addressing opioids, during the time you were at Mallinckrodt, do you agree that one thing that's a real important factor is a pain-and-science-based data on a given opioid's effectiveness at relieving either the chronic pain or the acute pain?

Q. Because to the extent that the medication doesn't really effectively relieve the pain that it's being given for, it doesn't have much -- as much benefit as one that does; true?

Q. So, in your view, if the FDA says that this is an acceptable drug for medium to severe chronic pain, and you become aware of that it doesn't work for headache pain, or some other sort of pain, there's no bucking the FDA in terms of your analysis of the risk/benefit of that drug for a pain that may not be affected by it?

Q. Okay. What about chronic low back pain, was that part of the FDA's indications on the label for Exalgo?

Q. So if Mallinckrodt was reading, as your department would, scientific publications in the pain world and saw that chronic low back pain was not showing very healthy evidence of being effective by the plaids, you think that there's no -- nothing that Mallinckrodt needs to do until the FDA makes it change the label to say, except not for low back pain, chronic low back pain?

Q. And how --

Q. And "tolerance" simply means they have been prescribed an opiate -- opioid at some point prior in their life and didn't have a bad reaction to it?

Q. And the --

Q. I'm sorry.

Q. Where was that study done?

Q. And did that study have a name that we can search through the multitude of documents?

Q. In terms of the FDA approval test, do you recall that one of the two studies was bunionectomy?

Q. How much do you think bunionectomy predicts about effective pain relief in another condition other than bone surgery?

Q. And opioid tolerant is the -- is the other side of that opioid naive?

Q. And did your deep dive study look at whether or not in the use that was under the study, the tolerance that you found or the physician wrote, was a true second line? Like they have had opioid A for this pain that they are here to see me about today, or it isn't -- they had some opioid remotely in the past and had no problem with it?

Q. Either of those would show up as opioid tolerant; correct?

Q. And did your study ensure that opioid tolerance was following that more restrictive definition?

Q. So back to, if you get reports from the outside medical literature that opioid A or B or C does not appear to be very effective against a certain type of pain, is it your testimony that Medical Affairs at Mallinckrodt would not do anything in response to that?

Q. And do you believe, based on your devotion to ensuring the best possible use of opioids in the pain space, that they would take notice of that and deal with it in some way?

Q. Because that --

Q. And because you personally believe the more question there is about its effectiveness, the less risk there has to be to make it a reasonable decision to give that drug for that specific pain type; true?

Q. All of pain medication, and especially opioid provision, is based on a balancing of the risk -- expected risk and the expected benefit?

Q. Correct. And the opioid effect that you're looking for in prescribing it is that it reduces the patient's pain; true?

Q. What else?

Q. Those are simply secondary effects?

Q. Of the absence of pain?

Q. Or decrease in pain?

Q. So that's the benefit?

Q. Of an opioid, a contemplated cpioid prescription; correct?

Q. And the risks -- you know a long line of them -- there's internal, you know, bad reactions, not opioid tolerant, there's potential diversion, there's overdose, there's depression of respiration, there's a long and healthy list of risks to any opioid prescription?

Q. So if the effectiveness is criticized and may be less, that's going to make it harder to be reasonable in prescribing the opioid because the risks aren't going to change? They are what they are for a given patient; true?

Q. And to not question, but probably affirm your belief in the way you went about your job, you have to agree with me on a general level, even though it wasn't your job, if the opioid is less effective at reducing pain, the risk has got to go down to make the balance in balance; correct?

Q. In a -- in a sane world of prescription?

Q. I agree with you. And -- okay. Back to some generics questions, and you may not know any answers. Did you know, when you joined Covidien, that Mallinckrodt sold both active pharmaceutical agreements, the bulk materials to other manufacturers?

Q. Did you ever have any duties in Medical Affairs about that part of the business?

Q. And Mallinckrodt also used some of the API that it made to manufacture generics?

Q. And sold those; correct?

Q. Okay. And do you know whether they sold them to other manufacturers or simply directly to -- through distributors to users?

Q. Do you know whether they sold any through distribution centers

Q. -- for patient use?

Q. No. Dosage.

Q. The API, that's just obviously -- that's just going out in bulk powder and is going to get made into whatever somebody else makes it into?

Q. They were, in fact, the world's largest manufacturer of it; correct?

Q. Okay. So you don't even know if Mallinckrodt distributed, sold to distributors for ongoing sale to patients, generics, opioids?

Q. When you joined Mallinckrodt, had you ever heard the term Oxy Express?

Q. When did you first hear that term?

Q. Okay. You have no idea what that means?

Q. Okay. Tell me what you think it means.

Q. All right. And you never heard of it applied to Florida pill mills and other sources, and being driven up I-75 to the upper Midwest as well as to Appalachia?

Q. Did anyone at Mallinckrodt, while you were there, discuss especially Florida pill mills or pill mills in general with you?

Q. Okay. And what were the indicia of pill mills?

Q. Okay. Did you at Medical Affairs follow up to see whether or not that instruction was put to use?

Q. And did you receive both reports of salespeople calling on pill mills and having to be reinstructed, so to speak, that a place they were going was a pill mill?

Q. Ms. Cathy Jackson, who you remember, maybe?

Q. -- told us --

Q. -- told us last week that she thought the ability of Florida physicians to both prescribe and dispense opioids was one reason why Florida was a hotbed for diversion. Did you even know about that?

Q. And I think you testified earlier that you really didn't even know how Exalgo sales were going; is that --

Q. -- correct? Okay. And didn't have any sense of how many Mallinckrodt generic oxy opioids were being sold in Florida or anywhere else?

Q. True for the entire time you were there?

Q. Never any conversations with Mr. Neuman, perhaps, or anyone else in Medical Affairs about the opioid epidemic, whether your guys's fault or other manufacturers' fault?

Q. I understand that. But you're also not living outside of this world, and in particular the United States, and you're working for a pharmaceutical company. It doesn't seem possible that you did not have discussions while you were at Mallinckrodt, slash, Covidien with other people in Medical Affairs about the opioid epidemic?

Q. It's fair to say, then, that what you picked up, both inside and outside Mallinckrodt during your time on Medical Affairs, convinced you that the effects of whatever was happening in the opioid space were enough to require you to try and develop a countermeasure against it?

Q. And Mallinckrodt supported it for awhile; true?

Q. And yet you were only there a couple of years?

Q. He did support it?

Q. And why did you leave?

Q. Okay.

Q. Mr. Morelli, you have in front of you what has been marked as Exhibit 6, in which says that it's a, "Sales Force Training REMS and Safe Use." Do you see that?

Q. And your name is down there, along with a Mr. Holman. Does that indicate you were either the authors of this slide set or was going to speak from it whenever it was in use this day?

Q. Would this be a slide set and a presentation that you gave only once, so that you might remember the time and date, or would this have been given several times?

Q. And as you were leafing through it, you saw, as I did, there's a C.A.R.E.S. Alliance portion near the end of it; correct?

Q. And can you recall a time when you gave the "Sales Force Training REMS and Safe Use," and specifically added a C.A.R.E.S. Alliance piece to it for one reason or another?

Q. When was that, and what was the event?

Q. Okay. And that date, launch cf Exalgo, 2010; if you recall?

Q. Okay. I think we may run into it.

Q. In a numbered form. And when Exalgo launched in 2010, it was a Covidien/Mallinckrodt-branded analgesic?

Q. And an opioid?

Q. Extended-release hydromorphone?

Q. And was the OROS delivery system that it was in, the way in which it became an extended release instead of an immediate release?

Q. And that was because the OROS system created a hard shell capsule, not like a contact, but something that was difficult to bite through at least; correct?

Q. And then what it would do is allow -- once it was swallowed and into the digestive tract, allow water to come in osmotically, which would then expel the drug through a tiny laser-drilled hole through the shell?

Q. And some engineer figured out the diameter so that that push of essentially IR, immediate release, immediate activity, hydromcrphone would be bled out over a long time?

Q. Perfect. So all I need to ask you -- and I get the engineering explanation. So the REMS were part of -- which is risk, evaluation, and mitigation strategy?

Q. And at that point those were required for extended-release opioids, like Exalgo was going to be, by the FDA?

Q. Immediate-release formations were not forced to do REMS by the DEA or the FDA --

Q. -- until 2015; do you know?

Q. It was after you left?

Q. And then C.A.R.E.S. Alliance came out in the same general time frame as the launch cf Exalgo?

Q. Okay. And was the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance your baby, so to speak, from the initial concept, or was there a C.A.R.E.S. Alliance thought process going on at Mallinckrodt, and then you came and brought it to fruition?

Q. Okay. And so you were basically the one who came up with that strategic vision and then did the tactical, as you earlier said, parts cf putting it together, I'm assuming with other aid -- help from other people --

Q. -- at Covidien?

Q. And one of the things that I've seen in C.A.R.E.S. documents is that the increase in use of opioids and resulting abuse, addiction, and deaths have led to a backlash against the use of prescription pain medicine and have adversely affected pain treatment for legitimate pain patients. Was that a concept, in your understanding, why C.A.R.E.S. was something that needed to be done?

Q. As a major manufacturer and seller and even distributor of opioids, Mallinckrodt stood to lose sales as a result of a, quote, backlash against the use of prescription pain medicine, end quote. Is that true?

Q. Since you left sales long before that, that doesn't surprise me. What was the pitch --

Q. -- for?

Q. What was the pitch to Herb -- and who was the CEO, Mr. Wright?

Q. And what does it --

Q. And that became a fairly frequent opening slide for C.A.R.E.S.?

Q. Okay. And let me find it.

Q. So the concern that you were pitching to Mr. Neuman and Mr. Harbaugh was what?

Q. And that --

Q. What specific concern, the opioid use in the country?

Q. Okay. And then "A responsibility we all share." What was the responsibility?

Q. Go ahead. And then what is, "The cause that we all can champion"?

Q. And that was the steps you took to establish the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance?

Q. And the materials in the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance?

Q. And that was in connection, or at least temporal connection, with the launch of Exalgo; correct?

Q. And did you believe that Exalgo, when it was launched, was less susceptible to abuse due to its ORO system than ordinary, for example, ER Oxycontin?

Q. Okay. And there's attached to -- was there a strategic commercial aspect to your identification of the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance strategy that you gave to Mr. Neuman and Mr. Harbaugh as well?

Q. Okay. And if you will turn tc --

Q. That's it?

Q. And it's called, "The C.A.R.E.S. Alliance" on top?

Q. And I take it, this is an Art Morelli designed document?

Q. Okay. And where you -- if you see basically, as I'm reading this document, it is moving the company from "R," across to the right to "2B"?

Q. That's what I was taking from it, but I don't know if there was some other

Q. Correct.

Q. And this aspect of the business is the opioid pain space?

Q. And we see Exalgo is in the first step, if -- if -- the arrows or arcs up above, on the baseline of the big portion of the circle, are those meant to be steps? The --

Q. Correct.

Q. Do you believe that you took this slide or an earlier version of it with or without C.A.R.E.S. Alliance language to your pitch of Mr. Neuman and Mr. Harbaugh?

Q. Certainly the concept --

Q. -- would have been part of your pitch to them?

Q. Correct?

Q. And so where we are -- I mean, the two -- I don't know what OTCF -- or OTFC means, over -- if the "C" was removed, it would be over-the-counter something.

Q. But Exalgo we certainly see?

Q. And then I meant -- I recognize Ruby, Zircon?

Q. Exactly. Those were in reasonable doubt still?

Q. Yes. And then PENNSAID was intravenous acetomorphine?

Q. Okay. Methadone was existing as a generic --

Q. -- for Mallinckrodt; correct?

Q. But methadone --

Q. But methadone itself has analgesic --

Q. -- properties?

Q. But you guys were selling it more for its --

Q. -- abuse treatment --

Q. -- treatment place; right?

Q. And then back to your old land of imaging. That was going to try and build the brand; right?

Q. Okay. And then the one that Exalgo is completely -- or most visually related to is the arc of demonstrating REMS excellence?

Q. And that was something you were already about, because you were working with the Exalgo REMS?

Q. And then what is -- is the "highly compliant," are those prescribers, or what?

Q. Okay. So that's you?

Q. And then PENNSAID, methadone, imaging and Fentanyl Patch are in the next narrow rectangle. And under that arc is, "Develop and launch C.A.R.E.S. Alliance," which I'm not sure I see a lot of connection between launching C.A.R.E.S. Alliance with imaging, say.

Q. Okay. And the arc in that is, "Develop and launch C.A.R.E.S. Alliance"; correct?

Q. Which is devoting resources to getting a really accurate message about plaids across to everybody in the chain, other manufacturers, prescribing physicians, hospital groups that might be involved in the use of opioids, and patients and their caregivers, like individual caregivers at home, not -- not prescribers?

Q. Okay. Well, I take it that with your wisdom in industry, you didn't pitch them at a meeting and tell them we're going to have this in two months?

Q. Okay. So that's that step. And then that gets to be -- is this a recognition of status of Mallinckrodt in the -- in the strategy to be recognized as trailblazers, by that end of that second arc?

Q. Okay. And then "Partner and Publish," that is to get outsiders within the space, either prescribers, researchers, et cetera, tc publish favorably about Mallinckrodt --

Q. What is it?

Q. Of these other pharmaceutical houses?

Q. And then Ruby, Zercon, et cetera, are put there in that little box, I'm assuming, because they were a ways away?

Q. And so they would be hopefully profiting by all these things when they were ready to come out?

Q. And then if the strategic plan was realized and Mallinckrodt got to where it wanted to be, then it would be recognized first as a leader in the science of safety?

Q. And as you pointed out earlier, the science of safety principles have existed at least since nuclear reactors were developed. This would be

Q. And that --

Q. And that would lead to better patient outcomes; correct?

Q. And that would lead to Mallinckrodt being recognized as a leader in pain?

Q. And that would -- strike that. Did you tell leadership that would be a good position financially and otherwise for us to achieve?

Q. And if, in fact, all that came true, you would be a a respected and, in quotes, good member of big pharma?

Q. Okay. I mean, that's -- that's what the goal was?

Q. That would be a marketing -- huge marketing plus?

Q. It would be --

Q. Okay. And it certainly wouldn't do any harm for marketing if one occupied that position?

Q. And this plan, from what you've said before, seems not to include directly generics?

Q. Okay. Let me ask you to turn back now to the "Sales Force Training in REMS and Safe Use."

Q. And let me ask a couple of questions. I missed my little notes here.

Q. As we talked about earlier, the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance part of the strategy was launched at Pain Week of 2010?

Q. Were you there?

Q. And Covidien owned the trademark and basically the group; true?

Q. C.A.R.E.S. Alliance?

Q. Was that your idea to have it be a Covidien owned for use in the strategic plan?

Q. And then were there members of C.A.R.E.S., since it's called an alliance? Or what did you, Art Morelli, call them?

Q. And did you reach out to outfits like the American Academy of Pain Management?

Q. That was someone who you pitched on membership?

Q. Were they one of the ones who weren't willing to -- I mean, I can't imagine that this wasn't in step with their ideas; right?

Q. And were they supported by Mallinckrodt financially?

Q. Okay. All of the taking -- you said that sometimes, like a management meeting or orthopedic meeting convention, Mallinckrodt would take a large booth, and then would have a small booth, or a portion of the booth put over to your uses for C.A.R.E.S. Alliance?

Q. And when Mallinckrodt purchases such convention space, that's financial support for whatever the organization is --

Q. -- putting it out?

Q. Any others who you require pitching -- or require -- remember pitching about C.A.R.E.S. Alliance, other than the AAPM?

Q. I take it, the FDA did not offer to buy a membership?

Q. Anyone else who you recall making a presentation to -- the FDA one was not to induce interest in joining the Alliance?

Q. Anyone else who the interest was getting them interested in joining the Alliance?

Q. So the American Academy of Pain Management, would you say it's a fair description, that being an organization that was focused on keeping plaids available for patients with pain?

Q. Okay. What is wrong with that?

Q. Okay. And that was Dr. Webster's outfit?

Q. A member?

Q. And do you believe that the AAPM was generally oriented against stricter regulations or restrictions on opioid use for chronic pain?

Q. Okay. But AAPM, nor anyone else, ever gave any money to support the goals and work of C.A.R.E.S. other than Mallinckrodt?

Q. While you were there?

Q. Let's turn back to Exhibit 6.

Q. And I'm going to apologize ahead of time. But if you will look, there's a car --

Q. You gave this presentation at least once?

Q. Okay. I don't quite understand it.

Q. Okay. Can you give me the -- what you would have said, if I was sitting in an audience at -- getting sales force training for REMS and safe use.

Q. Can I interrupt for a second?

Q. Having been in the pharma business, don't you think that it's more accurate that the doctors think they know how to use them more cr less, because they have been using them for years and they have their own opinions on them?

Q. Okay. Why is it -- the APAP combos, are those -- whatever the opioid is involved, is that an immediate release, in your diagraming here?

Q. And then Opana and Oxycontin were both -- Oxycontin, by the time you were giving this presentation, was mostly in extended release, although still available in immediate release?

Q. Okay. And Opana, what molecule is that?

Q. And Exalgo was hydromorphone?

Q. And Opana, extended release?

Q. Okay. So why -- what's the step up? You were talking about risk and need for more training from the immediate release APAP combo to Opana/Oxycontin?

Q. Extended release?

Q. Okay. And then on the risk side, Opana was -- had risk deterrent features, not to the FDA's level of allowing it to be abuse deterrent, resistant labeling; true?

Q. But it had some built-in attempts to reduce risk from it; am I right?

Q. Okay. And certainly Exalgo did; correct?

Q. And, in fact, they never did approve -- is it ADF or ADR labeling?

Q. You never got to that; correct?

Q. So higher risk, more training; lower risk, less training for sales

Q. Hi, Mr. Morelli.

Q. • Remember all the stuff we talked about before the deposition, about how depositions go on? No changes; okay?

Q. • Good. REMS were required by the FDA for Exalgo; true?

Q. • Were the EEIFs that you guys put together, the essential -- Exalgo essential information forms --

Q. • -- were those required by the FDA or was that a Mallinckrodt decision?

Q. • Okay. And what were the EEIFs meant to do in terms of the FDA's program for REMS and EEIFs?

Q. And let me ask you to turn to Exhibit 7, which is an email list -- or a couple of e-mails back and forth, and then a longer list of Ohio doctors.

Q. Have you had a chance to familiarize yourself with that?

Q. Okay. And down at the bottom -- I think it's -- is it Mr. Meyer or Ms. Meyer?

Q. Okay. Mr. Meyer says that he promised you that he would get all the listed docs EEIFs submitted?

Q. And if you will look down under the "All," is where he in the middle of the page.

Q. He had a lengthy conversation with Art, you; correct?

Q. And Preston, who is --

Q. As a result, I have guaranteed we will obtain a completed EEIF from all -- "all" in caps -- physicians listed with the exception of Dr. Naum . My first question is, do you have any memory of why Dr. Naum would not be part of this seemingly global program?

Q. Do you have any reason to remember how these listed physicians were selected?

Q. Okay. And is the fact that they are all in Ohio simply because that was Mr. Meyer's area?

Q. And then in his email to you, he says: The following physicians are speakers, so I am guessing you can have the EEIF completed relatively quickly . And then a list of four physicians.

Q. And do you recall any of those four listed physicians?

Q. Okay. He says they are speakers. So why -- knowing how Covidien works, why would speakers be expected by Mr. Meyer to be guessing that those guys would complete their EEIFs relatively quickly?

Q. Because?

Q. And any explanation that you recall for why these four doctors wouldn't do that?

Q. When they are listed as speakers, I think you've told me that Medical Affairs didn't pay for speakers; correct?

Q. Were speakers compensated by Mallinckrodt out of some other budget?

Q. And which department was that?

Q. Okay. And do you have an idea of -- if I, as a speaker, go to a pain management meeting and am there sponsored by Covidien, what would I get as a speaker?

Q. If you have any idea.

Q. And those recent restrictions, or the ones that might have been in place, were those industry guidelines put together, or were those FDA or some other entity guidelines?

Q. That essentially set limit of the price one could pay a speaker to talk about a Covidien product at a meeting, based on probably how long it was, how long the presentation was?

Q. Let's move to, out of order, Exhibit 9.

Q. All right. Mr. Morelli, this one is another one about -- the "Re" line is EEIFs; correct?

Q. And then you're the person at the top responding to the email at the bottom; correct?

Q. And you wrote: That's correct. If they have not written a script, we don't need the EEIF. We already have 500-plus from non-Exalgo writers. They don't count . Did I read that correctly?

Q. And Exalgo writers are people who have written a prescription for Exalgo?

Q. Why -- I mean, the EEIFs are a safety tool; correct?

Q. And why do the nonprescribers reading of the safety information about Exalgo not count?

Q. Okay. But --

Q. Well -- and what I don't understand, it's a safety tool; correct?

Q. For Exalgo?

Q. And the fact that I haven't written a prescription to date doesn't really knock me cut of consideration as writing a prescription for it in the future; correct?

Q. But you guys weren't even going to take them.

Q. And so not counting didn't count against your, Mallinckrodt's, Exalgo percentage of prescribing doctors who had actually filled out an EEIF?

Q. And that was the only number that you guys were concerned about?

Q. But it does count to the general safety awareness of the possible prescriber tc have read the EEIF?

Q. This will be No. 8. I think you already have it, Mr. Morelli.

Q. Before we get to the details of Exhibit 8, REMS and EEIM were thought by the FDA for extended release opiates to be -- in 2011 to be important safety tools?

Q. And the -- the goal of educating physicians on the risk is to increase the safety of the prescribers for whatever medications REMS and EEIFs are involved; true?

Q. And the opposite of that, not reading

Q. And that's, in the way you view the world, I think, less safe than an informed prescriber writing a prescription of any of the opioids?

Q. And was there -- was the FDA, did it ban REMS or EEIFs for generic immediate release --

Q. opioids?

Q. I mean, obviously, these are informational tools.

Q. Which are good for any drug, whether it be a multiple sclerosis drug or an opioid; true?

Q. Oh, that -- I understand that. But just in -- it's not just an opioid tool, it's a wider-spread tool for any prescribed medication?

Q. And there wasn't any ban from the FDA on producing REMS or producing EEIFs on generic opioids in 2011; true?

Q. I understand. But in generics, especially -- except not all generics, but immediate release --

Q. -- they weren't required until 2018; correct?

Q. And there was nothing to stop Mallinckrodt, if it realized quicker than the FDA that it's all one big problem, to add educational materials concerning its immediate -- immediate-release generic plaids?

Q. And in going bigger, did you make sure that physicians who were prescribing Mallinckrodt immediate-release plaids took advantage of those programs, or did you simply have it cut there available?

Q. And no one ever considered doing a mailing to specialties that were involved in cpioids, like anesthesia, pain management, et cetera, to inform them of similar information that you were putting out for Exalgo through the REMS and the EEIFs, for immediate-release generics that Mallinckrodt sold?

Q. My question isn't what you would have had to do. You would have known, with your position at Mallinckrodt, about in the REMS world, correct, if Mallinckrodt was interested in increasing that program to include prescribers of immediately released generic °plaids; true?

Q. And you never --

Q. We're getting back to conversation, and I --

Q. And I enjoy it as much as you do, but we have to stay in the setting in which we find ourselves. You didn't know about it because nobody asked you for your input on that front; correct?

Q. Exhibit 8 -- sorry to have gotten off track -- this is an email from Mr. Keith Huels, May 17th, 2011. So within a year or a month or so of when you joined Medical Affairs?

Q. And its subject line is, "Promo Speaker's Budget."

Q. What are promo speakers?

Q. And I'm going to end that sentence with, for Covidien products; is that the correct ending or --

Q. -- not?

Q. Either/or?

Q. And forgive me if I am confused, but I thought promo speakers weren't out of Medical Affairs budget or --

Q. Now, as I -- and then there's attached a long list of people or entities more some entities, some individual names?

Q. And if you look back to the last page, there's total invoices -- total invoices are $1,852,858, up at the very top left.

Q. And then invoices and accruals are $1,113,305?

Q. And then there's a Medical Affairs accrual, hyphen, Selva, April, of 144,000?

Q. Do you remember any of those?

Q. And what was the budget that would go to promotion -- promo speakers in a full fiscal year when were you there?

Q. Let me go through -- ask you to go through -- do you remember who Selva Group was?

Q. Okay. Are some of these ones that appear again and again, like Selva, Advanced Health -- and I'm assuming ME went further out to --

Q. -- in the title -- were these bureaus

Q. And Paragon Rx International?

Q. And what --

Q. What are they? What is it?

Q. And are they physicians or nonphysicians or both?

Q. And they can supply you with speakers --

Q. Why are they appearing on the promo speakers' budget lines, then?

Q. Okay. Did Selva Group have tc do with promo speakers?

Q. How about Advanced Health ME, whatever that's short for, do you recall --

Q. Okay. So they might have been promo speakers?

Q. Okay. Well, as far as Paragon Rx International, you've told me that those -- those amounts are probably them being paid to contribute to the REMS and the Rx risk assessment?

Q. Okay. And then if you look on the next page, there's Schwartz MD?

Q. Okay. And Rosenblum, Stuart?

Q. And Guernelli Guernelli?

Q. And then the rest we have already talked about.

Q. And then the accrual balance, which you're a better businessman than me, I'm assuming these are amounts that the various listed entities have coming but haven't been paid yet?

Q. And do you recognize Reichman, Ronald P.?

Q. How about Halley, Randall E.?

Q. What was Halley, Randall E.?

Q. Clinical studies of Exalgo?

Q. And what kind of clinical studies? Premarketing or post marketing?

Q. Okay. And then Selva's, Victor Byrd?

Q. Sharon Idan -- or Idan, Sharon?

Q. George Spyropoulos?

Q. David Medunick?

Q. Any of the other personal names that follow there? Why don't you just -- to save us time, how about you scan the rest of the list --

Q. -- and find any personal names --

Q. -- that you recognize or business names, if we haven't already talked about them.

Q. There's Randall Halley again.

Q. And did you tell me what you thought his role was? I know you told --

Q. For Exalgo or --

Q. Okay. Let me ask you something I should have asked first. You will see there's -- in the left-hand column, there are PVs and OVs. Does that mean anything to you as an ex-Covidien?

Q. Mr. Morelli, I will tell you, just to orient you, this is a series of emails about an expected release of a JAMA article on -- regarding that opioid deaths are higher with higher dosing patterns.

Q. Do you recall this study coming out?

Q. Okay. Earlier we talked about the old per-need dosing patterns.

Q. p.r.n., correct. And versus more regular dosing of, especially, extended-release opioids.

Q. And I was -- you and I are on the same page.

Q. On per need, the new regular dosing pattern went over to extended release use of opioids; correct?

Q. Well, you --

Q. Correct.

Q. And ER Oxycontin is dosed twice a day?

Q. There was a time when no opioids were dosed once or twice a day but, rather, when you have pain, ring your buzzer or tell me or take an immediate-release tablet; correct?

Q. So this study was looking at what you and I had agreed on earlier was that the amount of opioid that patients received with regular dosing was generally higher than they received in a milligram equivalent, or whatever, from per need; true?

Q. Well, how are you weighing in on what to do about this study if you didn't even read it?

Q. Look at the first paragraph of her response, her draft message. Okay?

Q. The bolded, in fact, "The article is attached for your awareness only."

Q. "You should not provide this to physicians, nor should you use it in proactive outreach."

Q. And why is that?

Q. Is there any indication that they're going to ask you to approve it in this email string on this exhibit?

Q. And you don't think that the findings of this study, because you never read it, showed problems with the very kinds of plaids that Mallinckrodt was selling?

Q. Are any of the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance tools to encourage the physician, perhaps, to think over whether or not this patient should be on extended-release opioids?

Q. Okay. Now, the letter to the sales force goes on that: If the doctor is willing to talk with you after you give the script -- that is the boldface above -- proceed based on previous guidance . Which I take it, is a kit that was dropped off concerning C.A.R.E.S.?

Q. Okay. And then if the clinician persists in wanting to discuss the article, then they are given another bold point -- boldface response .

Q. And that's to: I'm unable to discuss it further with you. Our Medical Information Group is best suited to talk with you. I'm happy to send your inquiry to them for follow-up .

Q. And who would that go to in Medical Affairs, if such an inquiry came in?

Q. Okay. So somewhere in Covidien document files in Medical Affairs will be notes, letters, et cetera, responding to some physicians who may have called, if they didn't get put off by the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance talk and actually wanted to discuss the merits of the article?

Q. Okay. Back to the last real question I asked you. Should there be -- if there were any physicians who wanted -- who were referred to Medical Affairs, there should be letters, there should be --

Q. -- records, explanations of what was said to them about this article?

Q. And the issues in this article?

Q. What is that bank called, if I wanted to --

Q. Okay. And are they kept, do you know, for any period of time?

Q. All right. You have Exhibit 11 in front of you.

Q. Mr. Morelli, this is April 2011. So I think you should have been there yet?

Q. And you -- do you recall Remoxy, a competitive drug?

Q. And it was an ER generic oxycodone?

Q. And, in fact, this -- another report in the literature coming out is about reaching an endpoint in Remoxy's study of whether its drug really was abuse deterrent in any form.

Q. Is that what you get from the article?

Q. And for those of us who don't do pharmaceutical research, is drug liking intended to measure as a metric, "I like this not for its pain relief effect but as a high," so to speak?

Q. Okay. And so do you remember who the competitor was who made Remoxy?

Q. Fair enough.

Q. Okay. And then if you will turn to -- I think it will be the -- since yours are copied on two sides, it will be -- page 1, 2 -- 3 at the bottom, and then page 4 at the top.

Q. Do you see the "Study Results" is the boldfaced?

Q. Okay. So read me, without that odd gibberish at the start, symbols, the first finding endpoint analysis.

Q. And then what was the second finding?

Q. And I'm assuming the reason we don't see the IR 40 as being either crushed or chewed is that with an IR, it's going to be available in roughly the same amount of time, even without crushing?

Q. I mean --

Q. And then the next finding was time to peak drug liking, and that was also significantly delayed?

Q. And that was, again, Remoxy chewed compared to oxycodone ER 40 milligrams crushed or oxycodone IR?

Q. And then what were the secondary endpoints?

Q. And that's -- in terms of you reading that back when you were at Mallinckrodt, that's a potentially useful-for-safety difference with this new formulation; correct?

Q. Okay. And if its -- even at this stage, without saying it is absolutely proven, do you agree with me that that's good information for the entire prescribing population to know on the level that it's reported here?

Q. And did Mallinckrodt have an oxycodone extended release that had at this point any abuse-deterrent attempts at all?

Q. But certainly not out in the sales market?

Q. And so a 40 milligram oxycodone analog that has decreased drug liking and basically gives you a decreased high, even if you chew it or grind it up, could be a strong competitor for Mallinckrodt's existing hydrocodone ER?

Q. Okay. And who was Jamie Harrell?

Q. Okay. So she's not --

Q. It's a he?

Q. He's not in Medical Affairs?

Q. Okay. On the bottom of page 1 and going over on to the top of page 2 is Mr. Harrell's reaction. Can you read that aloud from me.

Q. From "I suggest."

Q. What did you take that "We need to position them before they position us" to mean when you read this stream?

Q. It's a guy in commercial?

Q. A competitor's drug may have an advantage --

Q. -- over Mallinckrodt's drug because --

Q. -- it has demonstrated decreased drug liking, and Mallinckrodt's competitive drug did not have any abuse-deterrent formula; right?

Q. What -- commercial, is that above marketing and sales, or part of it, or where?

Q. So you're a veteran of the industry. When he writes, "We need to position them before they position us," after saying "We need to do a deep dive on this," what did you take from that?

Q. How does that equate with "position them before they position us"?

Q. Okay. And then please read your response at the top of page 1.

Q. Were those KOLs supported by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And why were you so confident that it might lead to a pub or two that might help what was worrying Harrell about the new study?

Q. Abuse-deterrence data on generic oxy 40 extended release, that would be a long hunt, don't you think?

Q. What did -- what was his position in commercial?

Q. Okay. All right.

Q. And in -- Ms. Tonilee?

Q. What was she -- was she in Medical Affairs?

Q. Sales rep, okay. And she apparently is setting you up for a meeting with a Dr. Gosy, who apparently has a fairly busy pain practice?

Q. I want him to know the safety with REMS and C.A.R.E.S. program that he can receive for utilizing more Exalgo . Do you see that part?

Q. And you were going to go have dinner with Dr. Gosy --

Q. -- to accomplish whatever you were going to accomplish with him?

Q. Okay. Was that a common part of your job, to go meet individually with prescribers?

Q. Do you have any remembrance of Dr. Gosy?

Q. Well, that --

Q. Okay. And although they may be interchangeable, if you will look, were you going to have dinner in Buffalo, New York --

Q. So I couldn't tell -- you were going to New Jersey?

Q. So the meeting never went off. But was such a meeting common for you

Q. -- for you to go out to meet with individual physicians? Was that common or rare?

Q. And I think you told me, while I was still asking the question, that you may have done it one other time, that you can recall?

Q. And where was that other time?

Q. And who did you go to meet with directly as the prescriber in Southern California?

Q. Do you remember a specialty?

Q. Okay. In your email response to Tonilee, you tell her: Thanks for the briefing. I prepared a summary of our most recent data related to Exalgo misuse, abuse, overdose and addiction . Correct?

Q. "It will need to be communicated verbally." Why did it need to be communicated verbally?

Q. Well, and, in fact, that's reporting evidence that's not on the label that's been approved by FDA; true?

Q. And I'm assuming that what you were eager to go show him were lack of side effects data?

Q. Okay. But you wouldn't have been anxious to do that if the reported side effect data that was coming in was larger than what was on the label; true?

Q. Say if --

Q. And why couldn't that be given to him in writing?

Q. And I didn't draft this email. You did.

Q. "It will need to be communicated verbally."

Q. But you're going to tell him that same raw data?

Q. Okay. You weren't trying to get around one of those things, like sales personnel can't say anything other than what's on the label?

Q. So you never met with Dr. Gosy?

Q. So you left neither a verbal trail or

Q. Why did you need to see his prescribing data to accomplish that mission?

Q. The rest of the many pages of the email.

Q. It's the various opioid medications and how much he's used --

Q. Did you --

Q. If you look on the page that includes Exalgo. Do you see it? It's right at the top.

Q. You're now on the page.

Q. It doesn't appear that he is using much Exalgo.

Q. If you look down at "Generic for immediate release," immediately below.

Q. It's probably the case that he wasn't using it --

Q. -- which is in line with the original email?

Q. Did he ever become an Exalgo big prescriber?

Q. Just --

Q. This takes up a program that you had mentioned earlier in the day about, was it an Exalgo-specific program when you launched it, the "Expert on the Call"?

Q. Okay. And Ms. Blasser has seen the PowerPoint for "Expert on the Call"?

Q. I take it that would have been a PowerPoint Medical Affairs had put together?

Q. Okay. And, basically, as I -- there's a couple more of these we will deal with. It sounds like experts were recruited by Medical Affairs to be a participant in "Expert on the Call," where they would get calls from outlying physicians who had questions about Exalgo and could talk to them; is that --

Q. Okay. Were those experts on the call paid?

Q. How much?

Q. Was it for a call or only a successful call that resulted in an Exalgo script being written?

Q. And do you recall, was it a hundred bucks for a call, or so much per minute, or any other figure?

Q. Okay. And am I safe in assuming that the experts were prescribing themselves Exalgc?

Q. And what are the obvious reasons to you? Because they may be different than mine. But they may be the same.

Q. Well, and they are much more likely to communicate favorably about Exalgo if they are using it, true, just in the realm of human nature?

Q. How many expert on the calls for Exalgo were not prescribing Exalgo?

Q. Do you know --

Q. The --

Q. What -- why would they be in a program for a drug that they didn't use?

Q. And Ms. Blasser greets you and says: I just saw the PowerPoint for "Expert on the Call." Program looks awesome. As we discussed at the advanced training meeting -- Which I'm assuming is probably where she saw the program?

Q. -- I have a candidate for this, Dr. Lance Yarus. He has a lot of experience writing Exalgo, is a current KOL speaker with good reviews, and is a well-respected orthopedic surgeon/pain management physician in Pennsylvania . Did I read that correctly?

Q. And you write back: Nice to hear from you. Dr. Yarus could be a good fit for the program if you believe he would benefit from a consultation with a pain specialist on the specifics of rotating patients to Exalgo . So did you believe that she was putting Dr. Yarus forward as a caller into an "Expert on the Call"?

Q. Okay. And were callers in on the EOC program given an honorarium or any --

Q. Just got the information?

Q. For their benefit?

Q. And do you remember whether or not Dr. Yarus took advantage of that opportunity?

Q. And what is it about Ms. Blasser saying, "Please let me know your thoughts" --

Q. Mr. Morelli, this one comes from August of 2011 and is, again, on the EOC. This time an update.

Q. And that's the EOC program for Exalgo„! true?

Q. And the first message from you on page 2 --

Q. -- sent August 20th, appears to be an update showing two spreadsheets for are these the marketing and sales force, or who is this original report aimed at?

Q. Okay. And, in fact, what Ms. La Roux -- what you quoted her as saying is, quote: The majority of calls have been extremely successful in educating HCPs on the intricacies of Exalgo that will lead to increased prescriber confidence while promoting the safe use of our product . True?

Q. And so promoting safe use of cur product is an admirable goal; true?

Q. And the other one increased prescriber confidence while in Exalgo is a good effect on corporate sales and, thus, success cr failure of Exalgo; true?

Q. And then the next middle part was a success story from Denver -- or from the Western Regional Sales Director, from a Sales Specialist, directing his number two opioid prescriber in the territory and his number four, who happened tc work in the same office, to the "Expert on Call" program. And after that talk, the doctor said he was ready to prescribe Exalgo; true?

Q. And you write back: This is a phenomenal story. Thank you for sending it . True?

Q. Okay. And is that because the two goals we talked about, in Ms. La Roux's report to you, you could see being met? Here's someone getting the use in intricacies of Exalgo explained to them, and then turning around and writing them?

Q. Well, tell me why they are different but related.

Q. But the outcome, that was part of you saying it was a phenomenal story, was that the number two prescriber and his nurse practitioner, who was the number four prescriber in this region, who hadn't been prescribing Exalgo, were now prescribing it?

Q. And you assume, because I think that you never got to question those two physicians, that the explanation given of the Exalgo's intricacies had led them to open the door to wanting to prescribe it?

Q. Okay. That -- that was a specific danger that the Exalgo intricacies presented; true?

Q. And Exalgo had a challenging, unset time to add to that difficulty?

Q. I mean, it -- it wasn't -- if I'm taking IR molecule 1, and my doctor changes me to IR molecule 2, I might still have a reaction to 2. But in terms of getting 1 out of my system and 2 in without causing the combination that may be dangerous to me, there's not much trouble; correct?

Q. Trouble compared to an Exalgo slow onset --

Q. -- effect?

Q. This starts out, Exhibit 15, with an email from Jeff Patrick. And what division was he in?

Q. And did he answer to you directly or to someone else?

Q. And he's attached an article asking whether anybody on your team had reviewed it; correct?

Q. And the article from its abstract is hydromorphone being a molecule of particular interest, given its subjective similarities tc heroin and tendency to be misused by -- misused by illicit opioid users.

Q. Exalgo was hydromorphone?

Q. Extended release because of its capsule?

Q. So I'm assuming, with Exalgo being new to the market, an article that compared it to heroin in misuse would not be welcomed at Mallinckrodt?

Q. But in truth, in terms of promotion and sales of Exalgo to prescribing physicians, you would have issued that the article came out differently than what its authors concluded; true?

Q. And what is the data speaking for itself?

Q. And in the conclusions of the abstract, it says: Additional investigations into hydromorphone are warranted, particularly given previous findings regarding the prevalence of non-medical use of this document and its similarities to heroin . And you took that, as you just said, to mean that Exalgo seems different than a hydromorphone immediate-release formulation in these aspects; true?

Q. And where -- what data did you have to document that?

Q. Okay. But your determination that Exalgo is different than hydromorphone IR formulations in the aspects of its appeal to its similarity to heroin and its appeal to misuse by drug abusers, there was no study that proved that; true?

Q. But saying it's different from the IR formulations in the study is simply a hope; true?

Q. And in the pharmacokinetics, the difference between Exalgo and IR hydromorphone is a sharp peak in IR hydromorphone and a similar rise, but then more of a plateau for Exalgo; true?

Q. Okay. And your suspicion is that if tested for drug liking, that would show a difference between IR hydromorphone?

Q. And so "not according to wait for definitive scientific proof that our, bracket, Exalgo, end bracket, measures are effective, bracket, in making a different outcome than IR hydromorphone," was not what you were talking about? You were talking about, we have to keep on our program of trying to decrease misuse of Exalgo?

Q. Let me ask you to turn back to Exhibit 6.

Q. It will be the thickest one in your stack.

Q. And this is the sales force training REMS and safe use.

Q. And I will ask you to turn to the first actual slide instead of just the title slide.

Q. The one on your left.

Q. And this is a -- an address from Dr. Lynn Webster addressed to the sales force.

Q. We talked about Dr. Webster earlier. You remembered his name?

Q. And that he worked at Lifetree Clinical Research and Pain Clinic?

Q. And why did you think he was a -- the right person to address the sales force in terms of -- I'm assuming this is -- since it's REMS and safe use, it's Exalgo related?

Q. Okay. So why Dr. Webster?

Q. Was he paid either through your budget or some other budget to do the video that was shown to this sales force?

Q. And which budget?

Q. Do you recall how much?

Q. Okay. At the time you left Mallinckrodt, I'm assuming that that -- a video of that presentation would have been available -- was still there?

Q. And -- I think you told me earlier that Dr. Webster was also active in the American Academy of Pain Management?

Q. Was on the board, or whatever their directing body was, at one point or another?

Q. Okay. And was he, at any time while you were at Mallinckrodt, a Covidien KOL, a key opinion leader?

Q. In that place as a KOL for REMS and safe use, he would have been under your budget in Medical Affairs?

Q. And were there specific Exalgc budget outlines in your Medical Affairs?

Q. Did he or Lifetree get any grants from Covidien that you know?

Q. And what was that study?

Q. And what was the subject of the said study?

Q. And what, if you recall, was the general outcome of the study?

Q. And what were the --

Q. • And did that research paper and finding lead to any label changes, like asking the FDA to let us say to dose it in the morning?

Q. Not enough participants?

Q. Had -- at the time that you left Mallinckrodt, had you personally met Dr. Webster?

Q. • Okay. And did you have a high opinion of him?

Q. He developed a five-question survey that he called, "The Opioid Risk Tool"?

Q. And you are a supporter of that tool?

Q. And he asserted that it would, quote, predict accurately which individuals may develop aberrant behaviors when prescribed opioids for chronic pain; true?

Q. As you recall it?

Q. And was the book -- or one of the books that he published called, "The Painful Truth: What Chronic Pain is Really Like, and Why it Matters To Each of Us in Avoiding Opioid Abuse While Managing Pain"?

Q. Have you ever read his book? Did you read it back at the time?

Q. And not since?

Q. Okay. Were you aware Dr. Webster and the Lifetree Clinic were investigated by the DEA for over-prescribing opioids?

Q. And apparently it was -- they had 20 patients die from overdoses that led to the --

Q. And do you recall that the DEA reported that he was prescribing a staggering number of opioid pills to patients under his care?

Q. That's where what?

Q. Investigations?

Q. In fact, there was someone, a Lifetree patient, who overdosed in 2007 who was taking as many as 32 pain pills a day in the year before she died; do you recall that?

Q. Would -- there's another patient who sought treatment for pain at Lifetree after a serious car accident and multiple spine surgeries, quickly became addicted to opioids, and was prescribed increasing quantities of pills. At the time of her death, she was on seven different medications, totaling approximately 600 pills a month. Did you hear of that?

Q. Another one who sought treatment from Lifetree for chronic low back pain and headaches died at age 42 after Lifetree clinicians increased her prescriptions to 14 different drugs, including multiple opioids, for a total of 1,158 pills a month. Were you aware of that?

Q. If those three stories were consistent with the practices at Lifetree, would that fit within Art Morelli's definition of a pill mill?

Q. Since some of these things were in 2007 and 2008, at least as reported, Dr. Webster would have had them on his copy book at the time that you were introducing him to your sales staff at Covidien; true?

Q. Did you know about any DEA investigation or patient deaths at the time when you were presenting him to the sales staff?

Q. I take it, based on Art Morelli's approach to truth and evidentiary-based results, had you heard those things, you would have had them investigated and found out the truth of them?

Q. And if, in fact, patients at Dr. Webster's clinic were getting as many as 32 pain pills a day, would you be inviting him into Mallinckrodt?

Q. 600 pills a month, a real red flag?

Q. Did you -- did you happen to call anyone who you knew at Covidien, who was still there, and say, my God, look at what -- I just learned this stuff about Dr. Webster; is he still on staff?

Q. Was he still in the Covidien orbit of speakers?

Q. Did you speak with anyone at Covidien to pass on the information you had heard? Because I'm assuming what you heard did not qualify him, in your eyes, as remaining a spokesperson for an organization you were involved with?

Q. Mr. Morelli, this is a February 2011 --

Q. -- about a REMS KAB survey, email string.

Q. Are you finished reading?

Q. Okay. Is this an episode that you recall independently, now that you've read this email string?

Q. Okay. And if you'll turn to the second page, the back of the first page for you, a Tammy Spicer writes to Shawna Hawkins -- Hankins about an experience she's just had with a nurse practitioner in a pain management office.

Q. Who was Shawna Hankins? In Medical Affairs or outside?

Q. And if you'll start reading for me in the first paragraph after "Hi, Shawna." And you may have already seen this, that sentence. The sentence that starts with, "Ironically."

Q. "With it." Go ahead and just read it, please, fcr the record.

Q. Well, as I read it --

Q. Okay. Well, do you remember Sandy Gallo as perhaps a high prescriber of --

Q. -- or a big cheese in pain management?

Q. So I'm assuming that what Ms. Spicer is talking about, is that physicians may or may not be interested in hearing about a new medication?

Q. Well, when I read, "I just got an approval to mention Exalgo in her office," I'm assuming Sandy Gallo has the power of which drug reps she wants to let into her office and which drugs they get to talk about. Does that --

Q. And then read on from, "To highlight the document."

Q. Hold on. You skipped --

Q. You read through, "Mention Exalgo in her office," in the first paragraph. Start that next sentence.

Q. And then, 1?

Q. Okay. And then somehow Shawna responds -- it says, "Shawna responds." Oh, there it is. Or moves it up to you and Mr. Wickline?

Q. Okay. And says -- or to Mr. Wesler, I guess is the "Mike" in --

Q. And wants to know where we landed on this one with sending out a heads-up to the customer facing teams?

Q. Okay. And then Ms. Kissinger chimes in and says that Lori Macklin saw this in her territory last week too. Do you remember a Lori Macklin?

Q. Okay. And then Mr. Wickline writes to you.

Q. To say that it would appear that the REMS survey is causing some concern among some of our customers and catching the reps off guard.

Q. Well, first of all, was it true that there was a hundred dollar per prescription of Exalgo, up to ten, that a provider wrote as long as they agreed to fill out a survey?

Q. Okay. What was the program for -- I'm assuming this is a KAB survey?

Q. Which --

Q. Which stands for?

Q. Okay. And so how did this message -- you're saying no one was offered a hundred dollars to fill out that survey?

Q. Okay. And were they required to have written a prescription before they got the survey?

Q. A prescription for Exalgo?

Q. And did you tell the FDA that you were going to pay people to fill out the survey?

Q. And was it -- where did the up to ten prescriptions per hundred dollars come from?

Q. And then they got a hundred bucks, the physician, or did they get a larger amount?

Q. And then later, up above, your response is that: You agree with what you just told me, the details of the REMS assessment and the need for the KAB survey at the manager's meeting . And I'm assuming that's you or somebody from Medical Affairs --

Q. -- telling district managers, regional managers

Q. -- why it was, and they could then pass that on to their people?

Q. Their respective people; correct?

Q. She agreed with that?

Q. Okay. And then you thought address it during breakouts at the NSM via sales management at the PPS Team.

Q. Can you --

Q. And basically you told them before the next steps, that you had met your FDA and -- for surveys of 150?

Q. But then you were going to have another survey in a few months, in which the survey respondents need to be different?

Q. And no patient input in the survey process? I mean, patient surveys?

Q. And then you see the black box, which is --

Q. -- has been redacted. As we saw earlier, your social security number, or things like that, are often redacted. This one, William, puzzles me. Do ycu recall --

Q. I mean, given that your response and answers about the survey are not -- and unless you went to a lawyer in-house, wouldn't be privileged, do you have any idea what else might have been on here?

Q. Mr. Morelli, you now have what's been marked as Exhibit 17 in front of you, which is a single-page email and then attachments, which are the FDA comments on the REMS documents. And I'm assuming they are the REMS for Exalgo?

Q. Okay. And the -- at the top there's -- you're included in an email copied about an invite to the meeting tomorrow.

Q. Do you recall a meeting on the FDA's responses to Covidien's submission of REMS for Exalgo?

Q. And did it take place in St. Louis?

Q. Okay. And who all do you recall being at the meeting?

Q. Given the slide show presentations I've seen, and your earlier testimony, you held a pretty high perch in the REMS for Exalgo world --

Q. -- within Covidien?

Q. Do you recall there being any dissension or blame given at the meeting to discuss these?

Q. One can go to a business meeting, and it will be a very cooperative meeting of however many people are there to come up with a response to an outside agency's criticism of some project that the company has done. You've been to meetings like that, I assume?

Q. And there are other meetings at which there's blame and dispute and disagreement on how we're going to respond. Do you -- you've been to meetings like that?

Q. Do you recall whether this meeting, about starting to respond to what the FDA had responded to the submitted REMS, was one or the other?

Q. Okay. And you read then, and I think you have read it again today, the FDA's response. It's true that REMS are supposed to fully and fairly explain the risks and benefits of the drug to prescribers, pharmacists, caregivers, and patients? That's the goal?

Q. No, I was just reading -- that was just a general statement.

Q. Okay. They are not -- REMS are not intended to be promotional vehicles?

Q. And that was certainly in keeping with your personal goal and Medical Affairs goal of presenting science and medicine-based, evidence-based decision-making; true?

Q. And promotion in marketing doesn't belong in that either?

Q. Okay. Turn in the FDA's response to boldfaced B, "Specific Comments." And in number one the FDA said: There's concern that the proposed REMS materials minimize the risks of Exalgo by omitting the REMS-specific risk information within the body of the letters and the brochure . Do you see that?

Q. And they thought that how you submitted or didn't submit, omitting REMS-specific risk information within the body of the -- are those patient letters or physician letters?

Q. They wanted the risk sharing strengthened in your letters to match the label?

Q. Okay. And, in general terms, minimizing the risk of a medication would be expected to make it -- make more physicians want to prescribe it because it has lower risk?

Q. Is that a "Yes"?

Q. Okay. And the FDA wanted Mallinckrodt to change that about the REMS for Exalgo?

Q. Okay. Number two, the proposed REMS materials present the claim, quote, the adverse event profile of once daily Exalgo is typical of strong opioids, period, end quote. The proposed claim minimizes the risks associated with Exalgo therapy .

Q. So the same thing as number one, a criticism that the drafted REMS from Mallinckrodt minimized or understated the risk, and that might lead to inadvertent overuse on the part of physicians?

Q. Do you see any other reason, other than misleading physicians into underestimating the risk, because the risk hasn't been spelled out in the REMS materials for them, the FDA wanting this change?

Q. Number two --

Q. And then, number three: The content and order of presentation of the risk information within the proposed REMS materials minimizes the risks associated with Exalgo . And then they gave you an example of presenting the most commonly reported adverse offense on page 1, while the boxed label or warning -- label warning isn't -- is presented on page 3 after the signature line.

Q. Did you draft these REMS?

Q. Commonly reported adverse events, what would those have included in Exalgo?

Q. Constipation?

Q. And that is a commonly -- common one?

Q. Nausea and vomiting. Any others that would have been put on page 1?

Q. And the black box warning would have addiction, overdose, death, respiratory depression; correct?

Q. And so those, for want of -- in a layman's terms -- scarier risks are on page 3, and the most common, but not really all that life-threatening risks, are put on page 1; that's what happened --

Q. -- as you read this?

Q. Okay. Because the FDA made you?

Q. No. 4: Mallinckrodt, in its draft, left out the specific part of the indications on the label that it wasn't for -- Exalgo was not for acute pain, mild pain, or pain that wasn't expected to persist for an extensive period of time . True?

Q. Okay. And the effect of that, not putting in those specific "Don't use it for A, B, and C," is to potentially leave patients or prescribers ignorant of the fact that it's not for those reasons?

Q. And in this instance, what it's --

Q. -- specifically not indicated for --

Q. -- if the FDA in your label says you need to mention these, not uses in your label; true?

Q. And, again, Mallinckrodt submitted it without the "don't use it for these things" part of the label?

Q. Number five and number seven, the FDA decided that those two were promotional in tone?

Q. And that was in number five; right?

Q. And then what about in seven?

Q. I will read it to you: Remove the second paragraph of the letters. These claims and presentation are promotional in tone and focus on promoting the benefits of the treatment rather than on educating about the serious risks of treatment, period .

Q. And, again, when you looked at this, you agreed that the FDA was right to say --

Q. -- to take it out?

Q. Well, and to put benefits in under those rules is to promote?

Q. Okay. And then if we go to number eight in the D Section, there was a text box on top of the letters, apparently?

Q. And the presentation of the information within the box has a header, "Minimizes the REMS risks associated with Exalgo." And, again, the FDA in REMS didn't accept what it viewed as Exalgo's drafting or layout that tended to minimize the risks?

Q. Ready, Mr. Morelli?

Q. All right. This is -- the first page of 18 is a Suspicious Order Monitoring Team Charter, and it shows as of updated 4-7-11 -- right next -- under the charter.

Q. -- that you were listed as a member of the Suspicious Order Monitoring Steering Committee as of April 7, 2011. Was that true?

Q. Okay. When were you appointed to that team?

Q. Were you on it when you were a consultant?

Q. Okay. So sometime after the end of October, 2009, up to April of 2011, you would have become a member?

Q. Okay. Before being appointed to the Mallinckrodt Suspicious Order Monitoring Team, had you ever served on a Suspicious Order Monitoring Team before?

Q. Ever had any contact with that in the pharmaceutical business, suspicious order monitoring?

Q. And what was your basic understanding?

Q. And does safety involved in reducing diversion, may not be to an individual patient being prescribed medications and taking it that has safety aspects around it, but the public safety?

Q. Do you recall how you were appointed or by whom to the Suspicious Order Monitoring Team?

Q. Do you remember replacing someone else from Medical Affairs?

Q. Did you ever learn that we always had somebody from Medical Affairs on the Suspicious Order Monitoring Team?

Q. Okay. And it looks like the steering committee, which is where you show up, had once-a-quarter meetings?

Q. Does that fit with your memory?

Q. Do you have a memory of how many times you remember going to the suspicious order monitoring quarterly meeting?

Q. And I don't see anybody else from Medical Affairs that was on it, at least at this point. Was there ever any other -- when you were on the team, was there any other Medical Affairs person?

Q. Okay. What was your job or role on the Suspicious Order Monitoring Team, if any?

Q. Okay. And explain to me how you explained to them that suspicious order monitoring and accurate REMS, in the case of Exalgo, fit together into one goal?

Q. And did you -- were you a voice for more data, get whatever we can to show where cur drugs are going?

Q. Okay. And I think you've answered this indirectly by what you were talking about, you know, a pharmacy, that's been ordering ten bottles, ten bottles, ten bottles and then orders a hundred bottles. Do you recall, while you were on the Suspicious Order Monitoring Team, that there were triggers of purchase by, be it a clinic buying directly or a distributor or a pharmacy, that would trigger what was called a peculiar order?

Q. Okay. And peculiar orders would then be looked at more closely to see if there was a reasonable explanation for why it doubled; do you recall that?

Q. Okay. Do you recall that prior to April 10th of 2010, Mallinckrodt had a two times monthly -- within two times of the monthly order of the previous years as the triggering event?

Q. And having served on the Suspicious Order Monitoring Committee -- and I will ask you to assume that at one point Mallinckrodt did have a 2X purchasing trigger point for peculiar and then suspicious order investigation. Can you make that assumption for me?

Q. Since you don't know that that's what it was.

Q. Assuming that to be true, do you see any reason, based on your years in the pharma industry or your service on the Suspicious Order Monitoring Team in the time you were at Mallinckrodt from 2009 to 2011, when, as you put it, there was a huge opioid problem, that it would make sense for the Suspicious Order Monitoring Program to increase the trigger to three times?

Q. Were you aware, during your time at Mallinckrodt, that for opioid abuse or use or overuse, Florida was a hot spot?

Q. And what other hot spots geographic did you become aware of for the opioid pain space?

Q. How about Ohio?

Q. Okay. Which other ones, then, did?

Q. You did.

Q. Okay. I'm assuming that you don't recall being around when the trigger point went from two times previous annual monthly sales to three times?

Q. I'm calling it a trigger point. But basically you've sort of identified yourself that what you're doing in suspicious order monitoring is looking at patterns and amount of purchase?

Q. And then you've got to have some level at which you say, I'm going to call this amount two times as much --

Q. -- as the year before not likely to just be variation that goes on in a -- all lines are -- very few lines are straight, and they are going to be going up and down day by day and week by week, but if it gets to two times, then I'm gcing to look into it; do you recall that?

Q. And you certainly don't recall that going from two to three?

Q. Okay. Assume that there is some trigger or purchase level that would cause Mallinckrodt's Suspicious Order Monitoring Committee to call it a peculiar order and ask that it be looked into. Okay?

Q. That's a hypothetical. Yes? Can you make that assumption?

Q. Would you send, based again on your experience in pharma, a member of the sales team or marketing team to determine whether or not the order should be cleared?

Q. Why not?

Q. And would you let those wholesale relationship people -- how do they build that relationship, in the --

Q. -- sales relationship with the wholesalers?

Q. Okay. And do you recall ever being told about or looking at the data of suspicious order monitoring claims that needed investigation going up or down in your time on the board or on the committee?

Q. As far as you know, it was just flat --

Q. -- what you were getting from a quarterly meeting?

Q. Did you get reports, either weekly, monthly, quarterly, or anything about how suspicious order monitoring programs were working?

Q. As a member of the board?

Q. I keep calling it the board.

Q. The team.

Q. Okay. Now, decreasing diversion -- although, as you pointed out, not an FDA thing -- that was an important Covidien goal; true?

Q. And across all the opioids, not just Exalgo?

Q. Okay. And let me ask you to look at Exhibit 19 --

Q. -- which you also have there. And I will send you to -- it looks like I've got page 3 on it.

Q. That's -- that's not it No.

Q. This is, "Safe and Appropriate Use of Opioids from C.A.R.E.S. Alliance."

Q. All right. Now, "Introducing C.A.R.E.S. Alliance."

Q. And there's a mission statement; right?

Q. And then there are objectives. And read the first objective of the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance.

Q. So diversion is and was important to Mallinckrodt?

Q. Can you -- assuming that my hypothetical is right, and Mallinckrodt increased the increase of order necessary to cause investigation of the order, how that possibly helped reduce diversion?

Q. Okay. So what do you call the pill mill in Florida, where physician A is both dispensing and prescribing plaids as fast as he or she can just for the profit of it?

Q. And would that be something that Mallinckrodt had an interest, when you were there, in identifying and stopping, if it could?

Q. And why do you say, "we did it"?

Q. Okay. During your time as Vice President of Medical Affairs at Mallinckrodt, were you familiar with the phrase that an opioid manufacturer needed to, quote, know its customer, end quote?

Q. And you never heard, either, another phrase, "You don't only have to know your customer but also his customer"?

Q. You would agree with me, though, that in terms of safety in the opioid space, to the extent Mallinckrodt had the ability to be aware of where its distributors' customers might be selling its opioids downstream, it would need to make use of that ability to find out where its drugs were going?

Q. All right. And also if it had the ability on data that it had within its possession and control, that it could use that to identify downstream clients that might be buying from multiple sources?

Q. And would that be something that Mallinckrodt would be all over?

Q. Were you ever aware of something called charge-back data?

Q. When did you become aware of that?

Q. Prior to going to Mallinckrodt?

Q. And did you have any thought, while you were there, that Mallinckrodt probably had charge-back data that would give it insight into where the drugs -- its drugs were ending up?

Q. Sitting here, and based on your knowledge from other pharmaceutical uses, what is a charge-back?

Q. And in a -- say Mallinckrodt sells generic oxy to Cardinal at a given price.

Q. And then market factors influence that for Cardinal to sell it, it's got to sell it at

Q. And that's where charge-backs come into the pharmaceutical instrument; is that true?

Q. And that means that Cardinal informs Mallinckrodt of the sale and how badly it got hurt, and Mallinckrodt then makes what's called a charge-back relief, so to speak, on what Cardinal owes for the drugs; right?

Q. If we're dealing with opioids, when Mallinckrodt would receive charge-back data from a distributor, a customer of its, and received charge-back data from another distributor, it would have potentially a list of physicians or clinics who were buying from both distributors; true?

Q. And --

Q. Other than in Florida?

Q. They are a dispensing state where the physicians dispense.

Q. Oh, yeah.

Q. Wasn't that one of the big fuelers of the Florida pill mills especially?

Q. Well, assuming that Mallinckrodt had that charge-back data -- which it would have; correct?

Q. From all of the places where it sold its drug on the distributor label -- level?

Q. And that charge-back data, the Mallinckrodt direct customer has to give it, Mallinckrodt, information about where those drugs went; correct?

Q. Okay. Do you see any reason not to add charge-back data to that other data that you have from the prescriptions itself?

Q. Well, if Mallinckrodt was truly a champion in eliminating the over-sale and overuse of opioids in the time that you were there, wouldn't you expect them to look into every possible way of identifying misuse by identifying where large amounts of their drugs were going?

Q. Okay. And you did that because that was consistent with your view of the responsibilities of responsible pharmaceutical companies; correct?

Q. You didn't make that up as an Art Morelli code of honor; did you?

Q. And you would expect any other responsible member of the pharmaceutical industry to do -- reach for the same goal that you were reaching for; true?

Q. Let's look at --

Q. Mr. Morelli, you've got Exhibit 20 in front of you. And I will tell you, for the record, it's a portion, just to cut down on forest loss, of the entire presentation. And I wanted to turn your attention to the back page, which is headed, "Team Membership."

Q. And this is a list people in Medical Affairs in the first row; correct?

Q. And it then says who does what on Strategy and Development Team, Exalgo Implementation Team, PENNSAID Implementation Team, and then Generic Products Implementation Team. Who -- it says everyone in PPS is in on the Generic Products Implementation Team. Is that a REMS team, or what? What's being implemented?

Q. And then PV, what part of Medical Affairs was that? I have forgotten if you told me.

Q. And that was Danielle?

Q. But specifically for generics implementation?

Q. And that's, again, just to do with the REMS? That was all that you guys had to do with -- any generic that required REMS from the FDA?

Q. Okay. But, I mean, 2007 you hadn't even arrived at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Are you -- have you read it, Mr. Morelli?

Q. This is an email string between yourself and Rod Hughes with some other CCs on it?

Q. And the subject line from Mr. Hughes is, "Prescription Pain Killers, colon, Company's Attempt Abuse Proof °plaids, ABC News." Correct?

Q. And then Mr. Hughes writes to JoAnna Schooler. Was she in Medical Affairs?

Q. JoAnna, I am sure ycu have this, but I wanted to highlight this just in case. It is remarkable how Purdue has positioned their product as abuse proof. They did this by showing no data. The Exalgo deterrent abuse features are just as good, if not better, than Oxycontins. In fact, that tablet also uses Polyox as the excipient . Did I read that correctly?

Q. Was there Polyox in Exalgo?

Q. Okay. And what, as you recall, was the function of Polyox?

Q. Which means to?

Q. And what -- what did Polyox add to the drug?

Q. Did it make it more bioavailable?

Q. And you think Exalgo may have used it as well?

Q. Did it have any potential abuse deterrent reason to be in either Oxycontin or in Exalgo?

Q. All right. And your comment to what Mr. Hughes wrote to JoAnna was: Another reminder of who we are dealing with and why our industry has the problems it does. We must lead .

Q. "We," Covidien?

Q. "Who we were dealing with" was Purdue?

Q. Okay. And why did you, Art Morelli, believe that in 2000 -- 2011 the industry, the pharmaceutical industry, or more narrowly the opioid pain space -- which one were you targeting?

Q. And explain to me your phrasing of, "This is why our industry has problems"?

Q. Well, and from the Art Morelli who has appeared today, don't make that statement without showing data that supports it; correct?

Q. And so were you expressing your frustration in having to be in competition with a company who you thought ignored the principles of pharmaceutical safety and reporting?

Q. And what was the industrywide problem that you were referencing?

Q. And Mr. Hughes wrote back that he agreed?

Q. Did you ever sit down and have a discussion with Mr. Hughes --

Q. -- about this series of events?

Q. When you decided to leave Mallinckrodt, part of it, you said, was not wanting to remain in St. Louis; correct?

Q. Okay. You also, though, had -- were just into the -- not the launch, but the development of Exalgo; correct?

Q. And you put in the REMS?

Q. How did Exalgo do? Did you keep track of your little baby after you left?

Q. Did you get enough information to determine whether or not it had been a hit drug or a so-so drug, or a drug that never quite caught on?

Q. Is it still on the market?

Q. Genericized with the OROs or just as --

Q. And what did you do immediately after leaving Mallinckrodt?

Q. Any of them opioids, those REMS that you were --

Q. -- getting together?

Q. And were they branded opioids or were they generics?

Q. Have you ever had discussions of going back to work for Covidien?

Q. Has anyone else, that you had a good working relationship, left Covidien and spoken to you about it?

Q. You said that you had -- and maybe I overheard it -- talks with Art [sic] Neuman, that you would have brought something up if you knew about it. Have you had discussions with -- is he Dr. Neuman?

Q. Okay. What have you worked with him on?

Q. Is Mr. Neuman still at Covidien?

Q. Did you ever trade stories about your days at Covidien with Dr. Neuman?

Q. That's a new privilege that's not recognized, but --

Q. So I am assuming that you did have talks with him in which you said -- unless you had no frustrations during the time when you were at Covidien -- here's what I couldn't take, or here's what drove me crazy when I was at Covidien, telling it to Dr. Neuman?

Q. Having mentioned and spoken to you today, it is, as you said in an earlier answer, that you had a very high principle. And one of the things that I take away from being able to ask you questions today, is that your personal approach to safety was, it was an all-or-nothing, bottom-line thing that pharmaceutical companies needed to address, especially in the opioid space. Did I get that right?

Q. And was there ever any frustration that Covidien was not as ardent about that as you were?

Q. And what you were doing, during the time you were an employee, was all, if not exclusively, greatly the majority in Exalgo; true?

Q. And the --

Q. And you can't tell me, haven't been able to tell me today, much about what was going on in the generic opioid space, even with Mallinckrodt; true?

Q. Ghastly?

Q. Do you think they are in pain?

Q. You just were asked a question about the sales force's task at Mallinckrodt. Do ycu recall that?

Q. And that they were to mix with doctors and give them risks and benefits; correct?

Q. Did you have any role in following up to see if the sales force stuck to that assigned task or expanded their discussions with doctors?