Witness:  Bonnie New
Attorney: MR. Gotto
Source:   MNKOI0004562546
============================================================

Q. Good morning, Ms. New.

Q. As you heard when we went on the record, my name is Gary Gotto, and I'm one of the lawyers representing plaintiffs in the opioid litigation. We've never met before just a few minutes before we went on the record this morning, correct?

Q. Could you tell me by whom are you employed?

Q. Okay. And when did you leave Mallinckrodt?

Q. And are you currently employed?

Q. Okay. What is your residence address? . .

Q. Thank you. Have you ever given a deposition before?

Q. Okay. I'm sure your counsel has given you a sense of what to expect here today, but I'll be asking questions, some of the other counsel may ask you some questions. The court reporter will prepare

Q. We'll take breaks about every hour or so, but if you need a break before then, just let me know, and as long as there's not a question pending, I'm sure we'll be able to accommodate you. Okay?

Q. Are you on any medication today?

Q. Anything that might affect your ability, your memory or your ability, to clearly recollect events from several years ago?

Q. Okay. Great. Any other reason you wouldn't be able to testify truthfully and fully today?

Q. Great. I asked you about deposition testimony. Have you ever testified at a trial?

Q. Okay. Let me hand you what we've marked as Exhibit 1, which is the notice of deposition for today's deposition. Have you seen that document previously? And take your time to look through it.

Q. Great. Have you seen the document before?

Q. Okay. When did you first learn of today's deposition?

Q. Okay. And I don't want you to divulge the substance of any communication with counsel, but how did you learn of the deposition?

Q. Okay. From the law firm?

Q. Okay. If you turn to Schedule A on Exhibit 1, there are a series of definitions followed by Roman Numeral II on the second page are instructions, followed by Roman Numeral III, documents to be produced. And if you look under request for production number 2, it requests all documents, including electronic data and e-mail, in your possession related in any way to any defendants' manufacture, marketing, et cetera. I won't read the whole sentence. It goes on from there. Have you brought any documents with you today that are responsive to this request?

Q. Okay. Did you make an effort to identify any documents that you have in your personal possession or control that would be responsive to this request?

Q. Okay. So you don't have any

Q. Okay. So you don't have any hard copy of any Mallinckrodt-related materials in your personal possession or control?

Q. Okay. Or any computer drives that have any electronic

Q. Anything of that nature?

Q. Okay. How about did you use a cell phone for your Mallinckrodt-related work while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And did you retain that cell phone?

Q. Okay. Okay. Great. You can set that aside. I'd like to understand what you did to prepare for today's deposition. Again, in answering these questions, I don't want you to divulge the substance of any communication you've had with counsel. And incidentally, you are represented by counsel here today, correct?

Q. And are you paying for that representation?

Q. Do you know who is?

Q. And who is that?

Q. Okay. Are you being compensated in any way for your attendance here today?

Q. Or for your preparation for the deposition?

Q. Okay. So tell me what you did to prepare for today's deposition.

Q. Okay. And once? More than once? How many times?

Q. Okay. And when did those meetings occur?

Q. And were those personal meetings?

Q. And who was present at those meetings?

Q. Okay. How long did each of those meetings last?

Q. Okay. Did you bring any materials to those meetings to review during the meetings?

Q. And did you review some documents at the meetings?

Q. Okay. Did your review of those documents refresh your recollection in any regard?

Q. Can you tell me the -- any subject matters as to which you can recall your recollection being refreshed by document review?

Q. Okay. Any particular accounts you can recall your recollection being refreshed?

Q. Okay. Have you reviewed any transcripts of any other depositions given in this litigation?

Q. Have you reviewed any transcripts of any court proceedings that occurred in this litigation?

Q. Have you reviewed any complaints filed by any of the plaintiffs in this litigation?

Q. Have you reviewed any other materials that have been filed with the court in this litigation?

Q. Have you had occasion to have any conversations with any other individuals who have given testimony in connection with this litigation?

Q. Do you have an understanding of the nature of the claims that are asserted in this litigation?

Q. And what is that understanding?

Q. So I understand you left Mallinckrodt last June. When did you start working for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. So you were there for quite a while.

Q. Before we get into your Mallinckrodt employment, maybe you could briefly describe for me your post-high school education.

Q. When did you obtain your MBA?

Q. And from what institution?

Q. And when did you obtain your undergraduate degree?

Q. And from what institution?

Q. And a BA? A BS? What was it?

Q. Okay. So I take it you -- were you employed by Mallinckrodt while you were matriculating through your undergraduate degree and for your MBA?

Q. Okay. Did Mallinckrodt subsidize or pick up the cost of your education?

Q. Great. Prior to joining Mallinckrodt in 1989, did you have any employment background that was related in any way to the pharmaceuticals industry?

Q. Okay. Tell me the circumstances under which you came to be employed by Mallinckrodt.

Q. And what was a traffic expediter's role?

Q. Did you have any background or training that was adapted to that particular job?

Q. And for how long did you serve in that capacity?

Q. In the traffic expediter role?

Q. And so what did you move into after that five-year period?

Q. And what does membership and contracting consist of in this context?

Q. And a GPO account is what?

Q. And you were in that capacity for about five years?

Q. Okay. So that should take us to about 1999 or so?

Q. Okay. Where did you -- what did you move into at that point?

Q. Okay. And when you moved into the pharmaceutical division, what role did you take?

Q. When you say they were investigating a possibility of an inside sales team, does that mean they didn't have an inside sales team before then?

Q. Okay. And so who was involved in making that decision?

Q. Okay. What caused you to move to the pharmaceutical division in approximately 1999?

Q. Okay. Who was that?

Q. So describe for me what your role was in marketing when you joined the pharmaceuticals division.

Q. Okay. And you had responsibilities in connection with that?

Q. Okay. And contract compliance in this setting means what?

Q. Okay. So when you first joined the pharmaceutical division, what was your title?

Q. I understand. This is not a memory test today.

Q. I completely understand. And the only rule is you can't ask me what I was doing in 1999.

Q. Okay. So do you remember who you reported to?

Q. And do you remember -- is that

Q. Okay. Do you remember what her position was?

Q. I mean, can you describe it, even if you don't remember the title?

Q. So prior to joining the pharmaceutical division, did your employment at Mallinckrodt require you to have any familiarity with the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Okay. And again, prior to joining the pharmaceutical division, did your employment at Mallinckrodt require you to have any familiarity with any DEA regulations?

Q. Okay. Now, once you joined the pharmaceutical division, did your employment require you to have some familiarity with the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. And with DEA regulation?

Q. So how did you become familiar with the Controlled Substances Act and the applicable DEA regulation that you needed to have familiarity with for your employment?

Q. So the training sessions that you're referring to, were they some sort of classroom, presentation-type sessions?

Q. Were they in-house Mallinckrodt presentations?

Q. Okay. You don't recall taking -- attending a seminar given by a third party elsewhere, that sort of thing?

Q. Okay. At any time or -- I'm really focused now on the -- you know, when you first joined pharmaceutical --

Q. -- and became familiar with the applicable regulatory environment.

Q. Okay. Do you remember who conducted the training sessions that you attended?

Q. And do you remember the subject matters that were covered in those training sessions?

Q. When you first joined the pharmaceuticals division and you mentioned pharmacies. Were there pharmacies among the Mallinckrodt customers that you had responsibilities for?

Q. Okay. Apart from the chain pharmacies that you dealt with, what other customers did you have responsibilities for?

Q. Yes, when you first joined the pharmaceutical division.

Q. Okay. So the major account you personally had responsibility for, at least early on, was Kroger?

Q. And where were they based; do you recall?

Q. And I take it you also had some dealings with some of the other chain pharmacies?

Q. Can you recall any others?

Q. Right.

Q. Okay. And AmerisourceBergen, what was the nature of their business at that time?

Q. Okay. And so AmerisourceBergen, were they a customer of Mallinckrodt's at that time?

Q. Okay. Were they a distributor?

Q. A wholesaler. Okay. And what's the distinction, at least at that time in your mind, between a wholesaler and a distributor?

Q. Okay. And the AmerisourceBergen relationship that you said didn't work out, was this a new relationship?

Q. And again, the nature of that program was what?

Q. And so -- and when you say "drive compliance" in this setting, I think you testified a little earlier that was for their customers to comply with the projected sales levels in their contracts?

Q. And so what was the -- what were the kinds of things that you worked on, understanding that the program didn't work out? But what was -- what are the kinds of things that you worked on to try to help them drive compliance?

Q. Okay. Did you have similar tools that you used with the pharmacies that were Mallinckrodt direct customers?

Q. Okay. When you first joined the pharmaceutical division, how were you compensated?

Q. And did you receive any -- were you eligible for any bonus or supplemental compensation?

Q. Okay. Did you have any goals that were expressed in terms of sales levels for any particular customers?

Q. Okay. So how long did you stay in the marketing role that we've been discussing?

Q. Okay. During that time period that you were in that marketing role, what were the principal products that Mallinckrodt was -- manufactured or had available for sale that you had responsibilities for?

Q. Sure. So what were some of the principal products that you can recall being available at that time?

Q. Okay. So what was the next position at Mallinckrodt that you moved into?

Q. Okay. Can you describe how your responsibilities changed from this marketing responsibilities that you held for around five years?

Q. Okay. And you don't know when that occurred?

Q. Well, can you recall what other positions you've held at Mallinckrodt after the initial --

Q. Let me hand you what we've marked as Exhibit 2, which is a two-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0008393345. It appears to be a February 21, 2006 letter offering you a position as regional account manager. Could you take a moment and look through that document and tell me if you recognize it?

Q. Okay. Great. So it's dated February 21, 2006, approximately consistent with your recollection of approximate time periods that you were in your various other positions at Mallinckrodt. So is this -- does this refresh your recollection as to when you became a regional account manager?

Q. Okay. And that is your signature on the offer accepted line?

Q. And signed by Sabrina Hairston. Do you remember who Sabrina Hairston was?

Q. Okay. Do you recall the circumstances under which you came to be a regional account manager?

Q. Okay. And what was the reason for that?

Q. Okay. Did you view it as a career advancement?

Q. Okay. The letter indicates that your starting salary on an annualized basis was $75,000 with a potential year-term increase to $81,400. Do you see that?

Q. Is that consistent with your recollection as to your compensation levels?

Q. And then indicates variable compensation, you'll be eligible to participate in the generic sales incentive compensation program. Do you see that?

Q. And did you participate in that program?

Q. How did that program work?

Q. Okay. In general, was it a program that was based on sales levels?

Q. Okay. So this initial pro the generic sales incentive compensation program that's referred to in this letter, do you recall approximately how long you participated in that program?

Q. Okay. And do you remember what the components were, apart from sales levels --

Q. Okay. Do you recall if you continued to participate in the generic sales incentive compensation program after fiscal 2006?

Q. Well, why don't we just -- let's go at it this way. For how long were you a regional account manager?

Q. Okay. And so you're a regional account manager through summer of '06 or so?

Q. Okay. And then you moved to being a national account manager?

Q. Okay. What were the circumstances under which you moved from regional to national?

Q. Okay. When you became a national account manager, did you -- you received a salary at that point?

Q. And was it increased from what it had been originally?

Q. Do you recall approximately by how much?

Q. Okay. And was there a variable component to your compensation at that point as well?

Q. Okay. Do you recall how it worked?

Q. Was it based on sales levels?

Q. Okay. Did the components include sales levels for any particular customers?

Q. Okay. So you became a national account manager mid to late '06?

Q. Some period after that, Mallinckrodt was spun off from Tyco, correct?

Q. Okay. Did you continue to be a national account manager after that spin-off?

Q. And so that was the Covidien period after the spin-off, right?

Q. Okay. And so during the Covidien period, did you receive a fixed salary and a variable -- with an eligibility for variable compensation?

Q. Okay. So during the Covidien period, tell me what you can recall about how the variable compensation worked that you were eligible for.

Q. Okay. So tell me what you can recall being among the components.

Q. Okay. So initially when the spin-off happened --

Q. -- and the Covidien period began --

Q. -- you were a national account manager from the beginning, correct?

Q. And to whom did you report at that point?

Q. Okay. Tell me who you can recall reporting to during the Covidien period in your role as national account manager.

Q. Okay. And the Covidien time frame ran till 2013; is that your recollection?

Q. Okay. And it was then Mallinckrodt became an independent company, independent of Covidien, correct?

Q. Okay. Can you -- irrespective of whether it was during the Covidien period or the independent period, who else can you recall reporting to in your role as national account manager?

Q. Okay. And you indicated early on there was a point in which you became a director, correct?

Q. When was that?

Q. Okay. Any sense of the time frame?

Q. Okay. Approximately 2015, something like that?

Q. Okay. During the time you were national account manager, either Covidien or post-Covidien period, describe for me generally what your duties were.

Q. And did you have specific accounts assigned to you?

Q. And tell me who you can recall being the principal accounts that were assigned to you during that period.

Q. Do you remember approximately when the Walmart account became yours?

Q. How about the Cardinal account?

Q. How were -- the accounts that you were responsible for, how were they assigned to you?

Q. And did that change over time?

Q. And how much did it change, if you recall?

Q. Did you not handle government accounts?

Q. Okay. And in this setting, retail and wholesale, would wholesale include distributors?

Q. Confusing in what sense?

Q. Okay. I'm just getting at you said retail and wholesale. There wasn't someone else who had distributor responsibility, correct?

Q. And retail in the setting of the national account manager responsibilities, would that be for chain drugstores?

Q. Were there individual drugstores that you had responsibilities for?

Q. Such as a Kroger or Walmart or something like that?

Q. Okay. But it didn't include individual, freestanding, single-location pharmacies, correct?

Q. Did you have an understanding from time to time as to why particular accounts that were assigned to you had been assigned to you as compared to one of the other national account managers?

Q. Okay. Well, was it common for an account to change from one national account manager to another?

Q. And under what circumstances would that happen?

Q. Do you recall occasions under which an account that had been yours was moved to another of the national account managers?

Q. Okay. And were you given an explanation for the reason for that move?

Q. Okay. Other recollections of accounts being moved from you to other of the national account managers?

Q. Okay. How about were there occasions when an account was moved to you from another national account manager that you can recall?

Q. Other occasions where that happened?

Q. Okay. When you were a national account manager, did you have personnel who reported to you?

Q. Were there regional account managers at that time when you were a national account manager?

Q. Okay. And -- but I take it Ms. Cardetti did not report to you?

Q. Do you know if she reported to one of the other national account managers?

Q. So as you understood it, what was the distinction between regional account manager, national account manager?

Q. Okay. During the time you were national account manager, did you interact with the other national account managers?

Q. What was the nature of that interaction?

Q. We talked a little earlier today about some of the training sessions that you participated in with respect to the Controlled Substances Act and DEA regulation Did you continue to participate in such training sessions after you became a national account manager?

Q. Okay. And again, during this time that you were national account manager, did you -- were the sessions that you participated in in-house Mallinckrodt sessions?

Q. Okay. Do you recall ever attending any conference or DEA or Controlled Substances Act seminar or educational program of any type conducted by a third party?

Q. And I should have asked you this earlier: Do you hold any professional licenses or certifications?

Q. So it sounds like Kroger was one of your main accounts for quite a period of time, correct?

Q. So could you describe for me generally -- and let's use Kroger as an example to try to trigger as many memory neurons as we can here.

Q. The -- this -- day to day what was your what was your interaction with Kroger in your capacity as a national account manager?

Q. So managing customer expectations, what does that entail?

Q. Did you have any principal points of contact with the Kroger organization?

Q. Okay. And relative to the Kroger business, who were Mallinckrodt's competitors?

Q. Maybe I misspoke. Mallinckrodt's competitors to get Kroger's business.

Q. Who were you competing with as

Q. And who were the principal other manufacturers who were manufacturing competitive product?

Q. Okay. In terms of annual dollar volume with the accounts that you managed, what was the largest account?

Q. I don't need the dollar amount. I'm just ranking

Q. -- what was the largest --

Q. Okay. How about after Walmart?

Q. Okay. And in terms of the products that your accounts were purchasing from Mallinckrodt, were they all generics?

Q. Okay. So you never had responsibility for sales of any branded product; is that correct?

Q. Relative to Mallinckrodt's other customers, the accounts you didn't have responsibility for, did you have an understanding, for example, when you had Walmart responsibility where Walmart ranked as far as a Mallinckrodt customer for generics?

Q. And by primary, do you mean the largest?

Q. Okay. You didn't have an understanding of what the top five overall Mallinckrodt generic customers were?

Q. Okay. But fair to say that Walmart was one of the most significant --

Q. -- generic customers?

Q. One of the most significant generic customers.

Q. Okay. And also Kroger, were they one of the most significant generic customers of Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. So you described generally kind of your day-to-day interaction with Kroger. Would you have had similar day-to-day interaction with your other principal accounts that you had responsibility for?

Q. Did your -- did your job involve traveling to visit customers from time to time?

Q. About how much traveling did you do as a national account manager for that purpose?

Q. Okay. And so, for example, say, Kroger, which I understand was one of your principal accounts, about how many times

Q. Well, anytime you were traveling to visit Kroger, whether it was headquarters or somewhere else.

Q. What is ECRM?

Q. Okay. And NACDS?

Q. Okay. So there came a time when your kind of face-to-face contact with Kroger was principally at those -- at those conferences?

Q. Okay. So did you visit Kroger -- other Kroger facilities other than headquarters?

Q. Okay. How about your other accounts? Obviously if you're spending 50 to 75 percent of your time traveling, I take it you were visiting other accounts fairly regularly?

Q. Did you have a sequence or a frequency that you tried to visit the various accounts?

Q. Okay. Would you typically visit each of your principal accounts at least annually?

Q. Okay. And where can you recall them being located where you went to visit them?

Q. And who was that?

Q. And did you visit Walmart from time to time?

Q. In Bentonville?

Q. Did you visit Cardinal after you had that account?

Q. And where were they located?

Q. Okay. Did you have to get prior approval for expenses for travel to visit accounts?

Q. Okay. How did the guidelines work?

Q. Okay. So as long as you kept within a -- well, strike that. Was it an annual budget that you had?

Q. Okay. So as long as you kept within the budget, did you have discretion to decide how many trips to make and where to go?

Q. Ms. New, during the time that you were a national account manager, did you receive periodic performance reviews?

Q. How often were you reviewed?

Q. Okay. And by whom were you reviewed?

Q. Okay. Did you receive a written performance evaluation?

Q. Okay. Were there particular metrics on which you were reviewed?

Q. Objectives?

Q. What can you recall some of those goals and objectives being?

Q. Okay. Well, understanding it varied, do you recall what any of them were from time to time?

Q. Were any of them specific to particular accounts?

Q. Okay. So what accounts can you recall any specific objectives being associated with?

Q. Okay. And what would be the nature of the objectives as to a specific account that you would be evaluated on?

Q. Would it be related -- would one of things that it would be related to sales levels?

Q. Okay. And apart from sales levels, what other sorts of objectives can you recall there being with respect to any particular account?

Q. When you became a director, did you have anyone who reported to you?

Q. And to whom did you report after you became a director?

Q. Now, I know you said earlier you become a director; there was a change in title. Were there any changes in your job responsibilities when you became a director?

Q. During the time you were a national account manager or a director, can you recall any occasions in which you received what you understood to be a negative performance evaluation?

Q. Did your periodic performance evaluations entail any formal formula or scoring or any arithmetic type of evaluation?

Q. Okay. You don't recall any?

Q. Okay. Now, during the time you were a national account manager, I think you testified that your -- part of your compensation was variable compensation, correct?

Q. And can you recall -- and tell me if this varied from time to time -- approximately what percentage of your overall compensation annually was variable?

Q. Okay. So --

Q. So can you recall the greatest percentage, approximately, that your variable compensation consisted of?

Q. Can you recall approximate levels of your fixed salary during the time you were national account manager?

Q. Yeah. Just what the approximate levels were of your salary, putting the variable compensation aside for now, during the time you were a national account manager.

Q. Can you give me a sense of the range that it varied within?

Q. Okay. Was there ever a time, any year, where you can recall your variable compensation exceeding your fixed salary?

Q. Was there ever a time that you can recall your variable compensation exceeding 50 percent of your fixed salary?

Q. Okay. Was there a time you can recall your variable compensation exceeding 75 percent of your fixed salary?

Q. Okay. You were a national account manager for, what, approximately 12 years or so?

Q. And so in that approximate 12-year period -- and I understand -- if you can just give me an estimate, how many of those years would you say your variable compensation exceeded 50 percent of your fixed salary?

Q. Did it happen more than once?

Q. Okay. But you don't know how many times more than once?

Q. Okay. Was there ever a year in which you did not receive any variable compensation?

Q. Understanding that you don't recall exactly how many times you received variable compensation that was more than 50 percent of your fixed salary, were there more years that you received variable compensation that exceeded 50 percent of your fixed salary than there were years in which you received variable compensation that was less than 50 percent of your fixed salary?

Q. Okay. During your time as a regional or national account manager or a director, did you receive any commendations or awards from Mallinckrodt?

Q. What did you receive?

Q. And what is what qualified you to be in the President's Club?

Q. And were there any particular goals and objectives you can recall that -- the meeting of which qualified you for President's Club?

Q. And who made the determination that you qualified for the President's Club for those years?

Q. Was it the person you directly reported to or someone else; did you know?

Q. Okay. Did you receive any explanation as to why it was that you were determined to be qualified for the President's Club for those years?

Q. And the President's Club distinction, what did that entail?

Q. So there were a group of people who were designated as the President's Club for a given year?

Q. And there was a trip. Do you recall what trips that you took for those three years?

Q. Where'd you go?

Q. And about how many people were President's Club qualified those years?

Q. Can you give me an approximation of --

Q. Was it more than a dozen?

Q. Okay. Was it more than 30?

Q. But I take it each year it was more than a dozen?

Q. Okay. And sometimes more than 30 and sometimes less than 30?

Q. Okay. Who else can you recall being in the President's Club in any of the three years that you qualified for it?

Q. Yeah, let's start with the salespeople, sure.

Q. Okay. How about anyone outside of sales that you can recall?

Q. Do you remember any individuals?

Q. Apart from President's Club, any other commendations or awards you received at Mallinckrodt?

Q. I think you testified you were terminated on -- last June 1st; is that correct?

Q. And what were the circumstances of that termination?

Q. Okay. How were you informed of that?

Q. Okay. Did you receive a severance package?

Q. And what did that consist of?

Q. And did you have an understanding as to whether someone else would replace you in your position?

Q. Did you have an understanding as to whether the position was being eliminated?

Q. And what was that position?

Q. And how many directors of national accounts were there at that time?

Q. Okay. Were all the director of national accounts' positions eliminated, to your knowledge?

Q. Okay. Do you remember the names of any of the other directors of national accounts during this 90-day period leading up to your termination?

Q. Okay. When you became director of national accounts, were there still national account managers or did -- or was it

Q. Okay. Now, during the time you were either regional account manager, national account manager or director, you described for me earlier some of the products that Mallinckrodt sold to various of your accounts. Did those -- did the products that Mallinckrodt sold to your -- the accounts you had responsibility for include noncontrolled substances?

Q. And what would be some examples of those?

Q. Okay. And did your responsibilities, either as regional or national account manager or director, require you to develop familiarity with the various products that Mallinckrodt was selling to your accounts?

Q. And how did you go about developing that familiarity?

Q. Okay. And do you know who would provide those binders to you?

Q. With respect to the -- the controlled substances that Mallinckrodt sold to the customers you had a responsibility for, from whom can you recall receiving information about those products that you needed to do your job?

Q. Okay. Do you remember the names of any of those folks?

Q. Okay. Were there any policies or procedures at Mallinckrodt that you followed that pertained particularly to the sale of controlled substances to Mallinckrodt customers?

Q. Okay. So -- and who did you have to get approval from?

Q. Okay. And so you said it was a team effort to choose a customer to target. Tell me how that process would unfold.

Q. And who in upper management would you interact with to seek that kind of approval?

Q. Do you recall instances where you targeted a customer that -- where in fact the decision went all the way up to the top?

Q. Okay. Can you recall any particular instances in which you targeted a customer where you were unable to get approval from upper management that you were seeking?

Q. When can you recall that happening?

Q. Okay. Any other circumstances other than concerns about ability to meet their customers' demands that you can recall causing approval to be withheld?

Q. How frequent was it -- and I understand, you know, you may only be able to answer this question by giving me a range, but how frequent was it, approximately, over the years for you to obtain approval for new business of the type you're describing?

Q. Sure. I understand to get new business, you just described a fairly elaborate process that you had to go through --

Q. -- and sometimes you didn't get the approvals. Now focusing on when, in fact, you got approval for a new business that you were seeking, about how often did that happen?

Q. Well, in a typical year, would it happen once? Twice?

Q. Was it -- would it be uncommon for a year to go by where it didn't happen at all?

Q. It could happen --

Q. -- a year would go by?

Q. Okay. Was successfully targeting and obtaining approval for new business one of the metrics you were evaluated on?

Q. I understand there are many --

Q. -- many pieces

Q. to that puzzle. Was one of the pieces the targeting and -- successful targeting a new business?

Q. Okay. Were there times when -- for any of the accounts you had responsibility for when you experienced a loss of existing business?

Q. And can you recall some examples of that?

Q. Okay. Apart from the inability to meet supply, were there other examples that you can think of of losing existing business?

Q. Somebody might just undercut you on price?

Q. Okay. Apart from challenges of meeting supply and being undercut on price by other competitors, were there other circumstances you can recall that you understood led to customers you had responsibility for cutting back existing business for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Was the loss of existing business among your accounts one of the circumstances that was taken into account in your periodic reviews?

Q. In performing your duties at Mallinckrodt, did you do your best to follow Mallinckrodt's rules and regulations?

Q. And do your best to do your job in a way that you understood Mallinckrodt to be expecting you to do it?

Q. And was there ever a time in any of your periodic reviews when any issue was raised with you regarding your following any Mallinckrodt procedures or rules?

Q. And would you characterize yourself as a detail-oriented person?

Q. Okay. You listed for me a number of accounts that you had responsibility for over time. At any given time, approximately how many accounts did you have responsibility for?

Q. Okay. And did you take steps to become familiar with the business of the 20 or 25 accounts that you had at any given time?

Q. What did you do in that regard?

Q. Okay. Did you take steps to become familiar with who the customers to whom your accounts sold were?

Q. And why not?

Q. And would have been impossible because would they not have responded to inquiries, your accounts, if you made inquiry in that regard?

Q. So your accounts from time to time -- well, let's talk about Kroger, for example. So Kroger's pharmacies, actual retail pharmacies, were they all affiliated with Kroger, to your knowledge?

Q. Okay. And the same for Walmart?

Q. Okay. Did you have accounts from time to time who resold product to unaffiliated retailers?

Q. You don't know?

Q. Okay. And you didn't know at the time?

Q. Not something that you made an effort to ascertain?

Q. Okay. In any event, you personally didn't make any effort to ascertain whether any of your accounts resold Mallinckrodt product to unaffiliated third parties?

Q. For resale, not to customer -- end customers.

Q. Okay. I'm just trying to understand what you personally had an understanding of at the time as you were doing your day-to-day job. Did you have an understanding with respect to each of your accounts as to whether they would be reselling Mallinckrodt product to unaffiliated third parties for resale by those third parties?

Q. Okay. So did you have any wholesaler clients?

Q. So they were buying for purposes of reselling to third parties, right?

Q. Okay. And that was allowed, right?

Q. Okay. And so you understood -- to the extent you had wholesaler customers, you understood they were buying for the purpose of reselling to someone else, correct?

Q. And as compared to, for example, Kroger, that was buying for the purpose of distributing through their affiliated pharmacies, correct?

Q. And so with respect to the wholesaler accounts that you had, did you develop any understanding as to who their customers were?

Q. Okay. And so did you have an understanding as to the identity of who any of those customers were?

Q. And when you say "minimal," what do you mean?

Q. Now, you mentioned earlier a suspicious order monitoring group at Mallinckrodt. Did your job responsibilities in any way entail any aspect of the suspicious order monitoring function at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And in what way?

Q. Okay. And when you said "they" in your answer, you're talking about the suspicious order monitoring --

Q. -- folks at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And who do you recall -- individuals who would contact you who were involved in the SOMS process at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And do you recall any particular circumstances in which you were contacted by the SOMS team for -- with a question or an issue that you then pursued?

Q. Do you recall any occasion in which an order from any account that you had responsibility for was declined by Mallinckrodt on the basis of it being a suspicious order?

Q. And when can you recall that happening?

Q. Do you remember a particular account where an account -- where an order was declined?

Q. Were there marketing materials that you provided to your -- the accounts you had responsibility for, particularly with respect to Mallinckrodt controlled substances?

Q. Well, at any time.

Q. What kinds of marketing materials can you recall providing to your accounts?

Q. Okay. Were there materials that contained information with respect to Mallinckrodt's products that you provided to your accounts?

Q. Did you participate in trade shows from time to time?

Q. About how often would you participate in a trade show?

Q. Okay. In terms of the two that you regularly participated in, what was the nature of your participation?

Q. And I think you indicated, for example, Kroger eventually became the case that those trade shows were the principal contact that you had with that account. Was that true with other of your accounts as well?

Q. Sure. Well, apart from Kroger, just -- were there accounts for whom meeting at trade shows was your principal face-to-face contact with those accounts?

Q. And did you take orders at those accounts -- or at those conferences or --

Q. And about how many people from Mallinckrodt would participate in the two main conferences that you referred to?

Q. Okay. But did you attend those two essentially every year?

Q. But as a general matter, you attended them both?

Q. Okay. What about the other national account managers, did they attend both of those conferences as well?

Q. Now, from the time you became a regional account manager and thereafter, you understood that Mallinckrodt's opioid products were narcotics, correct?

Q. And you understood that they were subject to the Controlled Substances Act, correct?

Q. Are you familiar with the term "closed system" under the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with the concept under the Controlled Substances Act that controlled substances could only be sold by Mallinckrodt to parties who were registered with the DEA?

Q. Were you familiar with the term "diversion" under the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. What did you understand diversion to mean?

Q. Okay. And did you understand that as a manufacturer of controlled substances Mallinckrodt had an obligation to take steps to avoid diversion of its product?

Q. And what steps did you understand Mallinckrodt took in that regard?

Q. Okay. Do you have -- do you have any particular procedures or policies in mind that Mallinckrodt had in place during your time as a regional or national account manager or director aimed at reducing or avoiding diversion?

Q. Sure. I'm just asking for your understanding of --

Q. You know, just whatever you understood the company to be doing. You understood diversion was a significant consideration with respect to narcotics, right?

Q. And so I'm just asking for your understanding of what steps the company was taking in that regard.

Q. And you understood that if, in fact, narcotics were diverted, that created the potential for misuse or abuse, correct?

Q. And that could lead to overdoses and deaths, correct?

Q. And you already made reference to suspicious order monitoring. Did you understand that that was something that was required by the Controlled Substances Act as well?

Q. Okay. Did you ever receive any training with respect to Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. What's the nature of the training you can recall?

Q. Okay. And again, were these in-house presentations?

Q. Okay. And do you recall who conducted those presentations?

Q. Do you recall approximate frequency of those presentations?

Q. What can you recall learning from those presentations with respect to the components of Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Okay. And did you understand -- did you have an understanding as to whether each order for a controlled substance was evaluated by Mallinckrodt to determine if it was a suspicious order?

Q. And you've already testified that from time to time someone from the SOM team might contact you to get some further information when an order had been identified as potentially suspicious, correct?

Q. Did you have an understanding during the time you were regional or national account manager or director as to the basis on which the SOM team would identify an order as potentially suspicious?

Q. And how did you gain that understanding?

Q. Okay. Did you have an understanding as to whether the algorithm that was employed to identify potentially suspicious orders changed over time?

Q. Okay. You didn't know the details of it?

Q. Did you have an understanding as to whether the accounts for which -- for whom you had responsibility maintained their own suspicious order monitoring programs?

Q. And how did you gain that understanding?

Q. Okay. So you understood that your accounts had their own independent suspicious order monitoring responsibility, correct?

Q. In terms of what their program consisted of?

Q. But you understood they all had some responsibility in that regard?

Q. And did you make an effort to ascertain with respect to each account what their suspicious order monitoring program consisted of?

Q. Do you know if anyone else at Mallinckrodt did that?

Q. Do you know if they met with each of your accounts?

Q. Do you recall any occasion on which anyone from the suspicious order monitoring team at Mallinckrodt contacted you and raised any concerns regarding the suspicious order monitoring program of any of your accounts?

Q. Can you recall any specifics?

Q. And so with Morris & Dickson, that was an issue regarding Morris & Dickson's suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Sure. Okay. Let me rephrase my question. Maybe it wasn't clear. I'd like to know if there were -- are there any occasions you can recall someone on the SOM team at Mallinckrodt contacting you and saying there's an issue with respect to the suspicious order monitoring program that -- at one of your accounts that we'd like you to get some information on?

Q. Okay. So you don't recall that ever happening?

Q. Okay. Do you recall there ever being an occasion which anyone from the SOM team at Mallinckrodt contacted you and expressed any concern that one of your accounts was engaged in practices that created a risk for diversion?

Q. Do you recall becoming aware at any point of any particular concerns regarding opioid distribution in the state of Florida?

Q. Okay. And so since -- apart from whether you had any customers in the state of Florida, do you recall becoming aware of any concerns at any point regarding opioid distribution in Florida?

Q. Okay. Do you recall anyone at Mallinckrodt ever raising with you any issues regarding your accounts that pertained to the -- pertained to concerns regarding opioid distribution in Florida?

Q. Do you recall ever engaging in any steps to evaluate whether any of your accounts were reselling Mallinckrodt opioid products into the state of Florida?

Q. Do you recall anyone at Mallinckrodt ever requesting you to engage in any such analysis?

Q. If there had been a concern regarding whether -- strike that. If Mallinckrodt had wished to obtain information regarding the extent to which any of your accounts were reselling Mallinckrodt opioid product into the state of Florida, would you have been the best person to come to to get that information?

Q. Who would have been?

Q. The SOMS team would have been in a better position to get the information regarding the activities of your accounts?

Q. Okay. So if I was at Mallinckrodt and I was trying to ascertain the extent to which one of your wholesaler accounts was reselling into the state of Florida, if I came to you and said, "Can you get that information for me," would you have been in a position to get that?

Q. When you say "the analyst," who would they be?

Q. Okay. And so that analyst, they would be looking at Mallinckrodt internal information, correct?

Q. Okay. So if, for example, in 2010 someone at Mallinckrodt had come to you and said -- trying to evaluate the extent to which your wholesaler accounts are reselling into the state of Florida, what would you have done to respond to that request?

Q. Okay. Would it have been possible for you to go to your contact at the account to request that information?

Q. Okay. In any event, no one ever made that sort of request of you --

Q. -- back in 2010 or --

Q. Or at any time; is that correct?

Q. Do you recall -- from time to time you made mention to press reports

Q. -- regarding concerns about -- about Florida. Do you recall reviewing any such press reports when they were current?

Q. Okay. What can you recall in that regard?

Q. Let me hand you what we've marked as Exhibit 3, which is a two-page document beginning at Bates MNK-Tl 0000264194. It appears to be an e-mail from Karen Harper to a number of persons, including yourself, forwarding a November 20, 2009 press account bearing the headline "Grand Jury Wants to Crack Down on Pill Mills." Take a minute to look at that document, if you would, and tell me if you recognize.

Q. I have some questions for you on two or three of the paragraphs, but you can just tell me if you recognize it initially, that would be a good starting place.

Q. Okay. And so if -- in this time frame, 2009, if you received an e-mail like this from Karen Harper forwarding a press account, would you have read it?

Q. Okay. And Ms. Harper's role at Mallinckrodt at this time was what, to your knowledge?

Q. Okay. So the article, the first paragraph of it says, "Broward County has become known as the pill mill capital of the United States." Do you recall back in this time frame, 2009, hearing this term "pill mill"?

Q. And what did you understand a pill mill to be?

Q. Okay. And if you look at the last paragraph on the first page of Exhibit 3, it says, "Oftentimes people come from outside Florida to pain clinics because it's so easy to obtain prescription drugs. Those people then take the pills back to their home states and sell the drugs for inflated sums on the black market." Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall being familiar with that circumstance back in 2009?

Q. And on the next page of the exhibit, the third paragraph down from the top that begins with "according to the report," do you see that?

Q. "According to the report."

Q. Okay. It says, "According to the report, in the past two years the number of pain clinics in south Florida mushroomed from four to 176, dumping 9 million dose units of oxycodone in our community every six months. Although the pain clinics originated in Broward County, they have spread north quickly throughout the rest of Florida, particularly in the major metropolitan areas." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And do you recall being aware of that circumstance back in 2009, namely the increase in the number of pain clinics in south Florida and spreading throughout the state of Florida?

Q. Okay. And so this article is dated in November of 2009. Do you recall being aware generally of the subject matter that's addressed in this article, namely the pill mill phenomenon in Florida and the expansion in opioid distribution in Florida prior to this article in late 2009?

Q. Sure. Did you have an understanding back in 2009 as to whether the opioids that were distributed through pill mills in Florida included any opioids that were manufactured by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Do you recall in 2009 -- well, strike that. So Ms. Harper forwarded this article to a number of folks. Let's take a look at who they were. John Adams, I think you indicated, may have been the person you reported to at this time, correct?

Q. Robert Lesnak, do you recall who he was?

Q. Okay. Tim Berry, do you recall who he was?

Q. Okay. Yourself. Dave Irwin?

Q. Do you recall who he was?

Q. Okay. Steven Becker, he was national account manager, correct?

Q. As was Victor Borelli, correct?

Q. Do you have an understanding as to why Ms. Harper forwarded this article to this group?

Q. Okay. So when you would have received this back in November of 2009, would you have had an understanding as to whether reviewing this article and being familiar with the circumstances that are described in this article were part of your job responsibility?

Q. Okay. So being aware of what was going in the market in the context of the circumstances that are described in this article --

Q. why did you need to be aware of that for your job as a national account manager?

Q. And relevant to what aspect of your job?

Q. So in this time frame of late 2009, were there any steps you took in your day-to-day job as a national account manager that were influenced in any way by your knowledge of the circumstances of opioid distribution in Florida that are described in this article?

Q. Okay. And so what did you do in regards to due diligence in that -- in this time frame?

Q. Okay. So in this time frame and when I say "this time frame," I mean late 2009.

Q. Were there any accounts that you had as to whom you had any concerns regarding Florida opioid distribution that you brought to upper management?

Q. Okay. In this late 2009 time frame, were there any steps you took to attempt to ascertain whether any of your accounts were reselling Mallinckrodt opioid products into the state of Florida?

Q. Okay. So you didn't take any steps to ascertain whether any of your accounts were selling Mallinckrodt --

Q. Okay. Ms. New, we just marked as Exhibit 4 a two-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0004888161. It appears to be an e-mail from you dated June 16, 2011, forwarding a press article. Take a look at that and tell me if you recognize that document.

Q. Okay. So it's an article that you forwarded to a number of folks. Let's look at the folks you sent it to in terms of people we haven't previously talked about here today. There's a Lisa Lundergan. Who is that?

Q. Okay. And Ginger Collier was the marketing director for generics, correct?

Q. How about Penny Myers? Who was that?

Q. Okay. How about Natalie Kayich?

Q. And how about Jennifer Bullerdick?

Q. And copied to Michael Gunning. Who was he?

Q. Okay. And the article is from the St. Louis Post Dispatch entitled "New OxyContin Form is Said to Curb Abuse," correct?

Q. And in the body of your e-mail you say, "Interesting read. I think it supports our suspicions in regard to the increased usage of the oxy 30-milligram," correct?

Q. What did you mean by that?

Q. Okay. Well, in the article itself, the article is talking about a new form of OxyContin. Now, OxyContin was not a Mallinckrodt product, correct?

Q. And the first paragraph indicates that the reformulated OxyContin pills are harder to crush, turning into a gummy substance that can't easily be snorted, injected or chewed, correct?

Q. And then in the one, two, three, fourth paragraph, the one that starts with "a powerful narcotic," do you see that?

Q. And that paragraph says, "A powerful narcotic meant for cancer patients and others with pain, OxyContin is designed to slowly release its active ingredient, oxycodone, over 12 hours. But after it was introduced in 1996, drug abusers quickly discovered that chewing an OxyContin tablet or crushing one and snorting the powder or injecting it with a needle produced an instant high as powerful as heroin." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. The next paragraph states that, "Purdue Pharma, the maker of OxyContin, may have succeeded in reducing illicit demand for its reformulated drug, but in several dozen interviews over the last few months, drug abuse experts, law enforcement officials and addicts said the reformulation had only driven up interest for other narcotics." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And then the next paragraph says, "Demand appears especially high for pure oxycodone that come in 30-milligram pills." Now, Mallinckrodt manufactured pure oxycodone in 30-milligram pills at this time, correct?

Q. It goes on to say, "Opana, a time-release painkiller similar to OxyContin, that's been on market for five years is showing up increasingly in police reports and has been blamed for a rash of overdose deaths, and heroin use has jumped sharply in many regions." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So in your cover e-mail, when you make reference to "I think it supports our suspicions in regards to increased usage of the oxy 30-milligram," were you referring to the sentence in the article that I read a moment ago regarding "demand appears especially high for pure oxycodone that come in 30-milligram pills"?

Q. You don't recall. Okay. Do you recall in this time frame of mid-2011 that there was an increased usage in oxy 30 milligrams?

Q. It appears to be what you're referring to in your e-mail, correct?

Q. Okay. And in your e-mail, you make reference to "supports our suspicions." Do you recall what those suspicions were?

Q. Do you recall, when you used the plural pronoun "our" in that sentence, who you were referring to?

Q. Now, you didn't copy anyone in the compliance department on your e-mail, correct?

Q. Is there a reason for that?

Q. Okay. Do you recall -- independent of this e-mail and article, do you recall any discussions, either personal discussions or e-mail exchanges, at Mallinckrodt that you were a party to in the mid-2011 time frame or before that discussed increased usage of oxy 30-milligram tablets and any potential explanations for that?

Q. Okay. Do you recall at any time providing any information to any of your accounts that you're responsible for with respect to -- well, strike that. Do you recall if you forwarded this article that's included in Exhibit 4 to any of the accounts you had responsibility for?

Q. Okay. Do you recall at any time communicating with any of your accounts in any regard with -- in the mid-2011 or previous time frame with respect to increased usage of oxy 30 milligrams and any potential explanations for that?

Q. Do you recall receiving any response from any of the folks you sent this e-mail to with respect to the subject matter?

Q. Do you recall participating in any meeting among any of the folks that you received -- that you sent this e-mail to and yourself at which the subject of this article was addressed?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Ms. New, we've marked as Exhibit 5 a multipage document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0006283056. It appears to be an e-mail thread forwarding certain press accounts. Would you take a minute to look at that document and tell me if you recognize it. And while it attaches a series of press accounts, I have questions for you only on the first one, the one that's at the bottom of the first page of Exhibit 5 carrying over to the top of the second page of Exhibit 5.

Q. Yes. Yes. The Albany, New York, dateline.

Q. That one particular clipping.

Q. Okay. Do you recognize those e-mails or that press clipping?

Q. Okay. So the -- in the middle of the first page of Exhibit 5, there's an e-mail from a Timothy Berry. Do you know who he is?

Q. Okay. And he was apparently at Apotex. What was Apotex, if you know?

Q. Okay. And he forwarded the press clipping saying, "I thought that you guys might be interested in the first story." And in addition to yourself and Mr. Borelli and Mr. Becker, he forwarded it to Peter Romer. Who was Mr. Romer?

Q. Okay. For Mallinckrodt?

Q. Yeah. And so the first article, the first story that he's talking about, is the Albany, New York, dateline that's at the bottom of page 1 that says, "Following fatal shootings in two New York pharmacy robberies,

Q. And if you turn to the second page of the exhibit, from the top of that second page if you go down one, two, three, four, five, six lines, there's a line that starts with "experts say." Do you see that?

Q. And it says, "Experts say painkiller addiction has been driven partly by a loophole in the 1970 Controlled Substances Act that classified pure hydrocodone, a super painkiller, as a strictly controlled Schedule II drug. But the law put combination products such as pills containing hydrocodone and acetaminophen into the less strict Schedule III." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And you recall being familiar with that circumstance as described in those sentences at this time regarding hydrocodone and hydrocodone combination drugs?

Q. Do you recall at any time being aware of initiatives to reschedule hydrocodone combination products as Schedule II?

Q. And what do you recall in that regard?

Q. Okay. And do you recall Mallinckrodt resisting those proposed changes when they were made?

Q. Okay. If you turn back to the first page of Exhibit 5, your e-mail at the top of the first page, second paragraph says, "They keep talking about this, but if things continue as they are with all the bad press, we may see the category change to C-II. Keeps us on our toes, doesn't it?" And so the category change to C-II, that's the schedule under the Controlled Substances Act, correct?

Q. And do you recall what you were referring to there that may be recategorized as a C-II?

Q. I see. Of the hydrocodone combination drugs?

Q. And you said, "Keeps us on our toes, doesn't it?" What did you mean by that in this context?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 6 a multipage document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0004878533. It's a series of e-mails forwarding an article regarding Cardinal Health. If you'd take a moment to look at that, the e-mail and the article, tell me if you recognize those.

Q. Okay. And at this time, which is May of 2012, was Cardinal an account of yours?

Q. Okay. Do you know who -- whose account it was?

Q. Okay. If you -- so the Exhibit 6 begins with an e-mail from -- well, the top of the page is an e-mail from Jane Williams to a number of folks, including yourself. Looks like the national account managers, correct?

Q. And she says, "FYI, interesting read." Correct?

Q. And she's forwarding an e-mail from Stephen Littlejohn. Do you know who that -- who Stephen Littlejohn was?

Q. Okay. Do you know if he was a Mallinckrodt person?

Q. Okay. In any event, the article is an article concerning -- well, the headline is "Cardinal Health set for DEA showdown over pain pill sales," correct?

Q. And dated May 10th of 2012. If you look at the one, two, three, four, fifth paragraph, that begins with "In February." Do you see that?

Q. And it says, "In February, the DEA suspended Cardinal's license to ship controlled substances from the Lakeland, Florida facility, which supplies 2,500 pharmacies. The agency allowed" -- I'm sorry, "The agency alleged the company hadn't made sure the drugs went only to legitimate patients and ordered Cardinal to explain why the suspension shouldn't be made permanent." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Do you recall being aware of this circumstance, namely the suspension of Cardinal back in May of 2012?

Q. Okay. If you turn to the second page of the exhibit, the second paragraph that begins "In the DEA's view." Do you see that?

Q. The second sentence of that paragraph says, "It was also a recidivist. Cardinal settled similar allegations in 2008 for $34 million"

Q. I'm sorry. Sure. The --

Q. Yes, the second --

Q. Second line over toward the right. "It was also a recidivist." Do you see that?

Q. Second line of that paragraph.

Q. "It was also a recidivist. Cardinal settled similar allegations in 2008 for $34 million, then the largest fine under the Controlled Substances Act." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall being aware in 2012 or before that Cardinal had paid a $34 million fine in settlement with the DEA in 2008? MS. FIX MEYER: Objection. Form. Foundation.

Q. Okay. If you look toward the bottom of the second page of the exhibit, there's a heading "Epicenter of Abuse." Do you see that? About nine lines up from the bottom.

Q. The heading is "Epicenter of Abuse."

Q. Okay. So under that heading --

Q. -- the text reads, "In Florida, identified by the DEA as the epicenter of illegal use of painkillers, more than 4,000 people died in 2010 from overdoses associated with oxycodone, methadone, hydrocodone, morphine and benzodiazepines, according to data from the Florida Medical Examiner's Office cited in court documents. The same year Florida's Surgeon General reported that 98 of the 100 doctors dispensing the most oxycodone in the US were located in this state." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall being aware of the circumstance described in the last sentence of that paragraph, namely the 98 of the 100 doctors identified by the Florida Surgeon General back in 2012?

Q. Okay. The next paragraph states that "a prescription of 180 pills of 30 milligrams of oxycodone without health insurance retails for about $260. On the street, each pill fetches as much as $30, according to the DEA. Pills bought in Florida are illegally sold along the East Coast and in the Midwest, the DEA reports." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall being aware in 2012 of the circumstance described in the last sentence of that paragraph, namely that pills bought in Florida were illegally sold along the East Coast and in the Midwest?

Q. Do you recall becoming aware of that circumstance at some point?

Q. You don't know when though?

Q. Do you recall -- apart from this article and the other press clippings we've looked at here today, do you recall receiving from anyone else at Mallinckrodt in the 2012 or prior time frame any communications regarding the phenomenon that pills sold in Florida were illegally sold outside of the state of Florida, or resold outside the state of Florida?

Q. Now, the paragraph that we were just looking at at the bottom of the second page of Exhibit 6, it says that "a prescription of 180 pills of 30 milligrams of oxycodone without health insurance retails for about $260," correct?

Q. And that was a product that Mallinckrodt sold, right, oxycodone 30-milligram tablets?

Q. Do you recall the approximate price that Mallinckrodt at this time was selling oxycodone 30-milligram tablets for?

Q. Of the accounts that you had responsibility for in the 2012 time frame, did all of those accounts purchase oxycodone 30-milligram tablets from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you recall any accounts that did not?

Q. Okay. And without confining it to the 2012 time frame, at any point that you were regional or national account manager or director, do you recall any of the accounts that you had responsibility for not purchasing oxycodone 30-milligram tablets from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. In the 2012 time frame, again, among the accounts that you had responsibility for, where would oxycodone 30-milligram tablets rank in terms of sales volume from Mallinckrodt to your accounts as compared to other Mallinckrodt products?

Q. Do you know if there were other Mallinckrodt products that outsold oxy 30 milligram to any of the accounts for which you had responsibility in 2012?

Q. Is that something that -- well, strike that. In the 2012 time frame -- well, strike that. At any time as a national account manager, did you have a practice of evaluating in any way the relative volume of different Mallinckrodt products that were purchased by your accounts?

Q. Sure. So as a national account manager, did you have a practice of evaluating the relative volume of different Mallinckrodt products that were purchased by your various accounts?

Q. Okay. So in a contract with a given account, there would be a projected volume of the various Mallinckrodt products that they would be buying, correct?

Q. And then you monitored that over time in an effort to, I think, drive compliance, was the term I saw earlier today.

Q. So among your various accounts -- let's talk about Kroger, for example, just as an example. Oxycodone 30-milligram tablets, in terms of their projected demand, where did that product rank relative to the other products that they projected demand from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you recall in general what you viewed to be the highest volume products that Mallinckrodt -- the highest volume controlled substance products that Mallinckrodt was selling to your accounts?

Q. Okay. Is it possible that for given customers it would have been oxycodone 30-milligram tablets?

Q. So as you sit here today, you don't -- you don't -- you can't rule that out?

Q. Okay. You can set that one aside.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 7 a two-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0004155440. It appears to be an e-mail from Ms. Williams to yourself and others forwarding a Bloomberg Businessweek press account. Take a moment to look at that and tell me if you recognize that document.

Q. Do you recognize the document?

Q. Okay. So Ms. Williams' e-mail is to the national account managers, plus a carbon copy to Ms. Cardetti, correct?

Q. And she's forwarding an e-mail from Stephen Littlejohn to a large number of persons. I think you already testified you don't know who Mr. Littlejohn was, correct?

Q. Could you look at the persons to whom Mr. Littlejohn's e-mail is sent. Tell me if you -- if you recognize any of those names as being any part of Mallinckrodt's compliance department.

Q. Who do you recognize?

Q. Okay. So the article is a Bloomberg Businessweek piece that reports on two CVS stores being barred from selling controlled substances, correct?

Q. Do you have an understanding as to why Ms. Williams forwarded this article to yourself and the other account managers?

Q. Okay. CVS wasn't an account of yours at this time, correct?

Q. Do you know whose account it was?

Q. Okay. And if you look at the second page of the exhibit, the third paragraph -- well, let's see. So do you see that in the middle of the text, the words "eight times"?

Q. Okay. So right below that it says, "Cardinal, based in Dublin, Ohio, last week" -- I'm sorry -- "last year shipped enough oxycodone to the two CVS pharmacies in Sanford to supply a population eight times the city's size, according to the US. The DEA alleged in court filings that Cardinal didn't question the orders or heed warnings to conduct on-site audits." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall being aware of that circumstance back in 2012 that's reported in this article?

Q. Okay. The following paragraph says, "About 5 million Americans use painkillers such as oxycodone, hydrocodone and oxymorphone for nonmedical purposes, according to the Government's 2010 national survey on drug use and health." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall being aware of that circumstance back in 2012 or before?

Q. Okay. And so oxycodone, of course, that was a product that Mallinckrodt manufactured, correct?

Q. As was hydrocodone, correct?

Q. How about oxymorphone?

Q. Okay. Do you recall back in 2012 or before having any concerns personally with respect to which -- with respect to the extent to which Americans were using painkillers such as oxycodone, hydrocodone or oxymorphone for nonmedical purposes?

Q. Sure. Do you recall in this time frame, 2012 or before, having any personal concerns regarding the extent to which Americans were using painkillers such as oxycodone, hydrocodone and oxymorphone for nonmedical purposes?

Q. The next paragraph in the article says, "A baby is born every hour in the US addicted to prescription painkillers, according to a study published April 30 in the Journal of the American Medical Association." Do you recall being aware of that statistic back in 2012 regarding painkiller-addicted babies?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 8 a multipage document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0001140522. Appears to be an e-mail from Karen Harper to a number of folks, including yourself, or at least you're copied on it, forwarding a press account regarding Cardinal Health. Take a moment to look at that and tell me if you recognize it.

Q. Okay. So Ms. Harper sent the e-mail to Tanya Johnson at Thrifty White. Who was Tanya Johnson?

Q. Okay. And that was one of your accounts, right?

Q. Okay. So Ms. Harper copied you on the e-mail as well as John Gillies. Who was John Gillies?

Q. Okay. And do you know -- did you have an understanding at this time as to why Ms. Harper was e-mailing something directly to one of your accounts?

Q. Is that something that you can recall happening on other occasions, where Ms. Harper would be communicating directly with one of your accounts?

Q. And in what context -- in terms of your own accounts, in what context would you expect her to periodically be communicating directly with your accounts?

Q. Okay. So the article -- the headline is "DEA Aims Big in Cardinal Health Painkiller Case." Do you see that?

Q. And if you turn to the second page of Exhibit 8, up from the bottom, one, two, three, four paragraphs, there's a paragraph that begins "More than 5 million people." Do you see that?

Q. And similar to the article we just looked at indicates "More than 5 million people in the USA abuse narcotic painkillers. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention classifies prescription drug abuse as an epidemic." Do you recall being aware in 2013 that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention had classified prescription drug abuse as an epidemic?

Q. You recall becoming aware of that at some point?

Q. And the article goes on to say, "More than 27,000 died from prescription drug overdoses in 2007, a fivefold increase since 1990, which parallels a tenfold increase in the medical use of painkillers such as oxycodone and hydrocodone, the CDC reports." Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall in 2013 or before being aware of the increase in prescription drug overdose deaths from 1990 to 2007 that's reported in that sentence?

Q. The sentence also indicates that from 1990 to 2007 there was a tenfold increase in the medical use of painkillers such as oxycodone and hydrocodone, according to the CDC. In terms of your experience as

Q. If you turn to the next to last page of the exhibit, in the middle of that next to last page there's a paragraph that has bolded "CVS Number 5195" at the heading. Do you see that?

Q. And the last sentence of that paragraph says, "Although Cardinal's electronic system for monitoring suspicious orders flagged the CVS orders 22 times for further investigation, Cardinal never held a shipment, notified the DEA or sent an investigator to visit the store, the DEA said." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall being aware of that circumstance, as reported in that paragraph, in 2013?

Q. You can set that document aside.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 9 a two-page document, MNK-T1 0004903077, an e-mail from Mr. Adams to yourself and others forwarding a PR Newswire piece from December 1 of 2007. Take a moment to look at that e-mail and the -- and the attached article and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails --

Q. -- or the article? Okay. So Mr. Adams sent the e-mail to yourself, Mr. Becker, Mr. Borelli, also Tim Berry. Who was that?

Q. Okay. And how about Toby Bane?

Q. Okay. And the attached article talks about an order that Cardinal Health had received to cease distribution of controlled substances from an Auburn, Washington facility, correct?

Q. Do you recall being aware of this circumstance in 2007?

Q. And was Cardinal your account at that time?

Q. And do you know whose account it was?

Q. Ms. New, we've marked as Exhibit 10 a single-page document bearing Bates MNK-T1 0000368650, an e-mail from Jane Williams to yourself and Mr. Borelli and Mr. Becker, copied to Ginger Collier and Lisa Lundergan. Take a moment to look at that document and tell me if you recognize it, please.

Q. Okay. So Ms. Williams mentions in her e-mail first that -- asked you to take

Q. Ms. Williams says the market appears to continue to grow. She asked for ideas as to what's happening. Do you recall taking any steps to evaluate what was happening in the market in mid-2011 with respect to oxy 15 milligram?

Q. Okay. Next paragraph she says, "I'm also concerned with the drop in chargebacks on the 30 milligram. They are 9 percent lower than our ship rate in the past six months." Do you know what she means by chargebacks in this context?

Q. And what are standard chargebacks?

Q. Okay. And is -- are chargebacks something that you monitored in your role as national account manager?

Q. Okay. Did you ever have occasion to review chargeback information with respect to any of your accounts?

Q. What team was that?

Q. Okay. Is that CDIG? Is that an acronym that means anything in this context?

Q. Okay. In that second paragraph, at the very end Ms. Williams says, "Our customers are approaching safety stock levels, question mark?" Do you know what that phrase means, "safety stock"?

Q. Or "safety stock levels"?

Q. The next document is Exhibit 11. We'll actually display on the screen. It was produced in native at MNK-T1 0001531370.

Q. And so if we look up on the screen, Ms. New, this appears to be a customer review, Mallinckrodt retail generics, Hobart management team and generic training {sic} from September 15th of 2011. And my first question for you is whether you recognize that document just based on its cover or first slide.

Q. Okay. Why don't we go to the second slide, please. And the second slide says, "Meet the retail team," lists five individuals, including yourself. Do you recall that group being referred to as the retail team at Mallinckrodt from time to time?

Q. Let's go to the next slide, please. The next slide, "Retail national account manager, what kind of job is that anyway?" And there's several bullet items. Just take a moment to read that slide to yourself.

Q. Is that a fair summary of the role of a national account manager?

Q. Okay. Do you recall if you had any involvement in the preparation of this summary?

Q. The very last bullet item, "Responsible for the customer P&L." What does that phrase mean in this context?

Q. Okay. Next slide, please. Next slide. And actually if you just jump to the pie chart at the end. This is a pie chart, all generics 2011 year-to-date net sales by product family. I don't know, can you read it from over there?

Q. Okay. And I can just tell you, in the upper right it's hydrocodone, 26 percent; then oxycodone, 19 percent; and then oxycodone/APAP, 14 percent; and then various other products with smaller percentages on the left. Is that consistent with your recollection of approximate relative sales levels in 2011 of hydrocodone being approximately 26 percent, oxycodone approximately 19 percent, oxycodone/APAP approximately 14 percent?

Q. Okay. Let's go to the prior slide, please. And this slide is a year-to-date net sales performance for various products, and it shows hydrocodone, 93.4 million; oxycodone, 67.2 million; oxycodone/APAP, 50.8 million; and then data on the budget and the variance. Are those figures consistent with your recollection of approximate dollar volumes of those products in 2011?

Q. Okay. In any event, you don't have any reason to doubt the accuracy of these figures, do you?

Q. Okay. Go to the retail business segment, please. And so this slide is encaptioned "Retail Business Segment." It says, "Retail generics drive over 70 percent of the total generic sales budget for Mallinckrodt." Do you see that?

Q. Is that consistent with your recollection from 2011?

Q. Okay. What would be the generic sales that are not included among retail generics that would account for the other approximate 30 percent?

Q. Okay. All right. We can go to the next document.

Q. Next document is Exhibit 12, also produced in native MNK-T1 0002714634. And we also just had --

Q. Ms. New, this is a spreadsheet that -- could you scroll over to the left, please? A retail F '12 budget document. And maybe you could shrink it down a little bit to see more of the document. Is this a document that's familiar to you, this retail ledger document? And can you just make it bigger to see from over there.

Q. Okay. I'm just going to show you what's on the different tabs to see if that sparks anything in your mind. This is a tab called quota retail NAM which appears to have a series of data regarding different products with a series of columns as you can see. Is this a document, a format, that's familiar to you at all?

Q. Okay. This isn't a report that you used regularly in your -- in your duties as a national account manager?

Q. I believe it's 2012.

Q. Okay. All right. We can go on.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 13 a multipage document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0005539361, a series of e-mails. If you'd take a moment to look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Well, whatever you need to do to familiarize yourself with it, just to see if it's familiar to you.

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. They concern the Thrifty White account from 2011, correct?

Q. And I think your -- if you look on the second page of the exhibit, your e-mail in the middle of that page provides some background to Ms. Williams about the requests that you're making here for Thrifty White, correct?

Q. And indicates they're asking for 30 days' extra dating while they test -- or their request for 30 days' extra dating while they test is to allow them time to have the inventory, but they don't think they will be able to actually ship until mid-February, correct?

Q. So the extra 30 days that you're talking about here, an extra 30 days for what purpose?

Q. And it would be an extra 30 days compared to -- what would be the normal time period that they would be allowed for that purpose?

Q. Okay. And if you turn to the first page of the exhibit, the e-mail from you at the top, you say, "I talked to Thrifty White. We're only talking naltrexone, so we agreed we would not pursue the additional 30 days' dating, but we will give them the 5 percent allowance." Do you know what the 5 percent allowance is that you're discussing?

Q. Okay. And was that allowance given to them?

Q. Was that allowance given to them; do you recall?

Q. Was that allowance given to them; do you recall?

Q. Okay. Let's go to the next one. The next document is a document that was produced in native MNK-Tl 0004292574. It's a spreadsheet. You have two pages in front of you printed out from the spreadsheet. Is this spreadsheet in a format that you're familiar with?

Q. And what causes you to think that?

Q. Okay. Do you know what the purpose would be for the analyst running this data?

Q. Do you recall seeing either this report or other reports in this format?

Q. And for what purposes did you use such reports?

Q. Okay. So what sort of higher-level information would you get from the analyst on a report like this?

Q. The comments column?

Q. Okay. And this particular report appears to deal with Walmart. Was Walmart your account at this time?

Q. Well, there's a promise ship date and a ship date column that have dates in them.

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 15 a multipage document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0002737439. It appears to be an e-mail from Ms. Williams attaching a spreadsheet. You can take a moment to look at those materials and tell me if you recognize them, please.

Q. Do you recognize the e-mails or the attachment?

Q. And how about the attachment and its format, is that something you recognize?

Q. Okay. And so this attachment -- two tables. One says oxy 15-milligram end purchaser sale trends; the other is oxy 30-milligram end purchaser sales trend. Correct?

Q. And so the -- do you have an understanding as to who the end purchasers what's meant by the phrase "end purchaser" on these tables?

Q. Okay. If you look at the parties identified in the customer columns on those tables --

Q. -- do those appear to you to be Mallinckrodt customers?

Q. Okay. And so this appears to track orders over the past three months, past six months, past 12 months, and compare the past three-month average to the past 12-month average, correct?

Q. And so is that data that you would -- of the sort that you would regularly look at in your role as a national account manager?

Q. So this data was forwarded to you by Ms. Williams. Is the sales trend data of the type that's summarized in the attachment, is that something you would sometimes look at on your own initiative, or would you only look at it when provided to you, for example, by Ms. Williams?

Q. Okay. Did you have access to the data such that you could pull this information yourself if you chose to?

Q. Okay. In her cover e-mail, Ms. Williams, in the next to last paragraph says, "Also, when wholesale -- when wholesaler programs are down, please do your best to verify who is picking up the sales and how have the wholesalers adjusted the price on their program." Do you see that language?

Q. So how would you go about following through on what Ms. Williams is asking for there, namely doing your best to verify who is picking up the sales and how have the wholesalers adjusted the price on their program?

Q. And how did you learn that?

Q. Where would that come from?

Q. Okay. So apart from the buyer, who would be some of the -- I understand how the buyer would be in a position to tell you that. Who else would be in a position to give you that information?

Q. And do you know what information the Mallinckrodt analyst would access to answer that kind of question?

Q. Okay. And how about Ms. Williams' point about how have the wholesalers adjusted the price on their program, do you have an understanding as to what she's asking there?

Q. Do you have a general understanding?

Q. So Ms. Williams references that today Steve indicated that Cardinal was stocking Actavis 30 milligram. Source price for them is 39-16 and for us is 39-44. Do you know -- so the competitive price that's cited in that -- in that sentence, do you know how Mallinckrodt would gain that information?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 16 was produced in native MNK-T1 0001455032. Just take a look at the attached spreadsheet and tell me if that's a document whose format is familiar to you.

Q. And so what is that document?

Q. Okay. Is the format of the document familiar to you?

Q. Okay. And so have you seen either this report or other similar reports in this format?

Q. And for what purpose have you -- when you were national account manager or director, for what purpose did you use reports that were in this format?

Q. Okay. The format has -- there's a sales rep name, is the far left column, which has your name in it, correct?

Q. Then there's a series of product families in the next column?

Q. And reporting parent name/number is the next column. Is that the Mallinckrodt customer?

Q. Okay. And then there's a net sales column. Would that be net sales from Mallinckrodt to that customer of whatever the particular product family is?

Q. Okay. And then there's a sales and marketing net margin. Do you know how that -- well, do you have an understanding of what that means, sales and marketing net margin?

Q. What is it?

Q. Okay. So more -- the term "margin" in this context is what one would typically associate with a concept of margin in business?

Q. Sure. The next column is pricing quantity. Is that how the -- how the unit is priced -- well, what does pricing quantity mean?

Q. Okay. And the next column, net sales dollar rank, is that ranking the various customers by net sales for that product family?

Q. Okay. So, for example, if we look at the APAP codeine product family, the second one --

Q. -- and we see Harvard Drug has the highest net sales dollar entry in that column and is also ranked next -- net sales dollar rank is 1, correct?

Q. Okay. And that pattern seems to obtain at least in APAP codeine, correct, that the ranking is consistent with the dollar amount of the net sales?

Q. Okay. If you look toward the bottom of the second page of the -- of the spreadsheet, product family hydrocodone?

Q. Indicates Walmart, a net sales number of just slightly under 20 million, correct?

Q. And then the next largest entry in that product family appears to be Econdisc with just under 3.8 million, correct?

Q. Is that consistent with your recollection of the approximate magnitude of hydrocodone purchases by Walmart relative to other Mallinckrodt family -- Mallinckrodt customers?

Q. Understanding that you can't verify the data as you sit here today, from your recollection, the approximate comparison of Walmart at a roughly $20 million number with, say, the next largest customer being at

Q. Okay. Doesn't strike you as out of line as we sit here?

Q. Okay. So do you recall generally, during the time you were national account manager or director, tracking the levels of purchases of the accounts for which you had responsibility by product family, of the types of product families that are set forth on this exhibit?

Q. Okay. And if -- if an account -- when you ran such an analysis, if an account was running below its compliance level with its contract, what steps would you take to deal with that situation?

Q. So I think we've seen today, and I think I've seen in some other documents, the phrase "drive compliance." What were some of the things you would do to try to drive compliance?

Q. So what sort of tools could help them with their pharmacies?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 17 is a multipage document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0001373610. Appears to be an e-mail thread from November of 2012. Would you take a moment to look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them?

Q. Okay. So if you look down toward the bottom of the first page, there's an e-mail from you to Jennifer Buist at October 31 of 2012. Do you see that?

Q. And who was Jennifer Buist?

Q. Okay. And in your e-mail you're explaining to Ms. Buist that you believe "it is due to stocking their warehouse. They just started shipping via CSOS to their pharmacies. If we continue to see it higher, I can call to verify, but they'd be carrying additional inventory to start." Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall this circumstance back in October, November 2012?

Q. Okay. Ms. Buist responds to you, "We're having a hard time understanding this amount based on the amount ordered in anticipated annual volume. This would take them to four years' worth of inventory. We need some additional information, please. Thank you." Do you see that?

Q. It's just above the October 31 e-mail.

Q. It's the one where she's talking about four years' worth of inventory.

Q. Does that refresh your recollection in any way, reading that e-mail, regarding this circumstance?

Q. Okay. You respond to Ms. Buist that you will call them in the morning, that e-mail directly above that. Do you see that?

Q. And then the next e-mail is from Ms. Buist to you saying, "The short story is everything is okay. Right order shipped. I'm still working through what showed on my report and will keep you posted, but for now all is well. Enjoy your day." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall what happened there? I mean, it seems like -- just judging from the e-mails, you say you will call the customer in the morning, and then the next e-mail is Ms. Buist saying -- apparently saying everything has been resolved. But there's -- it seems like there's an explanation in between here that isn't reflected in these e-mails. Do you recall what the explanation was?

Q. Do you recall issues with Thrifty White order levels, you know, apart from this series of e-mails?

Q. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 18 is a multipage document beginning at Bates -- I'm having a hard time reading the number because it's it's --

Q. Okay. It's Bates MNK-T1 0002159713. If you -- it's a pain management pocket card set. Would you please take a moment to look through that and tell me if that's a document you're familiar with?

Q. Okay. And so what do you recognize it to be?

Q. What do you recognize this document to be?

Q. Okay. And so did you personally use these cards?

Q. And in what settings would you personally use them?

Q. And trade shows, I think I understand, those are the kind of conferences we talked about earlier today, right?

Q. And when you say "retail pharmacy meetings," what are you referring to?

Q. Okay. And so did you participate in the preparation of this pocket card set?

Q. And so who would you have received it from?

Q. Okay. And so was this -- this pocket card set, was this something you used regularly?

Q. Were there other similar materials that you used that related to Mallinckrodt products?

Q. Okay. In terms of opioid products, though, was there a -- were there any similar materials other than Exhibit 18?

Q. Okay. Was it -- the substance of that similar to what's on this pocket card set?

Q. Any other materials of that nature that you can recall?

Q. Uh-huh. So in a presentation, say, at one of the Kroger meetings

Q. -- how would you use this pocket card set?

Q. And as far as representatives from Mallinckrodt, for example, at the Kroger meeting, would it be just you, or would there be other Mallinckrodt people at such a meeting?

Q. And for this pocket card set, would you make it available for to whom would you make this pocket card set available?

Q. And what was your expectation as to who would walk by the table in terms of were they licensed pharmacists? Were they other Kroger employees?

Q. Okay. Would you expect them all to be Kroger personnel, for example, if you're at a Kroger meeting?

Q. And so who else would you expect to be there?

Q. Okay. And so you indicated you used these at Kroger meetings. Were there other account -- other accounts that you visited personally where you used this pocket card set?

Q. Okay. So there may have been others as well?

Q. And at any of those pharmacy meetings, do you ever recall any questions that you received with respect to any of the information in this pocket card set?

Q. Do you recall any discussion beyond what was contained in the text of the pocket card set?

Q. You also mentioned at trade shows you'd use this pocket card set, correct?

Q. And in what way would you use it at the trade show?

Q. Okay. So you mentioned earlier today the two annual conferences that you would generally attend.

Q. Would you use this pocket card set there?

Q. Okay. And so when you used the term "trade show" earlier in the context of the pocket card set, did you mean visiting accounts for the retail pharmacy meeting?

Q. Okay. Do you know if the other national account managers similarly used this pocket card set?

Q. Did you ever have any discussion with whoever your direct report was from time to time about using this pocket card set in the ways that you used it?

Q. Whoever you reported to.

Q. Yes. Did you ever have a discussion with the person that you were reporting to? And it -- from time to time I understand that changed over time.

Q. But whoever it was at any given time, did you ever have a discussion with that person about your use of this pocket card set?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 19 a two-page document beginning at MNK-T1 0005764398, an e-mail thread from September of 2015. Please take a look at those e-mails. Tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Okay. Your June -- September 30, 2015 e-mail to Jennifer Block and others at the top of the first page -- first of all, who is Jennifer Terp?

Q. Okay. And in your e-mail you state, "In addition, there is a focus on SOM from the Walmart SOM team per Linda, so she is reluctant to overstock." Do you know who the Linda is that you're referring to in that sentence?

Q. At Walmart?

Q. Okay. And do you recall what the focus on SM I'm sorry, the focus on SOM from the Walmart SOM team was that you're referring to in that sentence?

Q. Okay. You go on to say, "We have asked numerous times about ordering more product. There is always pushback on why they will not increase inventory." Do you recall that circumstance from 2015?

Q. Okay. So in a setting like this where you're -- when you say you asked numerous times about ordering more product, what would be the context in which you would ask an account like Walmart about ordering more product?

Q. So this would be a situation where in your view Walmart was ordering at a level below their contractual relationship with Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. If you look at Jennifer Block's e-mail in the bottom half of the page, the first sentence says, "Walmart remains consistently low on HB-APAP." What is HB-APAP?

Q. Do you recall that circumstance back in September of 2015?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 20 is a two-page document, MNK-T1 0005762756, an e-mail thread from January of 2016. Take a moment to look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Okay. The e-mail that's at the top of the first page from Randy Meisner?

Q. Who was Randy Meisner?

Q. Okay. And Mr. Meisner says in the second line of his e-mail, "I know you will keep them very compliant as long as we have supply." Do you have an understanding as to what he meant by the phrase "keep them very compliant"?

Q. Okay. And in order for you to keep them very compliant, would those be the kinds of steps you talked about here earlier today?

Q. What sorts of steps would you take to keep them very compliant?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 21 is a multipage document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0004779439. It appears to be an e-mail thread from March of 2016 concerning Kroger. If you'd take a moment to look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Okay. It appears to be an e-mail thread that concerns some product issues that Kroger is reporting to Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Okay. Well, if you turn to the first e-mail in the thread, there's an e-mail from a Robyn Bodine at Kroger. Do you know who Robyn Bodine is?

Q. Okay. Well, this appears to be an internal Kroger e-mail attaching a photo. And then if you turn to the next e-mail in time from Douglas Cullet. Do you know who Douglas Cullet is?

Q. Okay. Or Stacy Doyle?

Q. Okay. Well, the substance of the e-mail, which is at the top of the last page of that exhibit, says, "Stacy, another Mallinckrodt issue, 99 and one-half tabs on the bottle. I have yet to hear from them on the big fiasco at 677. Is it time to call the DEA, question mark?" Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what he's referring to as "the big fiasco at 677"?

Q. Okay. Well, let's continue back on the next to last page of the exhibit. The next e-mail above Mr. Cullet's e-mail from Stacy Doyle to Britt Turner and Bob Breetz on March 10th says, "We continue to have issues with Mallinckrodt. I sent a couple other examples a while back. This has" --

Q. Oh, sure. Sure, sure, sure.

Q. Yeah. Let me know when you're ready.

Q. I was on the next to last page.

Q. The Thursday, March 10 e-mail that's kind of in the middle of the page from Stacy Doyle.

Q. Okay. And she says, "We continue to have issues with Mallinckrodt. I sent a couple other examples a while back. This has become such a regular occurrence it is the norm. Can we do anything about this?" Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And then above that we have an e-mail from Britt Turner to you for -- do you know who Britt Turner is?

Q. Okay. And so she says to you, "Hope vacation was relaxing. Please see below. Are you having many complaints of broken tabs? Picture attached shows bottle/lot/expiration. Our central division, which is out of Indianapolis, is having numerous complaints." Do you see that?

Q. Does that refresh your recollection about this circumstance at all?

Q. Okay. Do you recall receiving complaints or -- strike complaints -- just communications from your accounts regarding broken tablets?

Q. Apart from Kroger?

Q. Okay. With any -- can you give me any idea of the frequency that you can recall that occurred?

Q. Okay. So the next e-mail on the thread is from you to PM quality. What is PM quality?

Q. Okay. And you say, "Please see the below complaint and know there must be a pending complaint regarding pharmacy 677," right?

Q. I'm sorry, thank you. And you're referring there to the -- whatever the big fiasco was that's referred to in the earlier e-mail, right?

Q. Okay. So you don't independently recall whatever that pharmacy 677 situation was?

Q. Okay. And the next e-mail in above yours, there's a Kian Kazemi. Is that how it's pronounced?

Q. Just how to pronounce --

Q. Kian Kazemi. I got them both wrong. Dated March 10 of 2016 to the product monitoring team: "Do you have any details that can be provided to Bonnie and I regarding the past complaint from Kroger Store Number 677 that is referenced in the e-mail string below?" Then Kian's next e-mail to you and PM Quality follows up and notes that Mr. Cullet was the same person who filed the earlier complaint, correct?

Q. And then ultimately on the first page of the exhibit we have Angela Clark's March 10th e-mail which says, "We have prepared the response letter. I will be mailing it this afternoon." And it goes on to say, "I have also attached a data search for missing and/or broken complaints received from Kroger in the past six months. I ran a pivot table by reporting city so you can see which locations have reported the most." And then the table is included. Do you see that?

Q. Any of that refresh your recollection on the circumstance with Kroger back in March of 2016?

Q. Okay. All right. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 22 is a two-page document MNK-Tl 0000460028. It appears to be

Q. Do you have any understanding as to the purpose that a script for pharmacy calls would be created and maintained at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Do you have any understanding as to the personnel at Mallinckrodt who would -- who would use this script for -- in connection with pharmacy calls?

Q. Ms. New, Exhibit 23 is a multipage document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000455771. Please take a moment to look at that document and tell me if you recognize any of those e-mails.

Q. Okay. If you'd turn to the next to last page in the exhibit.

Q. Down toward the bottom of that page there's an e-mail from Tiffany Kilper to Jane Williams and yourself. Do you see that?

Q. And who was Tiffany Kilper?

Q. Okay. And so she says in her e-mail, "Advantage Logistics is set up as a ship to for SuperValu, and we have always shipped to them at SuperValu prices under the assumption that this is their legitimate distribution center." Do you see that?

Q. And SuperValu was one of your accounts at this time?

Q. Okay. And is Advantage Logistics a name that's familiar to you?

Q. And what did you understand Advantage Logistics to be?

Q. Okay. In the next paragraph she says, "If you read Laura's e-mail below, parens, Laura is in customer data integrity, close parens, she indicates they're warehousing for other retail chains as well as SuperValu, which entails they are a true distributor. This concerns me since we ship to them at SuperValu prices. Is there any concern about gray market activity if they really are a distributor?" Do you see that language?

Q. Do you recall this concern being raised by Ms. Kilper back in 2010?

Q. Do you recall at any time anyone raising a question as to whether there was a concern about gray market activity associated with SuperValu?

Q. Okay. Ms. Kilper goes on to say, "We made the decision in pharma to bill all distributors at invoice price/WAC some time ago so that we would have visibility in chargebacks to know what our product is going" -- I'm sorry -- "to know where our product is going and eliminate the potential for gray market activity." Do you see that?

Q. I'm sorry. It's that same paragraph that began with "If you read Laura's e-mail."

Q. It was toward the end of that.

Q. Are you familiar with the decision on billing all distributors at invoice price/WAC that Ms. Kilper is referring to in that sentence?

Q. Do you know what WAC is?

Q. Okay. And do you know how billing all distributors at invoice price/WAC would give Mallinckrodt visibility in chargebacks to know where its product is going?

Q. And why would that be?

Q. Okay. So it would give information for any customer that asserts a chargeback?

Q. Okay. And then if you turn to the prior page on that exhibit, there's an e-mail from you dated Wednesday, November 17. Do you see that? Kind of in the middle of the page.

Q. And you say, "Tiffany" -- and I'll just jump to the last paragraph of your e-mail. "I'm curious. When a change is made that has such a significant impact, is anyone contacted to make sure the change is valid before it's done?" Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what change you're referring to there that has such a significant impact?

Q. Okay. So had you not been aware of that change until you received Ms. Kilper's e-mail?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 24 is a multipage document beginning at Bates MNK-Tl 0000447932, a letter from the US Department of Justice Drug Enforcement Administration dated September 27, 2006. Can you take a look at that document and tell me if you're familiar with it?

Q. Okay. Do you -- it's signed by Joseph T. Rannazzisi. Do you know who he is?

Q. Okay. Do you recall at any time during your employment at Mallinckrodt reviewing any correspondence from Mr. Rannazzisi?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 25 is a document that was produced in native at MNK-T1 0008001114. Appears to be a PowerPoint presentation entitled "Mallinckrodt DEA controlled substance compliance training for distributor registrants, prepared for commercial group 3/23/11." Can you take a look at that presentation and tell me if you recognize it?

Q. Okay. Do you recall participating in a training for the commercial group regarding DEA compliance in March of 2011?

Q. Okay. And you don't recognize any of the slides from this presentation?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 26 is a two-page document beginning at MNK-T1 0007729353. It's an e-mail thread from September of 2012. Just take a moment to look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Okay. If you look on the second page of the exhibit, there's an e-mail from Karen Harper to you copied copying Jim Rausch and Eileen Spaulding in which she says, "During a recent mock DEA audit conducted by consultants, the Drug and Chemical Advisory Group, we presented a general scenario that described a customer business model of purchasing Mallinckrodt generic dosage forms, parens, using a DEA distributor license, close parens, and then repackaging the controlled substances in units -- in unit of use or unit dose for sale to doctors, clinics, et cetera. The consultants advised that the customer type described in the scenario should be registered by DEA as a manufacturer and obtain procurement quota for the purchase of the C-II material if C-IIs are being purchased." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall learning from Ms. Harper, whether from this e-mail or otherwise, of this mock DEA audit back in 2012?

Q. Okay. Well, if you turn to the first page of the exhibit, toward the bottom of the page there's an e-mail from you to Karen Harper, June 20, 2012. Do you see that?

Q. And in the second paragraph you say, "Your below e-mail is going to be difficult to explain since I do not believe any other manufacturer is asking them to do this. I know that they purchase from wholesalers, too. They have never mentioned anything to me. I believe we have others who repack product. Will we implement this with all customers, question mark?" Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall if -- if this was implemented with all customers?

Q. And the implementation that you're referring to there, is that a requirement that a repacking -- a customer who purchases and repacks would need to have

Q. It appears to be what Ms. Harper is referring to in her e-mail, isn't it?

Q. Okay. And in the top e-mail on the first page from Ms. Harper -- well, I guess it's from Ms. Harper to Ms. Harper -- it says, "Lake Erie d/b/a Quality Care Products purchases C-II under a DEA manufacturing license." Do you see that?

Q. And Lake Erie, was that one of your accounts?

Q. Okay. And is that consistent with your recollection, that they purchased Schedule II narcotics under a DEA manufacturing license?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 27 is a multipage e-mail thread beginning at MNK-T1 0005911712. Take a moment and look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Okay. You've seen that video?

Q. Okay. In what context do you remember seeing it?

Q. Okay. Did you ever provide that video to any of your accounts?

Q. And did you ever view it with any of your accounts?

Q. And what was your purpose for providing it to your accounts?

Q. Okay. Ever get any feedback from any of your accounts about the video?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 28 is a two-page e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0007076152. Please take a look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Okay. Yeah, this is

Q. Sure. So the e-mail toward the bottom of the first page from Lynn Popson -- do you know who Lynn Popson is?

Q. And what sort of customer was Hy-Vee?

Q. Okay. And so in that setting where someone is purchasing through a wholesaler, what would be the type of interaction you would have with that person -- with that type of indirect customer?

Q. So apart from meeting at the conferences of the type you described --

Q. -- would it be -- would you periodically get direct communication, whether e-mail or phone call, from this sort of indirect customer?

Q. And what typically -- what would be the types of things they would call or e-mail you about?

Q. Okay. And is this an example of such a communication?

Q. Okay. Do you recall this particular circumstance?

Q. Any idea how it was ultimately resolved?

Q. Okay. All right. You can put that aside.

Q. Exhibit 29 is a multipage e-mail thread beginning at MNK-T1 0008001120. Please take a look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Okay. So on the first page of the exhibit, in the middle of the page there's Karen Harper's e-mail to you dated September 9, 2010. Do you see that?

Q. And it's concerning a Dr. Balasubramanian. Do you remember any issues regarding Dr. Balasubramanian at any time?

Q. Okay. In the first paragraph of her e-mail, Ms. Harper -- the last sentence of that paragraph says, "We chose Dr. Balasubramanian for review due to the number of oxycodone 15-milligram and 30-milligram bottles ordered during 2010." Do you see that?

Q. Apart from recalling the name of this particular doctor, do you recall any other circumstances where Karen Harper notified you that there was a review of any particular doctor based on their ordering history of oxycodone 15 or 30?

Q. Okay. In the top e-mail on the first page of this exhibit, it's from you to Mike Gunning -- and I'm sorry, who was Mr. Gunning again?

Q. Okay. So was he someone that you indirect -- was an indirect report for you?

Q. Okay. And you say, "Mike, I should have said this is one of the doctors on the Lake Erie d/b/a Quality Care Products list that Natalie ran for me." Do you see that?

Q. Do you know who you mean by "Natalie" in that sentence?

Q. Okay. And do you recall why you had Natalie run for you doctors on the Lake Erie d/b/a Quality Care Products list?

Q. Okay. Do you have any recollection as to whether there was ever any DEA action taken with respect to Dr. Balasubramanian?

Q. Okay. Do you have any recollection as to whether there was any action taken subsequent to these e-mails with respect to Dr. Balasubramanian?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 30 is a single-page e-mail thread, MNK-T1 00000491217. Please take a look at those e-mails and let me know if you recognize them.

Q. Okay. So the e-mail in the middle of the page from you to Sandi Ivan Ivancho?

Q. Ivancho. -- dated March 29, 2011. Who was Sandi Ivancho?

Q. Okay. And the subject matter is Lake Erie Medical d/b/a Quality Care Products, the same group we talked about in the earlier e-mail, correct?

Q. And so you say, "Sandi, attached is a spreadsheet with the customers that the above account services. They are

Q. Okay. Do you recall sending this e-mail?

Q. No reason to doubt you sent it, do you?

Q. Okay. You go on to say, "The account does not do chargebacks due to the nature of their business." So let me start with that. Why would the nature of this account's business mean that they do not do chargebacks?

Q. As compared to pharmacies, for example?

Q. Okay. In the first paragraph, at the end you say, "We want to see all of their customers' sales for our products." Do you recall why you wanted to see those sales?

Q. The one concerning Dr. B with the long name?

Q. Whether it was a distributor versus manufacturer license?

Q. Okay. When you -- when you asked Sandi to run an owner report, what is an owner report in this setting?

Q. And so what would that -- what were you -- what information were you hoping to get from that owner report that you were asking her to run?

Q. Okay. So at least in the case of Lake Erie Medical d/b/a Quality Care Products, Mallinckrodt had in its records information that allowed it to identify who the end customer of Lake Erie Medical d/b/a Quality Care Products was?

Q. Okay. In any event, Mallinckrodt had the ability to run a report that would provide it with the identity of who the customers of Lake Erie Medical d/b/a Quality Care Products was; is that right?

Q. Okay. Well, did I misunderstand you? I thought that's what the owner report that you were asking for, you were expecting it to show you.

Q. Okay. But at least as to this particular customer, Lake Erie Medical d/b/a Quality Care Products, Mallinckrodt had the ability to run a report that showed who that entity's customers were, correct?

Q. Well, if you look above your e-mail, there's a letter -- there's an e-mail from Sandi Ivancho to you two or three days after your March 29th e-mail saying, "I took another stab at this report. This represents total end purchaser sales for the DEA number. Does this look like what you need?" Correct?

Q. So she appears to have been able to run a report that showed total end purchaser sales for the DEA number, correct?

Q. Do you recall what you did with that information once you received it?

Q. Do you recall other circumstances where you requested someone at Mallinckrodt to run an owner report of the type that you requested of Ms. Ivancho?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 31 is a multipage e-mail thread beginning with MNK-T1 0006258783. The e-mail is from October of 2012. Please take a look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Okay. The e-mail thread concerns the level of certain Walmart orders back in October of 2012, correct?

Q. And the very first e-mail on the first page, from Heather Dodson to you, asks whether you have any insight on why Walmart is ordering so much 063705. They're over the 60 days OH amount now. First of all, who's Heather Dodson?

Q. Okay. And when she makes reference to 60 days OH amount, what is OH in that setting?

Q. Okay. And do you recall getting back to her with any response on this question she's posing?

Q. Well, go ahead. Take your time.

Q. Do you recall if you got back to Ms. Dodson with an answer on the question she poses in her October 29 e-mail?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 32 is a multipage e-mail thread beginning at MNK-T1 0007721020. Please take a moment to look through those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Yes. Actually on the second page there's an e-mail from Jennifer Buist to you, and then -- which is following up on an e-mail from you to her. Those in particular.

Q. So in your -- in your e-mail of November 5, 2014, you make reference to a Curascript program. What was that program?

Q. So in your e-mail you say, "Attached is a list of customers on the Curascript program." So were there customers who were on such a program that you can recall?

Q. Okay. On Jennifer Buist's e-mail to you on November 5th at the top of the second page of that exhibit.

Q. In the second paragraph she states, "Amongst the list you provided, two pharmacies are currently chargeback restricted." Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what she meant by "chargeback restricted" in this setting?

Q. Okay. So did you receive notification from someone else at Mallinckrodt when a pharmacy was chargeback restricted?

Q. Okay. And what would you then do with that information?

Q. So in other words, the customers that resold to that chargeback-restricted pharmacy?

Q. And the chargeback restriction, what was the effect of that chargeback restriction?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 33 is a multipage e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0007984606. Please tell me if you recognize those e-mails.

Q. Do you recognize any of those e-mails?

Q. Okay. So these e-mails concern an apparently suspicious product that Albertsons discovered?

Q. Okay. And so ultimately you know what the -- the resolution of this -- of this situation was?

Q. Well, let me ask the question differently. Albertsons had an amount of the product in quarantine, correct?

Q. And -- because they had some concerns about it?

Q. And do you know ultimately what happened, whether that product was returned by Albertsons or released from quarantine or what happened?

Q. Okay. In your e-mail on October 21 in the first page of the exhibit --

Q. -- when you say, "The pictures came last week when we were at HD Smith. Jen and Karen both could not really see any difference, but apparently Scott is concerned." The Scott you're referring to there, is that Scott Johnson at Albertsons?

Q. Okay. And you don't recall the conclusion of that?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 34 is a multipage e-mail thread, MNK-11 0008396040. Please take a look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize those.

Q. Okay. So this concerns a new customer, Hometown Pharmacy; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And if you look at the top of the -- of the second page of the exhibit, there's an e-mail from you to Heather McKenzie dated August 3rd of 2016. Do you see that?

Q. And who was Heather McKenzie?

Q. Okay. And you say in your e-mail, "This is a new account for MNK. I just got" -- I'm sorry. "Just got DEA approval on their vault. Karen, Tim and I visited this account. I will provide volume ASAP. I'm in CA at a meeting away from my computer." Correct?

Q. And so the Karen, Tim -- the Karen and Tim that you visited the account with, who were they?

Q. And do you recall where this account was located?

Q. Do you know where in Ohio?

Q. Wisconsin?

Q. In 2016 -- well, were there other occasions where you visited new customer facilities with Ms. Harper?

Q. About how often can you recall that happening?

Q. And sometimes she would, and sometimes she wouldn't; is that fair?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 35 is a two-page e-mail thread beginning at MNK-T1 0001519326. Would you please take a look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Okay. So at the bottom of the first page there's an e-mail from Heather McKenzie to you, which carrying over to the second page says, "HD Smith order," it gives

Q. Okay. And I've seen U2 hold in some other documents, too. What did you understand that term to mean?

Q. Okay. Based on the SOMS team review?

Q. And so in this e-mail, Heather McKenzie is saying the order was released from hold, although it exceeded the forecasted allocation, correct?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 36 is a two-page e-mail thread beginning at MNK-Tl 0008409479. If you'd take a look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Okay. So on the bottom of the first page we have an e-mail from Heather McKenzie saying, "Bonnie, Anda Pharmaceuticals order" -- gives a number and

Q. Do you know what it means in this context for the order to be within the customer's segment?

Q. Okay. I mean, it appears to be the reason that it was released from hold, correct?

Q. Okay. So you're not familiar with that terminology of it being within their segment?

Q. Okay. And your e-mail on the first page from January 17 indicates "we are trying to drive compliance. Looks like it might be working." What did you mean by that, by the "looks like it might be working" phrase?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 37 is a multipage e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0007729179. Please take a look at those e-mails and let me know if you recognize them.

Q. Okay. Well, on the first page there's an e-mail from Karen Harper to you dated August 24, 2017. Do you see that?

Q. And she says, "Bonnie, the restriction of fentanyl patch purchases only is that MW1 is selling to veterinary customers. MNK has declined to sell other opioids such as oxycodone through to vets in the past." Do you see that?

Q. And apart from this e-mail from Ms. Harper, were you aware of Mallinckrodt declining to sell oxycodone to vets in the past?

Q. Okay. So you didn't have an understanding one way or the other about purchases by veterinarians?

Q. And you did not have any accounts that were veterinary purchasers, correct?

Q. And do you know if any of your accounts resold to veterinary purchasers?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 38 is a two-page e-mail thread MNK-T1 0008409661. Please take a look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Okay. Was Mallinckrodt a primary supplier?

Q. Okay. Well, in any event, the question -- well, on the second page of the exhibit, your e-mail to Deidre Ashworth -- and who was Deidre Ashworth?

Q. And so you're forwarding a question to her saying the order will not ship until we have your reply; is that right?

Q. Okay. And then the reply comes back that the order is due to the recent increase in demand from WAGS. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. "This is a great opportunity if you can support, question mark?"

Q. And then you forwarded that response to Amanda Chase, correct?

Q. And who was Amanda Chase?

Q. Okay. And the top e-mail from Lisa Cardetti to you and others states that "Attached is Walgreens' response. Will let you know if I hear anything further. Since Anda's purchases are not made at Walgreens' request, this is something to keep an eye on with a run on our inventory and even potential returns." Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what she meant by that, to "keep an eye on it with a run on our inventory and even potential returns"?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 39 is a multipage e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0004849397.

Q. Please take a look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Okay. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. If you turn to the one, two, three -- the fourth page of the exhibit, there's an e-mail from you to Lisa Cardetti and others dated September 19, 2017. Do you see that?

Q. And you say, "I have copied Amanda and Eileen on the SOM team so that we do not experience any problems regarding U2 holds on these shipments." So what did you mean by that, and how did copying Eileen and Amanda avoid problems regarding U2 holds?

Q. Okay. And the reason for these larger-than-normal orders was what?

Q. Okay. Exhibit 40 is a document that was produced in native MNK-T1 0007728133. Please take a look at that attachment and tell me if you're familiar with this report or at least the format of this report.

Q. There's a column headed "Action" toward the right-hand side. Do you see that?

Q. And for almost all of the entries in the report, it indicates closed account, parens, quote D, close quote. Do you know what that means?

Q. Okay. All right. You can set that aside.

Q. Ms. New, I'll hand you what we've marked as Exhibit 44, which is a multipage document beginning at Bates MNK --

Q. Yeah, we're going to get back to 9 in just a second. 44 is a -- begins with Bates MNK-Tl 0005649068. Take a look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them, please.

Q. Okay. And what is the subject?

Q. Ms. New, you were saying you were familiar with the subject matter?

Q. And what is that subject matter?

Q. Okay. And if you turn to the last page of the exhibit, there's an e-mail from Elva Ramsaran?

Q. And who was she?

Q. Okay. And she says, "Bonnie and I just got off the phone with Jodi Cartwright and Jim Langman, Walmart compliance manager," correct?

Q. And it goes on to say, "Walmart's concern isn't that the product won't sell but that the product will sell, and Walmart concerns -- concern for promoting

Q. Do you recall the conversation with the Walmart personnel that Ms. Ramsaran mentions in this e-mail?

Q. Okay. Ms. Ramsaran indicates that you and she had a call with the Walmart personnel.

Q. Do you recall that call?

Q. And do you recall the concerns that the Walmart personnel expressed in that call?

Q. Okay. Under Walmart concerns, Ms. Ramsaran lists three bullet items. If you could take a look at those and tell me if you -- if those are consistent with your recollection of that call.

Q. And is that consistent with your recollection?

Q. Okay. And accurate that Walmart -- that Walmart personnel expressed that Walmart did not want to be associated with any type of opioid promotional efforts to physicians?

Q. Okay. Do you recall what aspect of the -- the program Walmart felt would be a potential -- could be perceived as

Q. Okay. Was there a particular -- so this product, was this a new product that was being offered at this time?

Q. Okay. And do you recall the Walmart personnel expressing any reasons why they thought this particular product could be problematic as creating a perception that Walmart's goal was for sales and profits?

Q. Okay. Do you remember what happened with this product with Walmart, ultimately?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. If you could look at Exhibit 9 now.

Q. And we looked at this one earlier today. This is an e-mail from Mr. Adams to the national account managers forwarding a press clipping that we looked at earlier today, correct?

Q. Okay. During the time you were national account manager or director, was there any process in place whereby you and the other national account managers shared things like press clippings that were of general interest?

Q. Was it a formal process or simply if someone chose to circulate something, they'd circulate it?

Q. Did anyone maintain any kind of central file of press clippings that were circulated among the national account managers, anything like that?

Q. Okay. Did you have -- did the national account managers have periodic meetings?

Q. How often would you meet?

Q. Okay. So well, you met with Mr. Becker with some regularity, correct?

Q. Okay. How about Mr. Borelli, did you meet with him with some regularity?

Q. Okay. Did you have occasion to form any view with respect to Mr. Becker's effectiveness as a national account manager?

Q. How about Mr. Borelli's?

Q. Did you have occasion to formulate any view as to Mr. Becker's honesty?

Q. How about Mr. Borelli's?

Q. Did anyone at Mallinckrodt ever express to you any dissatisfaction with the performance of Mr. Becker?

Q. How about Mr. Borelli?

Q. Anyone ever express to you any concern regarding the reliability or truthworthiness of Mr. Becker?

Q. Or Mr. Borelli? MR DAVISON: Objection.
