Witness:  Catherine Jackson
Attorney: MS. Gaffney
Source:   MNKOI0004569338
============================================================

Q. Good morning, Ms. Jackson. Could you please state and spell your full name for the record?

Q. Thank you. And you understand your under oath --

Q. -- to tell the truth here today. Are you taking any medication or is there any other reason that would interfere with your ability to answer questions fully and truthfully today?

Q. Have you ever been deposed before?

Q. So there are a few basic ground rules that are important for the sake of the court reporter and to have a clear record. First, is that we don't speak at the same time, so wait for me to finish asking a question before you answer, and I'll do the same, wait for you to finish answering before I ask another question. And then second, when you answer a question, you must answer it verbally with a yes or no rather than nodding or shaking your head. If I ask you a question you don't understand, please let me know. I'll try to rephrase the question. Are you represented by counsel today?

Q. And who is your counsel?

Q. Okay. Great.

Q. And did you hire them or did they contact you through your employer?

Q. Okay. And are you being compensated at all for your time here today?

Q. Exhibit 1 is a copy of the deposition notice. Have you seen this document before?

Q. Okay. When did you first see it?

Q. Okay. And if you look at the bottom of the first page, it says: "Additionally, please take notice pursuant to applicable federal rules of civil procedure, plaintiffs have requested, the individual identified above, produce the documents identified in Schedule A attached to this notice that is in their possession, custody or control." And in schedule A there is a definition of terms and then the requests are at the bottom, starting at the bottom of page four and then going on to page five. So we have a copy of your résumé, number two at the top of page five -- do you see it?

Q. Okay. "All documents including electronic data and e-mail in your possession related in any way to any defendants, manufacturer, marketing, sale, distribution, suspicious order monitoring, and lobbying efforts in connection with its opioid business." Did you search your documents for anything responsive to this request?

Q. Okay. So your documents that are in storage, have they been searched?

Q. So that's for Mallinckrodt. How about any documents related to Purdue or Endo?

Q. Okay. Do you use a phone for work, text messaging on your phone, ever?

Q. Okay. And have those text messages been searched?

Q. Okay.

Q. Ms. Jackson, what did you do to prepare for your deposition today?

Q. Two days of preparation with the two attorneys here?

Q. Did you speak with any of the other attorneys in this room?

Q. Okay. And did you review any documents?

Q. Okay. Did any of those documents refresh your recollection?

Q. Okay. And have all the documents that --

Q. Ms. Jackson, did you speak with any of your coworkers or former coworkers about the topics that we're going to discuss today?

Q. Okay. When did you start working at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And have you held the same position there the entire time, or different positions?

Q. Okay. Can you walk me through those positions?

Q. What's the difference -- or how would you describe the difference between global medical affairs and government affairs and advocacy?

Q. Okay. And then within medical affairs, you were within medical advocacy but you listed a few other divisions. How was that structured, how did you interact with, for example, with the research arm of things, medical science?

Q. Okay. And when you were manager in medical advocacy to whom did you report?

Q. And then within government affairs, to whom did you report?

Q. In both of these positions, do you have regular performance reviews?

Q. Okay. Are there written evaluations for those reviews?

Q. Okay. Those were not produced as part of the personnel file?

Q. Okay. You've been handed what's been marked as Exhibit 2, which is an e-mail attaching a presentation that you sent to Kevin Webb. And with those two departments we were just talking about, medical affairs and government affairs, did Kevin Webb work for one of those or does Kevin Webb work for one of those too?

Q. Government affairs. Okay. And the subject of this e-mail was, today's call with CAD? What does CAD stand for?

Q. Oh, go ahead.

Q. Okay. Great. So just a question about the subject. Today's call with CADs? What does CAD stand for?

Q. No problem. Okay. And then question about your e-mail at the top of this page here. You mention meeting with Karen Harper in the diversion group.

Q. Is that something that you do regularly in your -- so in 2014 this would have been in your medical affairs position; is that correct?

Q. Okay. In the medical affairs position, is that something you would do regularly, meet with the diversion group?

Q. Got it. Okay. And then if you go down to the bottom of the same page, Vanessa Harris is asking Kevin Webb for the same slide deck that, quote, Catherine Jackson did for Dina and I at our first initial meeting. So you've reviewed the slide deck, is it your understanding or recollection, that you've used this slide deck to give a presentation before?

Q. Got it.

Q. Okay. And the slide deck that proceeds it, is that something you're familiar with, the advocacy overview?

Q. Okay. I have a question about the second slide in that slide deck with the heading, Mallinckrodt Advocacy Mission.

Q. So here it says: "The mission is to position Mallinckrodt as a responsible company developing and implementing innovative solutions to address patient pain and supporting efforts to end misuse and abuse." What is your understanding of what it means here by "responsible company?"

Q. Being a stakeholder in that community, what does that mean?

Q. And why would you describe your role as "down the chain and small?"

Q. Okay. And what are some of those things that you said "you do what we can and what you feel you should?"

Q. What are some of those things?

Q. Okay. So flipping to the section of the slide deck that's the Care Alliance presentation that you would give, this here, as you pointed out, it says managed care team presentation. So do I understand that correctly that it's an internal Mallinckrodt presentation to people who are working on managed care accounts?

Q. And what is the CARES Alliance?

Q. Okay. How does -- so is that particular to Exalgo or what's the connection between CARES Alliance and Exalgo?

Q. Okay. And how does that bring about CARES Alliance?

Q. Okay. And what does acting responsibly mean in the context of the CARES Alliance?

Q. Okay. Flip and look at the next two slides together. So these two slides describe two epidemics. The epidemic of pain and the epidemic of prescription drug abuse. What's the definition of epidemic?

Q. And which epidemic are you speaking about?

Q. And which of these epidemics concerns you more?

Q. And personally, if you had a loved one swept up in one of these epidemics, would you rather that loved one be experiencing chronic pain or prescription drug abuse?

Q. Really?

Q. Truthfully?

Q. If you keep going through the slide, there's

Q. And if the graph were to continue to the present year, we would see the line for opioid overdose death rates continuing to climb; is that correct?

Q. You personally are not familiar with the overdose death rate annually?

Q. Your current position at Mallinckrodt is in government affairs and advocacy?

Q. And you would agree that there is a national opioid epidemic currently?

Q. You work for a company that manufactures opioids?

Q. In the area of government affairs and advocacy, but you're not aware of the opioid overdose death rate?

Q. When is the last year for which you were aware of it?

Q. Do you ever read news articles about the opioid epidemic?

Q. So you think it may be that the death rate has plateaued since 2010?

Q. I just want to make sure that testimony is clear that in your position in Mallinckrodt, you don't know what's happened to overdose death rates since 2010, you think they may have fallen, they may have plateaued, you don't know?

Q. Do you stay on top of trends?

Q. So you just described as equally important, the undertreatment of pain and opioid overdose deaths. Is that correct?

Q. Okay. I'm just asking about your testimony. You said, "I think both of them are equally important."

Q. And given that you are equating the two, personally, would you rather have a loved one waking up in pain every day or going to sleep and never waking up?

Q. Are opioids the only solution for chronic pain?

Q. Okay. Going a couple slides ahead, the heading CARES Alliance here it says "the CARES Alliance aims to improve pain management outcomes through education and awareness campaigns that are innovative and science based? "

Q. What does that mean, science based?

Q. Evidence based?

Q. Okay. And who is the audience for the CARES Alliance education and awareness campaigns?

Q. The next bullet point on the slide says: "Our goal is to help healthcare professionals and people with pain work together to better assess the risks and benefits of pain medications so more people living in pain can find the relief they need." You mentioned having a background as an RN in practice. What -- given your experience as an RN, what would you say you need to assess the risks and benefits of medications?

Q. Okay. And you just described the risk information, in terms of balancing risks and benefits. What sort of information would you need to -- on the benefits side, when you are evaluating

Q. What about before a person starts to take medication, you're talking about improvements in function after taking a medication, but would you also want to weigh the risks and benefits before someone starts taking the medication at all?

Q. What about assessing the benefits of a drug before someone has taken it?

Q. Is there a way to do it?

Q. Got it. Chronic pain. In terms of opioid treatment for chronic pain, are you aware of research showing the benefits of opioid treatment for chronic pain?

Q. And the studies showing benefits of opioid treatment for chronic pain, do you have any idea generally how long those studies lasted?

Q. Just on the next page of this slide deck, the heading is Objectives. And the second bullet: "To proactively address the need to ensure the benefits of a drug outweigh their risks?"

Q. Can you give me an example of how the CARES Alliance carried out this objective?

Q. And on the benefits side, CARES Alliance with its education and awareness campaigns, did CARES Alliance ever do anything to educate providers about the disease states for which opioids show little to no benefit?

Q. You mentioned fibromyalgia a moment ago as a disease state for which opioids are not shown to be effective.

Q. In the nineties?

Q. Got it. Okay.

Q. Okay. Before the break we were talking about studies you were aware of regarding opioid use for fibromyalgia in the late '90s, and understanding that you haven't kept up since then, since you left clinical practice, if the evidence since then were to show that opioids were not effective for fibromyalgia, would that be something that an opioid manufacturer would have a responsibility to share with the medical community and the patients?

Q. Earlier you spoke about a responsible company educating the medical community patients, caregivers, healthcare providers. Where does that responsibility stop?

Q. Sure. If the evidence were to show that opioids were not effective for disease state, such as fibromyalgia, would a manufacturer have a responsibility to share that information with the public?

Q. Okay. Earlier, when we were talking about the advocacy mission of Mallinckrodt, positioning Mallinckrodt to be a responsible company, one of the things that you spoke about was patient education and healthcare provider education, where treatment works, in what disease states. Then you gave the example of opioids not working for fibromyalgia based on the studies as of the late '90s. So wouldn't that fit into what you were saying earlier, where treatment works for a disease state or doesn't work in a disease state?

Q. Okay. So going back to what you said earlier about a responsible pharmaceutical company engaging in patient education and healthcare provider education, including where treatment works for which disease states, is that still your testimony?

Q. I'm just trying to understand what you were explaining about the manufacturer's responsibility in terms of patient education and healthcare provider education.

Q. Okay. How about Mallinckrodt, not CARES Alliance, but Mallinckrodt and other manufacturers. Would they -- or do they engage in patient education and healthcare provider education?

Q. Including about where treatment works in certain disease states or doesn't work in other disease states?

Q. Let me just go back to the words you had earlier.

Q. Okay. So earlier you were saying -- it's a little hard to read from the transcript but it's multifaceted and there are many shareholders, the manufacturer is one of them, and one of the things that a manufacturer, you said, can do and what you feel should do, is: "Patient education, caregiver education, healthcare provider education and patient education to make sure that they understand whatever disease state with the course of the disease state, where treatments work in the disease state, how to discuss with their physicians when they are getting trouble with their treatments, no longer working." That's what I was asking about. This educational piece about the disease state and where treatments work and don't work with the disease state. That was my understanding of what you said earlier. Are you changing that now?

Q. So you don't use the research in your educational campaigns as a manufacturer?

Q. Okay. So Exhibit 3 is an e-mail from October 2014, so a few months after you had started at Mallinckrodt, and it's an e-mail from you describing attending a workshop in Washington, D.C. with Maureen Corson. Do you remember attending that workshop?

Q. Vaguely. Sure. And who is Maureen Corson?

Q. Okay. So you sent this e-mail to a number of people at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Can you take a moment and run down the list and state the name and then which department or division at Mallinckrodt each person worked in?

Q. How about the CC line?

Q. That's fine.

Q. So several departments in Mallinckrodt represented. Why were you sending all of them this description of the workshop you attended?

Q. Your e-mail says: "The goal of the meeting was to present the evidence on the -- and then first of all it is, long-term effectiveness of opioids for treating chronic pain." You wrote: "The best way to summarize the results of the meeting is to share, quote, from the draft executive summary. What was particularly striking to the panel was the realization that there is insufficient evidence for every clinical decision that a provider needs to make regarding use of opioids for chronic pain, leaving the provider to rely on his or her own clinical experience?" Did I read that correctly, that there is insufficient evidence for every clinical decision that a provider needs to make regarding use of opioids for chronic pain?

Q. Okay. How does this information about the lack of sufficient evidence for opioid use for chronic pain affect Mallinckrodt's messaging about its products that treat chronic pain?

Q. Sure. And just to clarify, in your time at Mallinckrodt, you were only responsible for the CARES Alliance?

Q. In both positions?

Q. Okay. You're reporting -- in this e-mail you're reporting the summary from this panel you attended. Do you disagree with that panel, the statement that you reported in your e-mail?

Q. Based on your experience and your own knowledge, do you believe that there is sufficient evidence to support the use of opioids for chronic pain?

Q. You said the data is so different today compared to October 2014 or --

Q. At the time, in October 2014, did you believe that there was sufficient evidence to support the use of opioids for chronic pain?

Q. Okay. So as you said, you don't have all that data, but you attended a meeting where the goal of the meeting was to present that data on the long-term effectiveness of opioids for treating chronic pain. Do you have any reason to doubt the conclusion that you shared in your e-mail?

Q. Okay. So this conclusion from this panel doesn't stand out as particularly striking or memorable?

Q. Something that you or others at Mallinckrodt may have already been aware of?

Q. Sure, but not necessarily the quote, but the content of it. "What was particularly striking to the panel, was the realization that there was insufficient evidence for every clinical decision that a provider needs to make regarding the use of opioids for chronic pain." Nothing about that stood out as striking to you or memorable?

Q. But in the meantime, Mallinckrodt and other manufacturers, promoted drugs for the treatment of chronic pain, without evidence. Is that what you're saying?

Q. Okay. You said, "sometimes we don't have evidence-based medicine."

Q. I'll give you a moment to read it. Okay?

Q. So Exhibit 4 is an e-mail from Maureen Corson to Sonya Martin and Jan Anderson and copying you and it's around the same time as the prior e-mail we were just looking at two days before, that e-mail, and if you go to the beginning of the e-mail thread, Sonya Martin is asking Maureen Corson to send her her summary of the NIH meeting to her and Jan Anderson. The e-mail signature for Sonya shows that she works for the medical affairs company. Are you familiar with the medical affairs company?

Q. Can you describe for me the role of that company?

Q. Okay. And is it your understanding that this e-mail summarizes the same NIH workshop that the prior exhibit was about?

Q. Okay. Okay. So Maureen's summary includes 14 points.

Q. We won't go through each of them but if you can just go down to number seven. It says: "There are three major areas in which the use of opioids in chronic pain can be eliminated and reduce the burden. The two most relevant are the management of lower back pain and headaches. Used long term, in these two populations, has shown poor outcomes because they trick the brain into feeling better than it really is." Following this panel and this information, did Mallinckrodt communicate this information, in its science-based education campaigns, that opioids can be eliminated from the treatment of lower back pain and headaches based on poor outcomes?

Q. You're on the e-mail. What did you do with the information?

Q. So this e-mail is from October 1st, 2014, and the request at the beginning is a summary of the NIH meeting the past few days. The prior exhibit we looked at from, October 3rd, 2014, is an e-mail from you where you said, "Maureen Corson, PharmD. and I attended the NIH Pathways to Prevention workshop on the Role of Opioids in the Treatment of Chronic Pain this week in Washington, D.C." And then, this e-mail we're looking at now, Exhibit 4, is Maureen Corson's summary of that meeting that you attended with her.

Q. So you sent a -- your own summary on to many other people at Mallinckrodt, we went through the list of various departments.

Q. I understand.

Q. Okay. And what does NIH stand for?

Q. So it's not just a meeting, but it's a workshop held by the National Institute of Health to present the evidence on the long-term use of opioids for chronic pain?

Q. Okay. And would this sort of national presentation of the evidence be important to Mallinckrodt?

Q. Sure. And then after attending, what would you do with this sort of information?

Q. So once it's beyond the draft stage and it is complete, and Mallinckrodt has had internal discussions about this information, would Mallinckrodt then disseminate it externally?

Q. What about the evidence that opioids are not effective treatment for lower back pain and headaches?

Q. Is that something that you would educate healthcare providers and patients about?

Q. Who at Mallinckrodt could answer that?

Q. Earlier you spoke, for several minutes, about a responsible company educating patients and healthcare providers, including about disease states --

Q. -- and treatments that work or don't work for these disease states. Here is a summary of evidence that was presented, nationally, and that has been relayed within Mallinckrodt that says opioids can be eliminated for lower back pain treatment and headaches and reduce the burden.

Q. Right. I hadn't finished yet.

Q. No, no, that's fine. Would Mallinckrodt take this information and share that with healthcare providers and patients?

Q. Okay. Would the medical affairs department at Mallinckrodt -- or does the medical affairs department at Mallinckrodt, provide information to marketing and to sales regarding the medical information about Mallinckrodt products?

Q. But would medical affairs provide medical information to those other departments within Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Would they provide information about what disease states Mallinckrodt products work or don't work for?

Q. So what sort of provider education and patient education would your department engage in?

Q. Specifically, what sort of information would you convey to healthcare providers and patients? You've said nothing about disease states; is that correct?

Q. So earlier when we talked about evaluating risks and benefits of a drug, you said, in terms of the benefit of a drug, you would want to know whether it would actually do something to bring function back.

Q. So would you want to know, whether the drug you're going -- you're considering prescribing, is effective for a state, such as low back pain or headache, before you prescribe it?

Q. So tell me more about that, about pain as a single entity. I don't think that you're saying that pain is a single entity. There is different kinds of pain, right?

Q. So just to back up, to my understanding, the source of the pain, such as whether it's chronic low back pain or another type of musculoskeletal pain, would be relevant to the treatment that would be prescribed for that pain, but then you said, "Well, this is about pain management, it's not about the injury or the disease state."

Q. But Mallinckrodt does communicate directly with physicians?

Q. Correct?

Q. Right. Different department. But the sales team gets information about the medical science of Mallinckrodt's products from the medical affairs department, is that correct or is that not correct?

Q. Is there another source within Mallinckrodt for medical information about Mallinckrodt products other than the medical affairs department?

Q. So to the extent Mallinckrodt employees are being trained on, say, how to speak to providers about Exalgo, that information is coming from medical affairs, is that correct?

Q. That makes sense, but it's coming from the medical affairs department whether --

Q. -- marketing and then to sales --

Q. That's what I'm asking about because that's what I understand this meeting was presenting, was the scientific data on the long-term use for opioids for chronic pain, including that there are poor outcomes for low back pain and headaches. So --

Q. I would want -- as a patient, I would want my healthcare provider to know whether a medication was shown to be effective for the problem that I'm presenting to the provider or not. So here where it's saying that opioids and chronic pain can be eliminated for management of lower back pain and headaches, would that be information that Mallinckrodt would transmit to marketing and to its sales team so that it could reach providers in another way?

Q. Would you think that that would be information that the sales team should have when speaking with providers?

Q. The report is attached to this e-mail. I didn't print it for today because it's 200 pages long.

Q. You said you can't take it and make it gospel, but would you ever present information to the medical community to say it looks like the evidence does not support the use for this drug in -- for lower back pain or headaches without having to say there is gospel?

Q. And in your clinical practice, would you only want to hear about scientific evidence once it was, quote, gospel?

Q. And Mallinckrodt employees are interacting -- the sales team is interacting with doctors, with physicians, and nurses and PAs, and there is nothing to prevent a Mallinckrodt salesperson from saying, there doesn't appear to be any evidence supporting the use of this drug for low back pain, you, healthcare provider, can make your decision based on your own practice but just so you know, there is no evidence supporting the use of this drug for that disease state, is there anything to prevent a Mallinckrodt employee from sharing that with a physician?

Q. But manufacturers do present evidence when it's favorable to them to the medical community, so there isn't anything to prevent manufacturers from also sharing with the medical community, evidence that would be less favorable to the sales of their products?

Q. Okay. If you go down to number 11 on this document, it says: "During the panel discussions it was quite evident that there isn't a single fix needed for the issue of opioid prescribing and then

Q. Okay. And at this point, this isn't evidence review taking place in 2014, so looking back to all the evidence assembled up to that point, so to the extent that this conclusion is accurate, that there is -- isn't anything showing that opioids are effective long-term for chronic pain with the exception of cancer-related pain that would cover, not only 2014, but everything prior to that, correct?

Q. So assuming that that is correct, that there is nothing to show the effectiveness of opioids for long-term treatment of chronic pain, why do you think that opioids, over the past 20 years, have been used long-term for the treatment of chronic pain?

Q. Why do you think that it became so common over the past 20 years, not that they continued to use them today?

Q. Over the past 20 years -- would you agree that over the past 20 years, the use of opioids for chronic pain became much more common than it was, say, 30 years ago?

Q. How did that come about in the absence of evidence?

Q. Does that matter whether a study is short or long when you are talking about a long-term treatment?

Q. A patient who is going to be taking the medication.

Q. A clinician who is prescribing it

Q. And what if the long-term outcomes are not there?

Q. Take a chance and take the drug?

Q. You're being prescribed a drug for chronic pain, not a short-term event. Would you want to know whether there is data showing long-term efficacy and safety?

Q. I think it's very much a real-life situation.

Q. If you look at number 14 on this e-mail, it says: "The panel concluded there isn't any consistency in prescribing chronic opioids and that there isn't any data supporting their use long-term in most disease states." Is that information that a pharmaceutical company has the responsibility to relay to healthcare providers and patients?

Q. What would trigger that responsibility to educate?

Q. Do you only make the changes when they are required by regulation?

Q. Mallinckrodt's messaging.

Q. In your opinion, is the responsibility of a pharmaceutical company to educate healthcare providers and patients triggered only by FDA regulations?

Q. One more point on this e-mail and then we can let it rest.

Q. Number 8, if you could go back to the first page.

Q. Number 8 reads: "The strategy to reduce abuse could involve the following items; tamper proof products, aversion agent, antagonist delivery system and formulation. When looking at the data from the OxyContin reformulation, noticed a significant decline in abuse after it was modified. However, noticed a corresponding increase of abuse of IR oxycodone." And for the record, what is IR oxycodone?

Q. And do you remember what the time frame was for when OxyContin was reformulated to be abuse-deterrent?

Q. Mallinckrodt manufacturers immediate-release oxycodone, correct?

Q. Were you aware of any discussions among Mallinckrodt employees about what's described here, the increase in sales of IR oxycodone corresponding to the decrease in OxyContin abuse after reformulation?

Q. So this is an exhibit that was marked Exhibit 11 in the deposition of Steven Becker, who was the national account manager at Mallinckrodt. I believe that his tenure at Mallinckrodt would have only overlapped with your tenure by a few months. Did you meet Steven Becker at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And then the author of this e-mail is Bonny New. Do you know who Bonny New is?

Q. How about any of the recipients of this e-mail?

Q. So the e-mail, you can see she writes: I think -- interesting read. I think it supports our suspicions in the regard to the increased usage of the oxy 30 milligram. And then on the back is the short article, and the second to last paragraph begins with: Demand appears especially high for pure oxycodone that come in 30 milligram pills. This e-mail is from 2011. It's before you started at Mallinckrodt, but since you have been working at Mallinckrodt, has anyone at Mallinckrodt ever talked to you about diversion and abuse related to Mallinckrodt's generic oxycodone products, particularly the oxy 30s?

Q. Okay. And not about that article specifically but about diversion and abuse of generic oxycodone, is that something that people have discussed with you at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Not at the meetings with the suspicious order monitoring group?

Q. Okay. And you now work in government affairs and advocacy and no one at Mallinckrodt has ever spoken to you about the diversion of Mallinckrodt's generic oxycodone?

Q. Sure. You speak about the programs that are in place without speaking about the products that are being diverted; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Did it ever come up in discussion of development of abuse-deterrent products?

Q. So would it surprise you to hear that IR oxycodone is the most abused opioid on the market?

Q. Would it surprise you to hear that IR oxycodone is the most abused product in Mallinckrodt's portfolio?

Q. I'll just give you a moment to look it over. Okay. So this is an e-mail -- Exhibit 5 is an e-mail from Kevin Webb, and you mentioned Kevin Webb earlier when we were going through the people you worked with at Mallinckrodt. So he's part of government affairs and advocacy; is that correct?

Q. Spin-off?

Q. Okay. And you were copied on this e-mail as well; is that correct?

Q. It's about the submission of an NDA for ADF Roxicodone, and his e-mail states that oxycodone immediate release is the most abused opioid on the market and the most abused product in MNK's portfolio; is that correct, that's what the e-mail says?

Q. Do you have any reason to doubt that statement?

Q. And just to clarify for the record, since this is about Roxicodone, Roxicodone is immediate release oxycodone; is that correct?

Q. On the second page of this e-mail, one of the bullet points -- let's see. Under -- the heading was on the first page, "Launch of Re-formulated Roxi." There is a bullet point: Requests FDA to pull the NDA of the original non-ADF Roxi IR opioid due to safety reasons. What safety reasons are those?

Q. Fair enough. A Kevin question. Do you have any understanding of what he might have been referring to there?

Q. Okay. So you work -- this is October 2016. Both you and Kevin Webb are working together in government affairs and advocacy, but you don't have any idea what he's referring to there with pulling the NDA of one of Mallinckrodt's products for safety reasons?

Q. But what's your understanding based on your position in government affairs and advocacy for Mallinckrodt?

Q. So this e-mail is from October 2016, over two years ago the bullet point of pulling the NDA for non-ADF Roxi for safety reasons. Has Mallinckrodt done so?

Q. Would it surprise you to hear that immediate release oxycodone was not only the most abused product in Mallinckrodt's portfolio, but also Mallinckrodt's top-selling product?

Q. I'm sure there is a better word.

Q. So this is just an excerpt from the deposition testimony of Steven Becker, I mentioned earlier national account manager at Mallinckrodt. The first page is a cover page, the second page is the excerpt, and at the bottom of the second page you can see that he testifies that oxycodone 30 is "our top-selling product."

Q. Do you have any reason to disagree with his testimony?

Q. Would that present a problem for Mallinckrodt, that its top-selling product is also its most abused product?

Q. What is Mallinckrodt's responsibility if its top-selling product is also its most abused product?

Q. And those efforts that you have seen since you started in 2014, do you know when they started at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So Exhibit 7 is a subsequent e-mail to the e-mail we were looking at previously, the e-mail about abuse deterrent Roxicodone.

Q. Ms. Jackson, could you read your reply that's at the beginning of this e-mail into the record?

Q. Thank you. Can you please explain what "designed to be abuse resistant" means in the context of Opana?

Q. And why did you suggest using that phrase for Xartemis?

Q. Your e-mail says that that suggestion was not approved. Who at Mallinckrodt didn't approve it?

Q. Okay. Do you know which department that team would have been in?

Q. Okay.

Q. Exhibit 8 is just a short e-mail. Earlier you had mentioned monthly meetings with the compliance side or the suspicious order monitoring side, and I wanted to ask about this -- this e-mail says -- it's from Karen Harper: "In advance of our next CARES Alliance/Medical Advocacy/Legal Department luncheon..." Is this luncheon that Karen Harper is referring to in your e-mail the same thing that you had mentioned earlier, or it's different?

Q. Okay. Could you explain what this luncheon is? Or it sounds like it's an event that took place somewhat regularly. Is that correct?

Q. Okay. That's no problem. So the -- what you were explaining earlier about monthly meetings, tell me more about those. Who would attend those monthly meetings? You said sometime you were able to and sometimes you weren't.

Q. But who would be the broader group attending?

Q. Got it. And you said the different programs that were in place to do it. Just to clarify for the record, you're talking about anti-diversion programs?

Q. Okay. So this is Exhibit 9. It's two sheets. I can explain. Sorry, I didn't get them stapled, but the exhibit is an e-mail with an attachment and the attachment is a poster, and when it printed originally, you can see on the back of that page it printed very small, so I printed a different version of it, one that we might have some chance of reading.

Q. Okay. So this e-mail is from June 2014 -- well, it's two e-mails in this first page and your e-mail is the bottom one asking for "the poster that CARES Alliance supported on our diversion program." What does it mean that CARES Alliance supported this poster?

Q. Okay. Okay. So that was CARES Alliance financially supporting the production of this poster?

Q. Okay. And again, this is still hard to read but I think we can see some of the headings on this poster. One of them is "Chargeback review." Are you familiar with Mallinckrodt's chargeback review procedures?

Q. Do you know what a chargeback is just as a general matter?

Q. That's fine. To your knowledge is the use of chargebacks common across the pharmaceutical industry?

Q. In one of the larger print sections it says: "Chargeback blocking prevents product distribution to pharmacies at risk of diversion." What is your understanding of what a pharmacy at risk of diversion is?

Q. Okay. This is text over here says the anti-diversion working group -- sorry. "The Anti-Diversion Industry Working Group facilitates collaboration with drug manufacturers and distributors to prevent opioid diversion and abuse." Are you familiar with the Anti-Diversion Industry Working Group?

Q. Okay. And then the medical advocacy group at Mallinckrodt worked on -- I don't know if you would call them anti-diversion measures, but prescription drug takeback days, safe disposal pouches; is that correct?

Q. Both the Medsaway pouches and the drug takeback days are aimed at conduct that happens after the drugs are sold. Does medical affairs ever work on any measures to actually reduce the number of opioids prescribed?

Q. And I asked a question about this earlier but I'm still a little bit confused about the overlap between medical affairs and CARES Alliance. My understanding is that medical affairs is broader than CARES Alliance.

Q. Okay. In some of the answers you're speaking only to CARES Alliance but I'm asking about medical affairs more broadly, so I just wanted to clarify that. What else was part of medical affairs besides CARES Alliance when you were there?

Q. Okay. And medical affairs is the top of the umbrella under which there is -- is medical science separate from medical affairs, or is it part of medical affairs?

Q. So going back to this poster and all the programs that are listed there, why is all -- why are all those programs necessary?

Q. Okay. So according to your résumé, which we will talk about, you've lived in a number of places but you were based in Florida between 2005 and 2011?

Q. Okay. Were you aware of a prescription opioid abuse problem in Florida during that time?

Q. How did you become aware of it?

Q. And based on that variety of information, was it your understanding that Florida had a particularly strong problem with prescription drug abuse relative to other places in the country?

Q. So what about that unique situation of having dispensing physicians contributed to the growth of prescription drug abuse in Florida?

Q. Okay. Before the break we were talking about Florida and dispensing physicians as being kind of a unique factor in Florida's circumstance related to prescription drug abuse. What does that mean, dispensing physicians, can you explain that?

Q. And to your knowledge, that's different than the way it was in other states?

Q. And why would that have any influence, if it did, on abuse and diversion?

Q. And are you familiar with the term "pill mill"?

Q. What is a pill mill as you understand that term?

Q. Okay. Another term, have you ever heard the term "Oxy Express"?

Q. Have you watched that video? It's a short documentary, correct?

Q. What's the -- what makes it not a documentary, in your mind?

Q. Yeah, that's what I was asking about, your opinion. That's fine. It won an award, is my understanding. Do you recall that?

Q. A single person walking around with a camera couldn't make a documentary?

Q. I'm just -- okay. I'm trying to understand what you are saying about why that wouldn't be a documentary.

Q. It documented the lives of some people addicted to opioid painkillers and their families, correct?

Q. So what does the "OxyContin Express" refer to?

Q. You mentioned that you read articles about the prescription drug epidemic in Florida while you were living there.

Q. Okay. You would scan the headlines. And were there a lot of headlines at that time?

Q. Were you aware through those headlines that you scanned or other sources of information about other ways that pills were leaving the state of Florida and going to other states?

Q. You'd -- sorry. To clarify, you had mentioned one example of the OxyContin Express flights to Fort Lauderdale.

Q. But were you aware of other ways that pills were being trafficked out of Florida?

Q. Should we wait a moment so you can --

Q. Okay. This is an exhibit that was Exhibit 25 in the deposition of Victor Borelli, another national account manager at Mallinckrodt. Do you know Victor Borelli?

Q. Right. So at the bottom of the page you can see it's a forward of a short article by Karen Harper to other Mallinckrodt employees, and this e-mail is from July 2009 with the headline "Prescription Drug Abuse Epidemic" and it says below: "South Florida has become the largest supplier of illegal prescription drugs in the country." Is this example similar to headlines that you saw in that timeframe?

Q. And would you agree that this statement, "South Florida has become the largest supplier of illegal prescription drugs in the country," suggests that Florida in particular is supplying the rest of the country, not just that some individuals in Florida are filling their prescriptions in Georgia and some individuals in Georgia are filling their prescriptions in Florida?

Q. That was long. This statement, "South Florida has become the largest supplier of illegal prescription drugs in the country," would you agree that this statement is saying that South Florida is supplying the rest of the country and not just that there are some people in Florida filling prescriptions in Georgia and some people in Georgia filling prescriptions in Florida?

Q. Uh-huh. And you read many articles or saw many headlines while you were living in Florida at this time of this nature?

Q. You said earlier -- strike that. Would you agree that someone living in Florida between 2005 and 2011 would likely have been aware of a prescription drug abuse problem in the state?

Q. But Mallinckrodt was paying attention to it, correct? Karen Harper forwarded this e-mail in 2009.

Q. Since you started working at Mallinckrodt in 2014, have -- has anyone at Mallinckrodt talked to you about Mallinckrodt's distribution of generic oxycodone in Florida in this time frame?

Q. So in your work in government affairs and advocacy, Mallinckrodt's distribution of oxy 30 and 15 into the state of Florida between 2008 and 2011 hasn't ever come up?

Q. You're aware that Mallinckrodt signed a settlement agreement with the DEA?

Q. Was that a surprise to you, when that happened in 2017?

Q. Government affairs and advocacy doesn't have any say or anything to do with diversion-related settlements with the DEA?

Q. But they didn't talk to you about what the DEA's allegations were about?

Q. So since you started at Mallinckrodt in 2014, you explained you've been impressed by the commitment to address the diversion issue, but no one within the company has ever talked to you about Mallinckrodt's conduct for which it was the subject of a DEA investigation related to diversion?

Q. But how do you address a problem without really knowing what the problem was?

Q. Your job at CARES Alliance -- with CARES Alliance and with global -- government affairs and advocacy is to put out the messaging about how Mallinckrodt is being a good corporate citizen, doing its job?

Q. But you don't ever have internal conversations about a time when Mallinckrodt was alleged to not have done its job?

Q. This is a copy of the settlement agreement with the DEA. It's a publicly available document. Have you seen it before?

Q. Okay. It's a long document. I just have a question about text on the first page.

Q. So I don't think you need to read the rest of it, but take your time.

Q. So just in the Background section, the numbered headings, Number 2 says: From January 1st, 2008, through September 30th, 2011, there was an epidemic increase in diversion of the controlled substance oxycodone, largely out of the state of Florida. Number 3: The United States alleges that Mallinckrodt, a manufacturer and distributor of oxycodone, knew about the diversion and sold excessive amounts of the most highly abused forms of oxycodone, 30 milligram and 50 milligrams tablets, placing them into a stream of commerce that would result in diversion. So these are just the background allegations, but this is a time period when you were living in Florida, you were aware of the existence of the epidemic in Florida, correct?

Q. Are you aware of the quantity of oxycodone that Mallinckrodt shipped into Florida during that time?

Q. Do you think that it would be important to understand the extent of what happened in that time frame to address the problem going forward?

Q. Okay.

Q. This is a document you are familiar with. It's your résumé.

Q. I just have some -- oh, I'm sorry -- questions about -- so talking about that same time period in Florida, you were with CMJ Consulting. Is that your company?

Q. Okay. The third bullet in bold, Pain Program Accreditation Director, American Academy of Pain Management, coordinated review and revitalization of National Pain Clinic Accreditation Program, can you explain that to me?

Q. Okay. Did that have anything to do with the issue of pain clinics sometimes being involved in diversion as you mentioned earlier?

Q. Opioids?

Q. Got it. Okay. And after that you worked for Endo for a few years?

Q. Can you explain the work that you did at Endo?

Q. Okay. Could you explain a little bit more about what that involved, the healthcare professional side, the scientific discussions with key opinion leaders?

Q. Okay. So what's involved in ensuring that the speakers and the field sales team had all the information they needed so that they were providing accurate information?

Q. So the slides that the speakers would use would come from the medical affairs department in Endo?

Q. But would contain some scientific information?

Q. And where did that science and data come from?

Q. Okay. But through the speaker decks, Endo would communicate the body of science that was out there to the speakers, who would then go speak to healthcare professionals?

Q. So this is an e-mail from 2012, the subject SPPAC, the State Pain Policy Action Coalition, and I see in the e-mail that you've written the coalition was founded by -- there's a set of other acronyms, but can you just explain what SPPAC is?

Q. So as part of your work at Endo, did you work with those three organizations as well as the SPPAC?

Q. Okay. The attached document to your e-mail is the Phase 1 Outcomes and Description of the Restructured Model?

Q. Do you know what that refers to, Phase 1?

Q. Okay. Yeah. At the bottom, it says "during Phase 1," and there's a few bullet points, and one of them is "coordinated actions in several states, including in Ohio, alerts and written and direct testimony that resulted in improvements in medical board rules for pain clinics. Local advocates are now represented on a key committee." Do you remember what any of that would have been about, the medical board rules for pain clinics?

Q. And the next bullet point about Tennessee: "Written and direct testimony and multiple other communications related to medical board rules for pain clinics." In italics, "This resulted in substantial revisions to the rules creating a less stringent regulatory environment for pain management clinics." Why would that be a goal of the SPPAC?

Q. Do you see a requirement of an in-office urinalysis as an undue burden?

Q. Is a urinalysis for every patient one of the, quote, tools of CARES Alliance recommended for safe opioid prescribing?

Q. But is that something that CARES Alliance recommends that doctors do as part of what is presented as safe opioid prescribing?

Q. But you just gave that as an example of a highly restrictive measure proposed in Florida.

Q. Do you think having a less stringent regulatory environment for pain management clinics is a good idea?

Q. And what do you think of as appropriate pain management?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Would it be treatment that is effective for

Q. Is it possible to fully look at both sides if there is no data on the benefits?

Q. In your work at the medical affairs department at Endo, were you trying to influence clinicians' decisions?

Q. Going back to your résumé, you worked at Purdue Pharma from 2003 to 2005, correct?

Q. Can you describe for me what you did there?

Q. What were the sort of issues related to pain medicine across the country that you were working on at that time?

Q. So this is an e-mail from 2003 from you to Pamela Bennett?

Q. Got it. So this is a list of PA needs state by state, according to your e-mail. Can you explain what that means? No, wait. I'm sorry. I do not have a list of PA needs state by state. What is this list that is attached? I'll just ask you that.

Q. Was the northeast territory your territory?

Q. So just generally under most of the states there's meetings with groups, pain initiatives, and then also meetings with individual clinicians. So what would those meetings with individual clinicians entail, just generally?

Q. What sort of things in 2003 were you doing to address abuse and diversion?

Q. Okay. And what does it mean when it says "have mobilized on two issues or no issue mobilization"? What is the --

Q. Okay. As part of your advocacy work, did Purdue Pharma ever retain agencies to assist with that work? You said it was just you and Pamela Bennett at the time?

Q. Did Purdue Pharma retain other agencies to do this work with you?

Q. Do you remember an agency named Edward Howard & Co.?

Q. How did your group select the KOLs that you would work with at this time?

Q. What was the name of -- you said medical advocacy, or you said government affairs at Purdue?

Q. I'm getting the employer's names for the advocacy groups mixed up.

Q. Okay.

Q. All set?

Q. Okay. So in the middle of the page, your e-mail from October 2003 states that you attended the Ohio Compassionate Care Task Force last Friday. What was your role with respect to the Ohio Compassionate Care Task Force?

Q. What did that involve?

Q. Okay. What was your motivation for being a person in the audience?

Q. Did Purdue Pharma provide funding to the Ohio Compassionate Care Task force?

Q. Your e-mail continues to note that there will be another meeting forum with Greg Jewel from the Board of Workers' Comp. Did you ever interact with Greg Jewel?

Q. Okay. What sort of contact with the Ohio Board of Workers' Comp did you have?

Q. Okay. And did you ever interact with Dr. Barbara Edwards from Medicaid mentioned in your e-mail?

Q. Okay. Did you do any work while you were at Purdue Pharma related to state coverage or reimbursement for opioids in Ohio?

Q. And did you do any work related to third party payer reimbursements?

Q. Okay. So similar question then. Would you -- did you ever meet with any Ohio insurers about coverage for formulary status?

Q. Managed care. Okay, I think we're done with that one.

Q. All set? Okay. So this is a 2003 e-mail to you, and it mentions the company I asked about, Edward Howard & Company. Does this e-mail refresh your recollection about that company?

Q. Okay. From the text in this e-mail, it looks like Purdue has retained Edward Howard & Company to identify and screen potential KOLs. Is that your understanding of this?

Q. Okay. Yeah, it says: This individual is recommended to us by Edward Howard & Company, the agency retained in Ohio on behalf of Purdue Pharma.

Q. Sure. It looks from this e-mail that Purdue Pharma retained this agency to help identify those experts.

Q. Okay. Please tell me what you would have gotten from it. I mean, it's an e-mail to you in your employment --

Q. -- in 2003, which I realize is a long time ago, but I'm trying to understand it, so I would appreciate hearing your understanding of it

Q. Okay. Do you know anything about the doctor whose name is listed below that paragraph, Eric Chevlin?

Q. Okay. Starting in the middle of the first page, it's an e-mail from you in February 2004 to -- Pamela Bennett, you mentioned, is your -- was your boss at this time, correct?

Q. Okay. And Dr. Ruth Plant, who is she?

Q. Oh, there we go. Okay. And the people on the CC line, who are they?

Q. Okay. And I know a lot of these questions are reaching memory-wise, but your e-mail describes

Q. Okay. At the beginning of your e-mail: Joan, these advocates have been vetted. What does that mean?

Q. Okay. And what does it mean for someone to become an advocate the way it's used here?

Q. Right. Okay. You said: I'm forwarding the complete addresses for IMT. Do you remember what IMT is?

Q. So your e-mail says: Yesterday we met with clinicians in the Dayton area. While I was able to talk about advocacy and present the advocacy tool kit, Deanna was able to answer the clinical questions that arose, as well as provide invaluable resources for their professional practice, as well as for their roles as educators. And Deanna, you explained, was one of the medical science liaisons?

Q. So in what you've described, a manufacturer, Purdue, is disseminating scientific information within the clinical practice to a healthcare provider; is that correct?

Q. What sort of things would be in the advocacy tool kit that you presented?

Q. Aimed towards patients?

Q. And what sort of clinical questions would a medical science liaison be able to answer in a meeting like this?

Q. Would a medical science liaison be able to inform a clinician that the evidence indicates that opioids can be eliminated for the treatment of chronic low back pain and headaches?

Q. But if a medical science liaison did have all of the evidence to back up a statement like that, the medical science liaison could inform clinicians of the evidence?

Q. Was there ever a time in your work in advocacy for any of these companies when you would share panel publications with clinicians?

Q. But you might share links to significant panel guidelines or something like that?

Q. So in this e-mail you describe a few different clinicians and pharmacists. The first one, Dr. Joshua Cox, is a pharmacist who runs a pain management program at Good Samaritan. Do you recall Dr. Joshua Cox?

Q. It says that you suggested him as a panel member to Christina Thompson, coordinator for a CPI national meeting. Did you or others at Purdue correspond with Dr. Cox after this e-mail and after recommending him as a panel member to Christina Thompson?

Q. Okay. We're still looking at this e-mail description, the clinicians you met with in Ohio in 2004.

Q. What do you recall about Cathy Tram?

Q. And how about Dr. Thomas?

Q. So your e-mail description of the meeting with Dr. Thomas describes him as an addiction specialist and family practitioner, the only addictionologist in the area that speaks nationally on the topic. He uses a phrase that we really liked, quote, diversion of the well-intentioned script, end quote, to describe the majority of problems regarding abuse and diversion of prescription opiates. What did you like about that phrase?

Q. It says that Deanna presented the animation UTD slide set and addiction assessment. Do you remember any of those materials?

Q. Do you remember if they were given out broadly at meetings with clinicians in Ohio and elsewhere?

Q. Okay. Do you remember if as part of your advocacy in Ohio you did any work around the Ohio Intractable Pain Care Act?

Q. Do you remember if Purdue's advocacy included working toward the passage of Intractable Pain Care Acts at the state level?

Q. And your team within advocacy was just on state initiatives, right, not federal, just state-wide initiatives?

Q. Oh, you worked on both?

Q. Did Purdue play a role in the Ohio Pain Initiative?

Q. Okay. What did that participation in the meetings involve?

Q. This is another document from -- this one is from 2005.

Q. Okay. So this is an e-mail from March 2005 that you sent. At meeting notes. The subject is Ohio Advocacy Strategic State Plan Meeting Notes. And you list the people attending -- who were present at the meeting and those who were absent. Was this a group that met regularly, do you recall?

Q. You can see it looks like one of the people present at this meeting is from the agency Edward Howard & Co.?

Q. Okay. Does this refresh your recollection of what Edward Howard & Company was retained by Purdue to do?

Q. What was the goal of the Ohio Advocacy Strategic State Plan?

Q. Okay. The bottom heading, Alliance Development and Advocacy Update --

Q. -- there's multiple mentions of a survey?

Q. Do you recall working on a survey with these organizations at that time?

Q. So, again, on the back, Action Items, Number 3: Maryland will continue to assist the OHPCO and the OPI. And those acronyms, just for the record, appear to be the Ohio Hospice and Palliative Care Organization and the Ohio Pain Initiative, correct?

Q. Okay. Will continue to assess them with the development of the pain survey and develop a media plan for publicizing the results. And just going back, flipping back to this top of this e-mail, Marilyn was the person from the agency Edward Howard & Company; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Do you have any recollection of Purdue's role in assisting with this survey?

Q. Bullet Point Number 4: Catherine and Deanna will attend the OPI meeting and identify advocates in key areas. And then 5: Deanna and Catherine will work at identifying advocates in Cleveland. How would you go about identifying advocates?

Q. And what would you be looking for in advocates?

Q. So at the top there's a media update. Media Focus in 2004. It appears from this that one role that the agency Edward Howard & Company was to analyze media stories and provide this update to Purdue?

Q. Would that be fair to state, based on this e-mail?

Q. Okay. Quite a lot of stories about diversion and abuse in 2004. 813.

Q. Would you agree that it was -- the problem of diversion and abuse was already widespread in 2004?

Q. But at that point it was known and it was in the news that addiction and abuse was a problem in Ohio and elsewhere?

Q. Is that another named -- do you recall the name Gladstone McDowell?

Q. I know, it's a long time ago.

Q. No problem. Just going back through. Okay. Okay. That's good for that document.

Q. Okay. This is an e-mail and article that you forwarded in 2004. It looks like a local news story from West Virginia in 2004. Is that --

Q. Oh, I'm sorry.

Q. Okay. And your comment is: This article is interesting, especially in light that many people are claiming that methadone is a panacea for, quote, addicted patients. Why did you put the word "addicted" in quotes there?

Q. Okay. And you were explaining that experiencing withdrawal doesn't necessarily mean addiction, if I understood you correctly?

Q. Can you explain the difference between dependence and addiction?

Q. So just from reading about his withdrawal symptoms, you had some doubts about whether he would be considered addicted?

Q. Okay. Did you ever hear or become aware of the perception that if a drug is prescribed by a doctor and approved by the FDA it is not as dangerous as one on the street --

Q. -- such as heroin?

Q. At any point did you become aware of the perception that people might hold that when a drug is prescribed by a doctor or approved by the FDA it's not as dangerous as a drug that is sold outside of that arena --

Q. -- such as heroin?

Q. Thinking that it -- it's safer just because it's sold within a legal medical sphere?

Q. Is it your understanding that if you were to equate the strengths, that heroin and pure oxycodone would be equally addictive?

Q. Okay. Based on the clinical knowledge that you do have, do you have any reason to expect that they would be different --

Q. -- with respect to addiction rates?

Q. Heroin is an opioid, correct?

Q. So what does it being Schedule I versus Schedule II have to do with the rate of -- the risk of addiction, potential addiction?

Q. But is there any difference in terms of the molecular composition and binding to receptors in the human brain for which you would expect heroin and oxycodone or oxymorphone to have different addiction rates?

Q. Right. But heroin -- is it correct that a heroin is a semisynthetic derivative of an opium alkaloid just the same as oxycodone is a semisynthetic derivative of an opioid alkaloid?

Q. They both are derived from the same plant?

Q. Would you ever take heroin every day for low back pain?

Q. But when heroin was a prescription drug, if it had been prescribed to you for low pain, you might have taken it then?

Q. Okay. Going back to earlier in the day, I believe you said that Art Morelli was one of the people who started CARES Alliance; is that correct?

Q. And there was one other person working with him that started it?

Q. That's right. Okay. Did you overlap with Art Morelli at all at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And does CARES Alliance still exist at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Why does it no longer exist?

Q. Okay. And what was the Alliance for Balanced Pain Management?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. So this is an e-mail from 2014, in September. Gena Holthaus, is that --

Q. Okay -- has sent you a PowerPoint. It says: Let me know what you think. The CARES Alliance Redesign Overview. So on the second slide: Where have we been? Market landscape in 2010. Prescription drug abuse on the rise, increasing societal burden, and also the launch of Exalgo at the same time. This is the time frame we were talking about earlier in the day, when CARES Alliance was started at Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. And then the next slide: Where are we now in 2014? Prescription drug abuse at epidemic levels. Stigma with opioid prescribing and opioid use. Classified ER/LA REMS. Then and under CARES Alliance: Turnover in staff and loss of internal support. And this was in September, and you started in April 2014?

Q. So can you explain what the turnover in staff and loss of internal support was with respect to CARES Alliance?

Q. Who were the four people who left the CARES Alliance?

Q. Okay. What department were they in?

Q. And how about the loss of internal support, what does that refer to?

Q. Okay. And then the bullet point, conflicting messages from government affairs advocacy, what were those conflicting messages?

Q. Okay. So when you and Gena moved over to government affairs advocacy, was there still a medical advocacy group?

Q. Okay. So going off of these slides, it looks like the new vision for the CARES Alliance is something called the Responsible Pain Care Campaign?

Q. Can you tell me about that?

Q. You mentioned addressing areas related more to acute pain, rather than chronic pain. Can you explain the difference from the medical point of view based on your medical knowledge and experience?

Q. So some similar issues, but broadened to acute pain specific --

Q. -- situations?

Q. You stated that the risk factors stay the same because many people who have gotten into trouble with addiction, many have gotten from acute pain.

Q. How did you know that -- do you know that, or how did you become aware of that?

Q. What kind of stories that you've read?

Q. Let's see. When people have these medications for acute pain, and maybe they have more pills prescribed than they need, but we're still talking about maybe 30 pills, maybe 60 pills?

Q. You said a lot of people are getting into trouble with addiction from these acute pain prescriptions. So is it possible to get into trouble with addiction from a prescription of 30 pills?

Q. You had described earlier the difference between dependence and addiction and a description of a person's withdrawal symptoms in a news article not necessarily indicating addiction to you.

Q. Is that what you described earlier?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Okay. And then in the context of acute pain and these short-term prescriptions, I know you said

Q. Is it possible for someone who doesn't have any of those risk factors to become addicted from taking opioids as prescribed?

Q. But in terms of developing dependence, you said that it's taking it around the clock that really leads to dependence; is that correct?

Q. In your understanding, it's easy to taper off opioids?

Q. Okay. But if you slow down the taking, you have no problem at all?

Q. How much might you need to slow it down?
