Witness:  Cathy Stewart
Attorney: MR. Gotto
Source:   MNKOI0004557815
============================================================

Q. Good morning, Ms. Stewart. How are you this morning?

Q. Okay. We have not met before today, correct?

Q. And as you heard when we made appearances and we met briefly before we went on the record, my name is Gary Gotto. I'm with the law firm Keller Rohrback. We're one of the firms representing plaintiffs in the national opiate litigation. Just a few preliminary matters. Have you ever given a deposition previously?

Q. Okay. Have you ever testified under oath in court?

Q. Okay. So -- and I'm sure your counsel has previously given you background on this, but just to be sure we're all on the same page, the court reporter will be taking down a transcript of your testimony here today.

Q. As you know, it's under oath. You just took the oath, obviously.

Q. We're also taking video of the proceedings. If any of my questions are in any way unclear to you, please let me know and I'll do my best to clarify them. If you answer a question without asking for clarification, I'll assume the question was clear to you. Is that fair?

Q. Okay. Please answer verbally, yes or no, as compared to nods or shakes of the head, et cetera, so that the court reporter -- so that your response is accurately reflected in the court reporter's transcript. Okay?

Q. We'll take breaks periodically, but anytime you need a break, please let me know. If there's not a question pending, you know, happy to take a break at any point that you need it. Okay?

Q. Great. Would you please state your name and your business address, please?

Q. Okay. When did you retire?

Q. Okay. What is your home address? *Redacted - EPI

Q. Okay. And when you retired what was your last employment before you retired?

Q. Well, by whom were you employed last --

Q. -- when you retired?

Q. Great. And when did you first become employed by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Let's start with just a brief bit of your background.

Q. Could you describe briefly your post-high school education?

Q. Okay. And so with the police department, generally describe what your responsibilities were.

Q. Okay. And why did you leave that position to join Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And when did you join Mallinckrodt?

Q. You indicated you attended college intermittently. Did you ever obtain a degree?

Q. Okay. Do you have any sort of professional certification or license?

Q. Okay. And apart from that certification, do you hold any professional licenses?

Q. Have you at any time?

Q. Okay. When you -- can you describe for me generally the positions that you held at Mallinckrodt over the years?

Q. Great. Thanks very much. I'd like to focus on the time periods and the positions you held that pertain to any aspect of Mallinckrodt's narcotics business.

Q. I take it that would include the period you were involved in customer service.

Q. Okay. Apart from that period when you were involved in customer service, for example, when you were involved in the planning for marketing and production of materials, did that involve the narcotics business at all?

Q. Okay. Now, transport and warehousing, I think you said that was non-narcotics, right?

Q. Okay. And that extended to narcotics?

Q. Okay. Is it fair -- I -- that to -- I assume that you were -- when you were involved in either the hazardous waste disposal or remediation aspects of the business you described, that did not involve narcotics?

Q. Okay. And how about the last area of responsibility you described where you said you went back to transport and warehousing; did that involve narcotics?

Q. Okay. All right. So please tell me what the time frames were -- let's start with your -- the planning function that you described. To the extent it had any any aspect of that function involved the narcotics business, when did that -- when did you first have those responsibilities?

Q. And tell me, during that time period, to the extent your responsibilities extended to the narcotics business, what were your functions?

Q. And to whom did you report in that in that position?

Q. And who, if anyone, reported to you when you were in that position?

Q. And what was your title during this period?

Q. And to perform your duties as planning manager, insofar as they pertained to the narcotics business, was it necessary for you to be familiar with any DEA regulations or requirements?

Q. And how did you become familiar with those regulations and requirements?

Q. And can you recall the names of any of the individuals who were part of that DEA compliance group?

Q. Who --

Q. Okay. So prior to the time that your job responsibilities involved extended to any aspect of the narcotics business, did you have any personal familiarity or understanding of DEA regulations and requirements?

Q. Okay. But insofar as DEA regulations and requirements apply to Mallinckrodt's business --

Q. -- prior to the time you were involved in the planning function, you didn't have any familiarity --

Q. -- with those requirements, right? Okay. So --

Q. So and I understand you had a copy of the Code of Federal Regulations. So when you first had responsibilities in connection with your planning function that required you to have some familiarity with DEA regulations and requirements, was there any sort of training program you went through that covered those requirements?

Q. Okay. And obviously may have been many aspects of Mallinckrodt's business that implicated various federal regulations --

Q. -- so I just want to focus here on DEA regulations for the moment.

Q. Did I understand you correctly, you don't specifically remember training on DEA regulations as such?

Q. Okay. So is it fair to say you don't have a specific recollection of training with respect to DEA regulations or requirements as they pertain to Mallinckrodt's narcotics business?

Q. But you think it did extend to DEA regulations pertaining to the narcotics business?

Q. Okay. Do you recall who conducted that training?

Q. Okay. Was the training conducted in a classroom setting?

Q. Okay. And do you recall if understanding you perhaps don't recall specific individuals who conducted the training, do you recall if they were Mallinckrodt employees as compared to, say, outside --

Q. -- personnel?

Q. Okay. And again focusing on training that pertained to DEA regulation or requirements, do you recall the frequency of any such training programs that you attended?

Q. And do you recall if there were any handouts or other materials you received as part of those -- any of those training programs?

Q. Did you maintain personally any sort of file or compilation of materials that pertained to DEA regulations or requirements for Mallinckrodt's narcotics business?

Q. Now, I think you indicated that there was a compliance group headed by Ms. Harper, correct?

Q. And did that group perform or conduct any of the training sessions that you can recall?

Q. Okay. Do you recall any of those specifically?

Q. Okay. So when -- when you were performing the planning function that you described, can you recall to any extent any specific DEA regulations or requirements that -- that you needed to be particularly mindful of in order to do your job?

Q. And what can you recall?

Q. Okay. So and I think you perhaps have alluded to the answer to this question, but how did you become aware of what the quota was at any given time?

Q. Okay. And approximately how many different molecules can you recall there being quotas on during this period?

Q. Do you recall any specific examples of the molecules that there was quota on?

Q. Okay. So again, focusing on your planning function, tell me the specifics of what your responsibilities were in that function as it pertained to narcotics business.

Q. Did your planning responsibilities extend to procurement?

Q. And so how did you perform those functions?

Q. Okay. And the planning function that you've been describing, I think you indicated you -- you started in that -- in that position in approximately 2006?

Q. Do you recall the reason you moved to that function from your prior responsibilities at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And we've been using the term "Mallinckrodt" describing your various positions you held over the years. Did you ever work for any specific subsidiary of Mallinckrodt, or did that ever change over time?

Q. Okay. But in terms of any subsidiary of -- whether it's Covidien or Mallinckrodt --

Q. -- it was all the same to you?

Q. Okay. Well, let me circle back to a few preliminary things I should have touched on before we get into any of the substantive things. Could you describe for me and I don't want you to divulge any communications you had with counsel, but could you describe for me what you did to prepare for today's deposition?

Q. Have you reviewed the transcripts of any -- any testimony given by any other witness?

Q. Have you spoken with any person who has testified as a witness in this litigation?

Q. Apart from counsel, have you spoken with anyone regarding any testimony you anticipate giving?

Q. With respect to the documents that you reviewed, did any of them refresh your recollection?

Q. And in what regards can you recall them refreshing your recollection?

Q. Okay. And what were those incidents?

Q. Okay. Okay. And are you taking any medications that might affect your ability to testify accurately today?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. Okay. Let's go back to the 2006, 2008 period when you were involved in the planning function you've been describing. And I understand that you reported to Mr. Pheney, and I understand that you had interaction with the compliance group that Ms. Harper held --

Q. -- headed up.

Q. And I take it from your testimony you also had interaction with the marketing group in terms of their forecasts?

Q. So who was in the marketing group that you interacted with?

Q. Okay. And you prefaced that answer by saying when you had the dosage side of the business.

Q. Tell me what the dosage side of the business is.

Q. Okay. And what was the time period when you had the dosage side of the business?

Q. Okay. And was this during the period when you had the planning function responsibilities?

Q. Okay. Let's focus first on the time when you had the planning function.

Q. And in that function you interacted with the marketing group?

Q. So who, if anyone, can you recall interacting with while you had -- while you were in the planning capacity?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. Fair enough. And you may find over the course of the day that something you're not remembering at this moment may come to you later on.

Q. If it does, feel free to let me know --

Q. -- later on. So I just want to pin down with as much specificity as we can the time periods when you were in different roles at Mallinckrodt.

Q. And I think you testified early on that you were in the planning -- you had the planning function first at the plant level and then at the corporate level, correct?

Q. So tell me, if you can, as best you can, the specific time periods when you had the planning function at the plant level and then when you moved to the corporate level.

Q. Okay. In terms of your moving into the planning function at any level, is 2006 the approximate start time for that?

Q. Okay. And when did you move into the corp -- I'm sorry, the customer service role?

Q. Okay. When you moved into the customer service role, did your planning responsibilities shift to someone else?

Q. And do you know who they shifted to?

Q. Okay. What was the reason for you moving from the planning function to the customer service function?

Q. Okay. Did you view that as a promotion?

Q. Okay. And the customer service position, for how long did you hold that position?

Q. So approximately 2008 to 2011?

Q. And after 2011 -- well, after the customer service function, you moved back to transport and warehouse function, correct?

Q. And that's where you stayed until your retirement?

Q. Okay. And that function did not involve the narcotics business, correct?

Q. Okay. Can you give me an approximation of your annual compensation during the period 2006 to 2011?

Q. And did that consist of a salary and a bonus?

Q. And approximately what percent of the total was the bonus?

Q. Okay. Was the bonus based on any specific attainment of objectives or any other sort of objective measure?

Q. Okay. And is that true when you were in the planning function, or is that just for the customer service function?

Q. Okay. Was it a different group when you were in the planning function versus the customer service function?

Q. Okay. Can you describe generally when you were in the planning function what those objectives were?

Q. How about when you were in the customer service role?

Q. So let's focus now on your period of time in customer service, and describe for me generally what your responsibilities were in that function.

Q. Okay. And the -- were your responsibilities limited to the dosage side of the business?

Q. Were there times when you had customer service responsibilities that extended beyond the dosage side of the business?

Q. And approximately when?

Q. So approximately 2010?

Q. And tell me what you mean by API.

Q. Okay. Is that the active pharmaceutical ingredient?

Q. When you moved into API, did you continue to have responsibility for dosage?

Q. Okay. So those are -- are those two sort of mutually exclusive categories?

Q. Okay. So it sounds like you were -- you had customer service responsibility for dosage approximately 2008 to 2010, and then for API approximately 2010, 2011?

Q. Okay. All right. And when you moved from dosage to API customer service responsibility, did you view that as a promotion?

Q. Okay. And what was the reason for making that move?

Q. Okay. When you moved into the customer service position in approximately 2008, who was your predecessor in that position with respect to dosage?

Q. Is that a man or a woman?

Q. Okay. And so did Mr. Welch -- do you know why he moved out of that position?

Q. Okay. When you moved into the customer service position, was there any training you went through to prepare yourself for those responsibilities?

Q. Okay. And so no formal classroom training; more on-the-job training type thing?

Q. Okay. And did you talk to Mr. Welch at all in the transition to get any guidance from him?

Q. What can you recall in that regard?

Q. Okay. Were there aspects of DEA regulation or requirements that you needed to be familiar with to perform your customer service responsibilities that were different from DEA requirements and regulation that you needed to be familiar with to perform your planning function?

Q. And what are the differences you can recall?

Q. Okay. And the quota was Mallinckrodt's quota, right?

Q. Okay. And so tell me what a 222 form is.

Q. Okay. So did a customer provide a 222 form for each order?

Q. Okay. And --

Q. Okay. Give me an example of how that would work.

Q. So the 222 form, just trying to understand, would it -- would it be with reference to a specific dosage product or would it be with reference to some quantity of the API?

Q. Okay. And so, for example let's talk first about a bulk order and how a 222 form would work.

Q. Would the 222 form be specific to a particular API and identify a quantity of that that could be ordered?

Q. Okay. And as long as the amount ordered for each of those products was not greater than the amount set forth on the 222 form, that order could be fulfilled?

Q. Okay. Now, let's talk about a 222 form in a dosage order.

Q. What format would that take? Would it, for example, identify specific -- say a 15-milligram tablet or 100-tablet bottle of a 15-milligram product?

Q. Okay. And typically well, I shouldn't say -- strike that. Were there occasions when the -- when the -- let's focus on dosage here for a moment -- when the 222 form would extend to a greater quantity of product than was being ordered?

Q. Sure. Were there occasions when the 222 form extended to a greater quantity of product than the customer was placing an order for?

Q. Okay. So best you can recall, the 222 form would apply to exactly the number of product that the customer was ordering?

Q. Okay. So again focusing on dosage, did customers place orders on a monthly basis?

Q. Okay. And is it the case that each order needed to be accompanied with -- by a 222 form?

Q. And the 222 form was issued by the DEA; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And so let's say a customer who was ordering monthly, on a monthly cycle.

Q. Would that customer have gone to the DEA then on a monthly basis to get a 222 form to support its order that it was going to place?

Q. Okay. So the 222 form that Mallinckrodt received from its customer let's take the example of a customer who got -- let's say got ten 222 forms from the DEA at a given time. Would that customer then take one of those 222 forms and fill it out to reflect the order it was placing with Mallinckrodt at a given time?

Q. Okay. But once they confirmed that you did have the quantity available to ship --

Q. -- the customer would then complete the 222 form and provide it to you?

Q. Okay. Did that same general procedure apply in the bulk side of the business?

Q. So Mr. Welch preceded you in the customer service role for dosage?

Q. When you transitioned over to bulk in approximately 2010, do you know who succeeded you in the dosage side customer service role?

Q. And had you worked with Ms. Rohling?

Q. Was she one of the people who reported to you?

Q. Okay. What had been her role, if you know, prior to taking over the customer service for dosage?

Q. Okay. And when the transition occurred from you to Ms. Rohling, did you take any steps to train her or prepare her for the job?

Q. Okay. When you moved over to the bulk side of the business in 2010, approximately 2010, who was your predecessor in that position?

Q. Okay. And when you transitioned out of that position in approximately 2011, who succeeded you in that position?

Q. Okay. So just so we have the sequence in dosage, it had been Mr. Welch.

Q. You succeeded him. You don't recall who succeeded you?

Q. Okay. And in bulk, it had been Mr. Rausch. You succeeded him, and then Ms. Rohling succeeded you?

Q. Okay. Great. When you moved into bulk and took over for Mr. Rausch, do you know what position he moved into?

Q. Okay. Had you worked with him in any -- prior to moving into the bulk customer service position, had you worked with Mr. Rausch?

Q. And what --

Q. Okay. And what role did he play at that time when you interfaced with him?

Q. Okay. But was he in the customer service role at that point?

Q. And were his responsibilities for the bulk side of the business at that time?

Q. Ms. Stewart, before the break you indicated that Ms. Harper headed up the DEA compliance group, correct?

Q. And was that during the entire period that you had the customer service function?

Q. You interacted with Ms. Harper fairly regularly; is that fair?

Q. Okay. Did you have any views as to her effectiveness in functioning as the head of the DEA compliance group?

Q. Did she appear to be knowledgeable with respect to applicable DEA requirements?

Q. And was she responsive to questions you would pose to her?

Q. I think you also indicated that you interacted with Mr. Adams from time to time on behalf of -- where he was acting on behalf of the marketing group or as part of the marketing group, right?

Q. Do you recall what specific role he had in the marketing group?

Q. Okay. And did you form any view with respect to Mr. Adams' effectiveness in performing his job?

Q. Did anyone ever come to you with any -- and express any criticisms or concerns with respect to Mr. Adams?

Q. Now, you mentioned you succeeded Mr. Rausch with respect to the bulk customer service business in approximately 2010, correct?

Q. At some point?

Q. And Mr. Rausch is someone that you had interacted with periodically, correct?

Q. Did you have occasion to form any opinion with respect to Mr. Rausch's effectiveness in performing his job at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Was he -- did he appear to you to be knowledgeable with respect to applicable DEA requirements and regulations?

Q. Okay. Was he responsive to any questions you might pose to him from time to time?

Q. You also indicated that you interacted with Mr. Borelli from time to time on behalf of the marketing group, correct?

Q. And do you recall what specific function Mr. Borelli had?

Q. Okay. Did you have occasion to form any opinion with respect to his effectiveness in performing his job at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did anyone ever come to you and express any concern or criticism of any aspect of Mr. Borelli's job performance?

Q. What can you recall in that regard?

Q. Okay. And so you can recall more than one occasion that someone expressed that sort of concern to you about Mr. Borelli?

Q. Do you recall anyone expressing any concern to you with respect to Mr. Borelli's communications with customers?

Q. Okay. I'd like to circle back to the period when -- when you had the customer service responsibility for the dosage side of the business.

Q. And if I understood your testimony correctly before the break, one of your responsibilities during that period was to verify that each order was supported by a proper 222 form, correct?

Q. And is that a determination that you personally made?

Q. And so who -- physically who was the person who input that into Mallinckrodt's system, that 222 order number?

Q. Okay. And those are -- when you say "customer service reps," those are the six people --

Q. -- you supervised?

Q. Okay. So in terms of actually physically reviewing the 222 form and entering it into the system, that's something that one of your six supervised CSRs did, correct?

Q. Okay. And was there any process in place to review their work in that regard?

Q. And who would perform that function?

Q. Okay. When it was the customer service rep who did this next-day validation, was it the same person who input the order into the system in the first place?

Q. Okay. It could be, but not always?

Q. Okay. And again focusing on the period during which you had the customer service function for the dosage side of the business, apart from confirming that there was a proper 222 form for an order, was there any other review that the customer service department performed of any order to confirm compliance with any DEA regulation or requirement?

Q. Now, during the period when you had the customer service function for the bulk side of the business, for the API -- are those synonymous, bulk and API?

Q. Okay. So during that period when you had the bulk side of the business, again, part of the function was to confirm that there was a proper 222 form for every order, correct?

Q. And was it a similar process in terms of who actually input the 222 form into the system?

Q. And was it the same group of customer service reps who you were supervising when you moved over to the bulk side?

Q. Okay. And do you recall approximately how many customer service reps you supervised when you were on the bulk side?

Q. Okay. But they were different people than had been in dosage?

Q. Okay. But the -- but it was a similar process in terms of one of them would input the 222 form when the order was put in the system?

Q. Okay. And the international 222, is that a DEA form?

Q. So were there no international orders on the dosage side of the business?

Q. Okay. Again, focusing on the bulk side, was there the -- a similar next-day validation process similar to the one you described for the dosage business?

Q. Was there any sort of validation process?

Q. What was it?

Q. Okay. So for a bulk customer, was there a quota review separate from the 222 form review?

Q. Okay. So you didn't engage in any other well, strike that. For a bulk purchaser strike that. Let me step back. You had indicated earlier Mallinckrodt, as a manufacturer, had a DEA quota, both with respect to procurement --

Q. -- of raw material and production of finished product, correct?

Q. Okay. And so would Mallinckrodt's bulk customers have similarly had DEA quota with respect to their procurement and production?

Q. Okay. And so when Mallinckrodt was filling an order, a bulk order, for a customer, apart from the 222 form review process we've discussed, was there any other process in place to verify that the order was within that customer's quota?

Q. Okay. Did Mallinckrodt get any sort of confirmation or representation from the customer that the order was within that customer's DEA quota?

Q. Looking back at -- looking at Mallinckrodt as a procurer of raw material for its own manufacturing, were you ever involved in -- did you ever have a job at Mallinckrodt that involved responsibility that touched on that process?

Q. Okay. So do you have any familiarity with what sort of information or documentation Mallinckrodt provided to its sources when it procured raw material?

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with the term "diversion" as it applies to narcotics?

Q. And what do you understand that term to mean?

Q. Okay. And let's focus first on the dosage side of Mallinckrodt's business.

Q. Can you describe for me generally who the customers of Mallinckrodt were for the dosage products?

Q. Okay. Were there any single-location pharmacies that were customer -- direct customers of Mallinckrodt for dosage product?

Q. Retail?

Q. All right. And when you use the term "distributor," what do you mean by that?

Q. Okay. Did you have an understanding as to whether Walmart sold to other pharmacies, or did they buy from Mallinckrodt for the purpose of distributing to their own pharmacies and then sell at retail?

Q. Okay. How about -- let's say McKesson. McKesson was a distributor, correct?

Q. Did you have an understanding of McKesson's distribution business as it pertained to narcotics it was acquiring from Mallinckrodt?

Q. When I asked you about diversion a little earlier, you indicated your understanding was diversion was some -- was something that would result in the narcotic going other than to its intended customer from Mallinckrodt's standpoint, correct?

Q. And would that extend to diversion at a step removed from Mallinckrodt's chain -- place in the distribution chain? So, for example, if McKesson were to acquire from Mallinckrodt, and then if McKesson's customer permitted the product to fall into the wrong hands, would you include that in your definition of diversion?

Q. So did you understand during the time you had customer service responsibility at Mallinckrodt or during the time you had planning responsibility that extended to the narcotic products that Mallinckrodt had any responsibility to prevent diversion?

Q. And what did you understand that responsibility to be?

Q. And what was the source of your understanding of Mallinckrodt's responsibility in that regard?

Q. And was that based on your own review of DEA regulations or was it based on something you learned in either a training program or otherwise from someone else at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. To the extent it's something that you learned in a training program or from someone else at Mallinckrodt, do you recall the source of that information?

Q. And was it your understanding that as long as the product was received by Mallinckrodt's intended customer, that Mallinckrodt had no further responsibility with respect to diversion of that product?

Q. And what was the basis for that understanding?

Q. Okay. And in terms of that understanding, is that something that was communicated to you by anyone else at Mallinckrodt?

Q. When you say "carriers," you mean Federal Express

Q. Okay. Was the prevention of diversion something that you viewed as an important part of your job responsibility?

Q. And why did you view it as important?

Q. And did you also understand or did you -- did you have a view as to the potential for any harm that could result from diversion of the narcotic products?

Q. And what was that?

Q. So you had an appreciation for the potential for abuse of these products?

Q. So focusing on the dosage business, tell me the steps that were taken by the customer service department during the period you had responsibility for dosage to prevent diversion.

Q. Okay. So am I understanding your answer that it was the entry of the 222 form, that was the action taken by the customer service department to prevent diversion?

Q. Okay. During the period when you had planning responsibilities that extended to narcotics, did you personally or did anyone under your supervision have any responsibility with respect to the avoidance or prevention of diversion?

Q. During the period when you had responsibility for the -- for API as customer service -- and I'm sorry, was your title customer service manager?

Q. Okay. So during that period when you were customer service manager for API, tell me the steps that the customer service department went through to prevent diversion.

Q. Okay. Focusing back on the dosage period of -- when you were customer service manager, do you recall any occasions when it came to your attention that any product may have been diverted?

Q. What can you recall in that regard?

Q. Okay. And how did you become aware of that?

Q. Okay. Any other occasions where you became aware of diversion?

Q. Okay. How about when you had responsibility for the API business as customer service manager, were there any occasions where you became aware of diversion?

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with the term "suspicious order monitoring"?

Q. What does that mean to you?

Q. And do you recall when DEA commenced that initiative?

Q. Do you recall if the commencement of that initiative was prior to the time that you became customer service manager?

Q. Do you recall being involved in any steps taken at Mallinckrodt to comply with that DEA initiative?

Q. And what can you recall in that regard?

Q. Who else can you remember being on that team?

Q. Do you recall when that team was first formed?

Q. Okay. And do you recall how long that team stayed in place?

Q. Did the team ultimately develop one or more algorithms to become part of the suspicious order monitoring process?

Q. And do you recall approximately when those algorithms were completed and implemented?

Q. And was there any sort of memorandum or report or other document prepared by the team to memorialize the output of its work?

Q. So the algorithms that were developed, where would they be housed?

Q. Sure. If I wanted to see them, where would I look for them?

Q. Okay. Did you personally maintain any files that reflected the work that the team performed?

Q. And what can you recall retaining in those files?

Q. Okay. Do you recall if the files that you personally maintained included the ultimate algorithms themselves that were developed?

Q. I asked a bad question. So do you -- did was your answer that you don't recall, or was your answer that your files did not include those materials?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. You mentioned a DEA conference that you and Ms. Harper attended in DC.

Q. Did you attend any other external conferences or other training sessions in connection with your work on the suspicious order monitoring team?

Q. Okay. Did you participate in any consultation with any outside service provider that you can recall with respect to the suspicious order monitoring team's work?

Q. And again, in connection with the suspicious order monitoring team, did you review any materials from any source that described steps taken by other manufacturers to comply with the DEA suspicious order monitoring initiative?

Q. Okay. The DEA conference that you can recall in DC, was it actually conducted by the DEA?

Q. Were one or more individuals from the DEA present to make presentations at that conference?

Q. Did you receive any materials from that conference?

Q. Okay. Or from anyone else at the conference?

Q. Okay. Do you recall -- well, let's talk for a moment about the team, the Mallinckrodt team, on the -- can we just call it the SOM for short?

Q. Okay. Did anyone else on the team report back to the team at any point with respect to any conference or other training that they had attended that provided information that was relevant to the team's activities?

Q. Okay. And did the team ever consult with any non-Mallinckrodt personnel?

Q. Did the team meet regularly?

Q. About how frequently?

Q. Okay. And were they lengthy meetings? Do you recall anything about the approximate duration?

Q. Okay. So meetings that were not extended, what would be their approximate duration?

Q. Okay. Was there any formalized process of keeping minutes or notes of the of the team's meetings?

Q. Okay. And did you keep -- retain those personal notes in your file?

Q. Okay. So as far as you know, your files at Mallinckrodt -- well, back up. When you retired from Mallinckrodt, did you take any of your files with you that you had maintained at work?

Q. And the files as you left them would have included whatever notes you personally took --

Q. -- from the team's meetings?

Q. Okay. And you believe in addition someone may have maintained some sort of formal notes or minutes of the team's --

Q. -- meetings? But you don't know who that is?

Q. Ms. Stewart, we've marked as Exhibit 1 to your deposition a series of two e-mails from April 1 of 2008 and bearing Bates numbers MNK-T1 0000268860. Can you take a look at those e-mails and --

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. So the bottom e-mail on the page from Mr. Ratliff -- first of all, who was Bill Ratliff, if you recall?

Q. Okay. So Mr. Ratliff, on April 1 of '08, sends an e-mail to yourself, Mr. Pheney, Mr. Rausch. And Mr. Pheney was your supervisor, correct?

Q. Do you know if he was also Mr. Rausch's supervisor?

Q. Okay. And copies Karen Harper. And in the e-mail -- he starts it with Jim, so it sounds like he was really, in his mind, anyway, directing this primarily to Mr. Rausch. He mentions Pete Kleissle, K-l-e-i-s-s-l-e, of the DEA diversion group, supervisor, in St. Louis. Do you know who Mr. Kleissle was?

Q. Have you ever had any personal interaction with him?

Q. And in what regards can you recall that?

Q. Okay. So during your time at Mallinckrodt, you didn't interact with Mr. Kleissle?

Q. Okay. Back to Mr. Ratliff's -- is it Ratliff or Ratliff?

Q. Thank you. Back to Mr. Ratliff's e-mail. He says that Mr. Kleissle just called regarding several letters he has received from you detailing suspicious orders. He advised that he needs more information in that if it is suspicious, why are we filling the order. "I explained that we use a calculation based upon an amount previously ordered." He stated, "If you think it's suspicious, don't fill it. I will go into more detail on Friday." He then goes on to say, "In addition, I advise that we have a conference call planned with Frank Sapienza, S-a-p-i-e-n-z-a, on Friday to strengthen our suspicious order identification system." Do you see that?

Q. So let me start: Do you know who Mr. Sapienza was?

Q. Okay. And do you recall ever participating on a conference call with him?

Q. Okay. Do you have any recollection with respect to receiving any report of the result of the conference call that Mr. Ratliff mentions in his April 1 e-mail?

Q. So you don't know if it happened or not?

Q. Now, in response to Mr. Ratliff, Mr. Rausch says, "Bill, okay, I think we just sent the monthly one out yesterday, so maybe that's the one he just got. We won't send out any more." Correct?

Q. And so do you know what Mr. Rausch is referring to there?

Q. Okay. And do you -- do you have an understanding as to how orders were identified for inclusion on that report?

Q. So these e-mails are dated April 1, 2008. And since Mr. Ratliff's initial e-mail is addressed to you and Mr. Rausch and Mr. Pheney, does that indicate to you that by this date you had -- you had taken on the customer service responsibility?

Q. Okay. So at this point you were the customer service manager for dosage; is that fair?

Q. Okay. And is it your understanding that Mr. Rausch was the customer service manager with respect to API at this point?

Q. Okay. So it appears that Mr. Rausch had a process to send monthly reports to DEA with respect to suspicious orders at this point, correct?

Q. Did you, as customer service manager for dosage, ever provide a monthly report to DEA?

Q. Did you ever provide any direct communication to DEA?

Q. Are you aware of any direct communications to DEA from someone at Mallinckrodt with respect to dosage specific -- dosage suspicious orders?

Q. And who was Ms. Spalding?

Q. Okay. And you have an understanding that Ms. Spalding at some point sent a communication of some sort direct to DEA?

Q. And what's that understanding based on?

Q. Do you recall with whom?

Q. Okay. Do you have any recollection as to the approximate time frame of that communication?

Q. Was it a single communication?

Q. Do you have any recollection with respect to any understanding that you had at any point regarding the substance of that communication?

Q. Apart from Ms. Spalding's communication direct with DEA, was there any other direct communication between Mallinckrodt and DEA with respect to dosage-suspicious orders during the period when you were customer service manager with responsibility for dosage?

Q. Okay. So when you say "not initially," was is there some subsequent communication --

Q. Okay. And do you know if Karen's group, in fact, reported any such orders to DEA?

Q. Do you know if -- well, when you said "we would refer an order to Karen's group," who is "we"?

Q. Okay. So can you recall referring one or more orders to Karen's group --

Q. -- at any time? And what's the approximate number that you can recall referring?

Q. Okay. Did any -- do you recall any specifics with respect to any of them?

Q. Okay. So focusing back on Mr. Ratliff's April 1, '08 e-mail in Exhibit 1, he states, "I explained that we use a calculation based upon an amount previously ordered." Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what he's referring to there?

Q. So during the period when you were customer service manager with responsibility for dosage, do you recall at any point during that period using a calculation based upon amounts previously ordered to determine whether an order may be suspicious?

Q. Okay. So when you say "the suspicious order monitoring team used a calculation," do you mean that was included in the algorithms that the suspicious order monitoring team ultimately produced?

Q. Okay. And do you recall any specifics of that calculation?

Q. And what is that knowledge?

Q. Okay. So included among the SOM team's recommended algorithms was a comparison of the volume of a given order to some sort of historical average; is that fair?

Q. And do you recall if there was

Q. Do you recall if there was a final number?

Q. Do you recall having any personal input into the determination of what that final number would be?

Q. Do you recall who on the team expressed any view as to what that final number should be?

Q. Do you recall anyone on the team giving any indication as to whether a similar analysis had been employed historically?

Q. Do you recall ever seeing any of the monthly reports that Mr. Rausch sent to DEA?

Q. In looking back at Mr. Ratliff's e-mail of April 1, he concludes the first paragraph by saying, "I will go into more detail on Friday." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall if you participated in any conversations with Mr. Ratliff the following Friday on this topic?

Q. Okay. Set that aside.

Q. Ms. Stewart, we've marked as Exhibit 2 a one-page document -- I'm sorry, it's actually two pages because it's front and back -- encaptioned "Peculiar Order Process," and beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000268717. Does that document look familiar to you at all?

Q. Do you recognize the handwriting on the document?

Q. The caption is "Peculiar order process." Is "peculiar order" a term that you have any familiarity with?

Q. And what's that familiarity?

Q. Okay. And were these discussions at the SOM team?

Q. Okay. And was that because suspicious order was a DEA term, that a suspicious order --

Q. -- should not be filled?

Q. So peculiar order was a term you used at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. In the middle of that page, there's some numbered paragraphs. Do you see them?

Q. And there's a paragraph 1 that discusses "an order will be considered peculiar if the order quantity for a SKU, when converted to equivalent API, is two times the average API for that SKU/DEA reporting class and customer combination. The historical rolling average calculation that will be used for established customers will be 7 to 18 months." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And is that the sort of quantitative comparison of the order to historical that you testified about earlier?

Q. Okay. Do you recall that particular measure, two times the 7- to 18-month rolling average, being something that was discussed by the team?

Q. Okay. And do you know if that measure as described in paragraph 1 on this document was, in fact, the measure that was incorporated into the team's ultimate algorithms?

Q. And paragraph 3 says, "Peculiar orders will be put on hold immediately after being entered." Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall if that was part of the team's ultimate output in terms of suspicious order monitoring?

Q. And if a -- during the time when you had responsibility for dosage, were there any peculiar orders that were put on hold that you can recall?

Q. Okay. How about during the time you had responsibility for API as customer service manager?

Q. Okay. So fair to say that during the entire time you were customer service manager you don't recall any peculiar order being put on hold?

Q. Do you recall any circumstances in which a peculiar order was filled prior to the time a determination had been made as to whether it was suspicious?

Q. And that would apply both to when you had responsibility for dosage and for API?

Q. Okay. Paragraph 4 says, "Dosage will get a peculiar order report twice a day. Bulk will get the report once a day." Ultimately, do you recall if that process was adopted?

Q. And so during the period you were customer service manager for dosage, did you receive a peculiar order report twice a day?

Q. Approximately how many peculiar orders can you recall being included on a peculiar order report?

Q. Okay. But you would receive the report twice a day, correct?

Q. Were there times when the report had no peculiar orders on it?

Q. Okay. Would it be unusual if a peculiar order report that you received with respect to dosage had more than ten orders on it?

Q. Okay. Would it be unusual if it had more than 20 on it, 20 orders?

Q. Okay. So as best you can recall today, it would be unusual if it had more than 20?

Q. But you don't recall if it would be unusual if it had more than ten?

Q. Okay. Do you recall a report having more than five orders on it?

Q. May have or may not --

Q. You just don't know?

Q. Okay. So if you received the report twice a day, you received ten reports

Q. On a typical five-day workweek?

Q. So is it fair to conclude that over the course of a typical five-day workweek you would have received peculiar order reports indicating -- you know, reporting some number of peculiar orders for that week?

Q. So when you received a peculiar order report that identified one or more peculiar orders, what steps did you take with respect to that order?

Q. Okay. So once an order was identified as peculiar -- and again, focusing on dosage initially -- who had the authority to authorize the filling of that order?

Q. Okay. Were there times that you can recall authorizing the fulfilment of an order that had been identified as peculiar without consulting with anyone else?

Q. And what circumstances can you recall?

Q. Okay. May have been, for example, the weather-related type thing that you described?

Q. Do you ever recall a circumstance, again, focusing on dosage, where someone else, Ms. Harper or someone else in the -- in the chain, authorized the fulfilment of a peculiar order where you had concerns that the issue as to whether it was suspicious had not been thoroughly investigated?

Q. Now, let's turn to when you had responsibility for API.

Q. Did you receive the report once

Q. -- during that time?

Q. Okay. And typically was there at least one order reflected on a report?

Q. Okay. With respect to any order that was reported as peculiar on the bulk report, what steps would you take?

Q. And did the same people have authority to authorize the fulfilment of a bulk order that had been identified as peculiar as had that authority with respect to dosage?

Q. Do you know if there was -- or do you recall there being any occasion in which a bulk order was fulfilled -- a bulk order that had been identified as peculiar was fulfilled prior to the time a final determination had been made as to whether it was suspicious?

Q. Below paragraph 4 on Exhibit 2, there's a caption -- a paragraph encaptioned "New Customers for Dosage." Do you see that?

Q. And that paragraph discusses establishing a threshold for new customers. Do you recall that being a matter that the SOM team addressed?

Q. And you can just read that paragraph to yourself, but tell me if your recollection is that the -- the procedure described in that paragraph is what the SOM team ultimately adopted.

Q. Okay. Similar questions for the following paragraph concerning bulk new customers.

Q. Okay. So best of your recollection, that's the procedure that was adopted?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can put that aside.

Q. Ms. Stewart, we've just handed you what we've marked as Exhibit 3, which is

Q. Okay. At 4/15/09, this would have been a period when you had customer service responsibility for dosage, correct?

Q. Do you recall if there was a different peculiar order process for bulk as compared to dosage?

Q. Okay. In paragraph 3 on the first page of Exhibit 3 it states, "The program should only look at customers, paren, ship to, close parens, with an SN customer search type." Do you know what SN customer service type is?

Q. Okay. And paragraph 5 says, "The bulk peculiar order report should capture orders that are two times the average quantity of the SKU and customer, paren, ship to, close paren, combination over the historical sales average up to 18 months, parens, rolling, close parens." Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall if that measurement was in place for the peculiar order report for API during the period that you had customer service responsibility for API?

Q. Section B on page 1 of paragraph 3 talks about peculiar order report for new customers. Do you see that?

Q. Did the customer service department have any role to play in whether a new customer was accepted for purposes of receiving narcotic shipments?

Q. Okay. So during your period at the -- with customer service responsibility, did you have any personal responsibilities that extended to determining whether a new customer should be accepted?

Q. Okay. If you turn to the second page of paragraph 3 -- of Exhibit 3, heading C talks about orders of unusual frequency. Do you see that?

Q. And there are five paragraphs that discuss the issue, and I won't go through them specifically. But my question for you is, during the period that you had responsibility for API as customer service manager, do you recall orders being identified as peculiar because of unusual frequency?

Q. Okay. Section D later on in that page talks about irregular order pattern report. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And there are three numbered paragraphs under that heading, and again, you can feel free to review those if you like. My question for you is, during the period that you had responsibility for API as customer service manager, do you recall any orders being identified as peculiar because of an irregular order pattern?

Q. And then heading D on the bottom of page 2 and on to page 3 of Exhibit 3 talks about incremental increase violation. Do you see that?

Q. And again, during your period as customer service manager with respect to API, do you recall any orders being identified as peculiar because of the incremental increase violation?

Q. Now, you do recall that there were at least some orders identified as peculiar during the period you had responsibility for API, correct?

Q. And so do you have any recollection as to the circumstances that caused any of those orders to be identified as peculiar?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Ms. Stewart, we've marked as Exhibit 4 a two-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000302241 that's encaptioned "Peculiar Order Process for Specialty Pharmaceuticals." Do you see that?

Q. Do you have an understanding what the phrase "specialty pharmaceuticals" means?

Q. What does it mean?

Q. Okay. And so is specialty pharmaceuticals, does that encompass both dosage and API?

Q. Okay. This document under heading A, peculiar order report for established customers, paragraph 2 says, "Threshold limits should be based upon the customer ship to account if classified as a wholesaler or retailer." Do you recall customers being classified as wholesaler or retailer?

Q. And would that extend to both API and dosage customers?

Q. Okay. Were there other categorizations of dosage customers other than wholesaler or retailer?

Q. What can you recall?

Q. Okay. We spoke a little earlier today about distributors. Do you have an understanding as to the distinction between a wholesaler and a distributor?

Q. Okay. But you do recall that there were separate classifications

Q. -- for wholesalers and distributors?

Q. Do you recall any examples of customers who were categorized as wholesalers?

Q. If you look at paragraph 3 under heading A, it says, "For distributors and clinics, a new table will be set up by Cathy Stewart breaking down the distributors into three segments, parens, large, medium and small, and clinics into two segments. Each ship to account will be assigned to one of these segments. A new field will have to be set up in the customer master for these new segment classifications." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall creating such a table?

Q. Do you recall making -- taking any steps to subclassify distributors small, medium, large, or any other type of classification?

Q. Now, that language, the language regarding new table, is underlined on this document, which may indicate that perhaps it was a revision to a prior draft. Is that what that would indicate to you?

Q. Okay. But as you sit here today, you don't have any recollection regarding any discussions about whether such

Q. Okay. Paragraph 4 under heading A says, "The specialty pharmaceutical peculiar order report for established customers should capture orders that are two times the threshold limits based upon the criteria outlined above." Do you see that?

Q. And is that consistent with your recollection of the comparator that was employed with respect -- comparing a given order to historical averages for purposes of whether that order would be included on the peculiar order report?

Q. Okay. Under heading B toward the bottom of the first page of Exhibit 4, in paragraph 1 it says, "New customer ship to accounts are identified as customers who have zero days to six months of sales history. Cathy Stewart needs to decide if specialty pharmaceuticals needs to review every order for new customers or if a new field will be created on the customer master to allow a manual threshold limit number to be entered for the ship to account." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall ever making that decision?

Q. Do you recall ever considering that issue?

Q. Again, the -- most of that sentence, other than your name, is underlined. Do you have any understanding as to who would have caused that -- that sentence to be included in this document?

Q. On the second page of Exhibit 4, heading C, Orders of Unusual Frequency, do you recall during the period that you were customer service manager with responsibility for dosage if any orders were identified as peculiar on the basis of unusual frequency?

Q. Okay. And heading D, down below on the second page of Exhibit 4, talks about irregular order pattern. Do you see that?

Q. And again, during the period you were customer service manager with responsibility for dosage, do you recall any orders being identified as irregular identified as peculiar because of an irregular order pattern?

Q. And back to the first page of Exhibit 4, during the period you were customer service manager with responsibility for dosage, do you recall any orders being identified as peculiar because they exceeded the threshold amount multiplied by the applicable factor?

Q. But in any event, you do recall there being some orders identified as peculiar, some dosage orders identified as peculiar?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Ms. Stewart, we've marked as Exhibit 5 a multi-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000299578. Appears to be a PowerPoint presentation concerning a DEA pharmaceutical industry conference, September 11th of 2007. Take a moment to look through that document. Tell me if you -- if you recognize it.

Q. Do you recognize that document?

Q. Okay. Do you know if you attended the program that is described as having occurred on September 11, 2007?

Q. Do you know who AmerisourceBergen is?

Q. Who are they?

Q. Okay. Do you know if anyone else from Mallinckrodt attended this program?

Q. Do you know if anyone, as part of the SOM team that you described, ever reported to the team any information that that person had learned at an AmerisourceBergen conference?

Q. Take a look at the second page of Exhibit 5, the regulatory responsibility slide at the bottom of that page. Do you see it?

Q. It quotes Title 21 of the Code of Federal Regulations, Section 1301.74 B as follows: "The registrant shall design and operate a system to disclose to the registrant suspicious orders of controlled substances. The registrant shall inform field diversion office of the administration in his area of suspicious orders when discovered by the registrant." Do you see that?

Q. And did you understand during the period of -- that you had customer service -- customer service management responsibility, both for dosage and for API, that the obligations described in Section 1301.74 B, as quoted on page 2 of Exhibit 5, applied to Mallinckrodt?

Q. And did you understand the work that the SOM team was conducting to be part of Mallinckrodt's efforts to design and operate a system to disclose suspicious orders as described in 1301.74 B of the CFR?

Q. And do you know what system Mallinckrodt had in place to -- well, strike that. Do you know what system Mallinckrodt had designed or operated prior to the work done by the SOM team to disclose suspicious orders of controlled substances?

Q. Okay. And indeed on page 3 of Exhibit 5, the slide at the bottom makes reference to "know your customer due diligence." Do you see that?

Q. Is that a term you're familiar with?

Q. And what do you understand that to mean?

Q. Okay. And is that something -- is that sort of due diligence something that the customer service representatives that you supervised performed?

Q. And did you provide or did anyone else at Mallinckrodt provide to them any training with respect to how to perform that function?

Q. Was there any sort of handbook or other printed material that a customer service representative at Mallinckrodt could consult with respect to performing that due diligence function?

Q. On the slide above the one we were just looking at, under Regulatory Responsibility, the first bullet item states, "Reporting suspicious orders to DEA does not relieve the distributor of the responsibility to maintain effective controls to prevent diversion." Do you see that?

Q. And during the time you had customer service manager responsibility at Mallinckrodt, did you understand that similarly as to Mallinckrodt, reporting suspicious orders to DEA did not relieve Mallinckrodt of the responsibility to maintain effective controls to prevent diversion?

Q. You can set that aside.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 6 meeting notes from Buzzeo, B u z z e o, DEA conference, October 27 to 30, 2008. And I believe you testified earlier today of attending a conference in DC with Ms. Harper?

Q. Could you take a look at Exhibit 6 and tell me if these are if this is that conference that you were recalling and if these are your notes?

Q. Great. And the conference, it states October 27 to 30. Was it a four-day conference?

Q. Okay. Did the sessions go on all day each day?

Q. Okay. Approximately how many attendees were at the conference; can you recall?

Q. Was it more than a hundred or --

Q. Do you remember where it was held?

Q. Okay. And you were there, and Ms. Harper was there, right?

Q. Anyone else from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Were there a number of different individuals who made presentations at this conference?

Q. And were some of them from the DEA?

Q. Did anyone from Mallinckrodt make a presentation?

Q. Did anyone from any other narcotic manufacturer make a presentation that you can recall?

Q. On page 1 of Exhibit 6 --

Q. Yeah, sure. You can look at it now or you can look at it after I ask a question.

Q. If you need to confer, you can confer. You know, certainly want you to be familiar with it. The first paragraph says, "Process should include state monitoring requirements in addition to federal." Do you see that?

Q. And the process here -- the heading up above is suspicious order monitoring, SOM, process, right?

Q. Thanks. Do you recall if state monitoring requirements were part of any SOM process adopted by Mallinckrodt at any time?

Q. Do you recall reviewing -- as part of the SOM team that you were part of, do you recall reviewing any particular state monitoring requirements?

Q. Okay. The next paragraph states, "In addition to formalizing the process to identify suspicious orders prior to their departure from the DC, we must also formally document the investigation of each particular suspicious, parens, peculiar, close parens, order that gets identified, including the bows and whys of the logic we used to deem the order appropriate to ship or not." Did I read that correctly?

Q. What does DC mean?

Q. Okay. And did Mallinckrodt's SOM process include provision for formally documenting the investigation of each suspicious or particular -- or peculiar order?

Q. Yes. Did Mallinckrodt's SOM process as ultimately adopted include provision for formally documenting the investigation of each suspicious or peculiar order?

Q. And what form did that documentation take?

Q. Okay. Is that formal documentation something that you would have personally prepared on any occasion?

Q. And when you say "not for this," what's the "this" that you're referring to?

Q. Okay. Do you know who would have had responsibility to prepare that formal documentation?

Q. The one, two, three, four, fifth paragraph, the one that starts with "the general consensus," do you see that?

Q. "The general consensus is that sales reps are not considered a good option for on-site investigations and initial review prior to accepting new customers due to their perceived bias in getting the customer approved for sales revenue purposes." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. Did Mallinckrodt's SOM process contemplate sales reps conducting on-site investigations from time to time?

Q. Did it contemplate sales reps participating in the initial review of a potential new customer?

Q. Okay. The next paragraph says, "Omnicare has employed two full-time employees solely for the purpose of auditing SOM orders." Do you see that?

Q. Who was Omnicare?

Q. Customer of Mallinckrodt?

Q. With respect to narcotics?

Q. Okay. Did Mallinckrodt employ any full-time employees solely for the purpose of auditing suspicious or peculiar orders?

Q. The next paragraph says, "One supplier indicates that of 13,000 lines per month, 12 percent, about 1560, were flagged for SOM purposes." Do you see that?

Q. And when the notes say "supplier," what does that mean in this context?

Q. Okay. It doesn't necessarily mean someone who supplied Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And so this supplier -- is it -- does that indicate that there was at least one supplier that made a presentation at the conference?

Q. Okay. So this indicates that one supplier had experienced about 12 percent -- well, strike that. When that paragraph says 13,000 lines per month --

Q. -- what does "lines" mean in this setting?

Q. Okay. And so this is a supplier that had experienced approximately 1560 specific items that were ordered as -- that were identified as at least potentially suspicious out of approximately 13,000?

Q. Now, as to Mallinckrodt, in a typical month on the dosage business, how many lines per month would you expect would be ordered?

Q. More than 13,000?

Q. Okay. And do you know in terms of Mallinckrodt's experience, as far as orders that were identified as peculiar, whether its experience would approximate the 12 percent experience referenced here?

Q. Okay. You didn't personally ever go back and do any sort of calculation as far as what percentage of orders had been identified as peculiar; is that fair?

Q. And do you know if anyone else at Mallinckrodt ever performed such a calculation?

Q. Do you think it's possible that Mallinckrodt's dosage order volumes would have exceeded 13,000 lines per month?

Q. During the period that you had responsibility for dosage as customer service manager, do you have any estimate as to the number of peculiar orders that your staff had capacity to evaluate on a daily basis?

Q. Sure. While you were customer service manager for dosage, do you have any estimate of the number of peculiar orders that the CSRs who reported to you would have capacity to review on a daily basis, approximately?

Q. Okay. So they evaluated -- when you say "they evaluated every order," is that independent of whatever algorithms were put in place by the team?

Q. And what were the criteria that they used to conduct that evaluation, independent of algorithms?

Q. Okay. And the -- were the algorithms that the -- that the team adopted in place during any portion of the time that you had dosage responsibility as customer service manager?

Q. Okay. So during the time you had responsibility for dosage, the identification of orders as peculiar would have been based entirely on your CSRs making the sort of evaluation that you just described a few moments ago?

Q. A couple of paragraphs below the one we were just looking at, there's one that states, "Companies indicate that they have employed the services of a statistician to work with their IT professionals to develop appropriate algorithms, et cetera, for use in the code to identify the SOM lines." Do you see that?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt, to your knowledge, ever employ a statistician to work in this regard?

Q. If you turn to the second page of Exhibit 6, the first paragraph, it says, "When trying to normalize your data for purposes of doing calculations to identify anomalies, consider the base drug, API, itself, rather than focusing on strengths and doses per bottle." Do you see that?

Q. And did the algorithms that the team ultimately adopted follow that -- that direction?

Q. Okay. Down one, two, three, four paragraphs from there, there's a paragraph that says, "Are our customers aware of the SOM requirements, question mark? Conduct a prophylactic order" -- I'm sorry -- "prophylactic audit and confirm that they have systems in place to call out deviations on orders placed in their systems, paren, their SOM processes and procedures." Do you see that?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever conduct such a prophylactic audit?

Q. Okay. Were you -- did you participate in any such audits?

Q. Did you ever receive the results of any such audits?

Q. The third page of Exhibit 6, the paragraph right under the word "hydrocodone" --

Q. -- says, "Quote, know your customer, close quote, is not enough anymore. You must now know your customer's customer as well. When is a personal visit to that second-line customer justified and based on what criteria, question mark?" During the period that you had responsibility for dosage as customer service manager, did anyone at Mallinckrodt, to your knowledge, take steps to know Mallinckrodt's customer's customer?

Q. Do you know if any of the CSRs that you supervised took steps to know the customer of the customers for whom they had responsibility?

Q. The second sentence regarding personal visit, do you know if anyone at Mallinckrodt made any such personal visit to the customer of a Mallinckrodt customer?

Q. Okay. And during the period that you had responsibility for API as customer service manager, did anyone, to your knowledge, at Mallinckrodt take steps to know Mallinckrodt's customer's customer?

Q. And similarly, anyone at Mallinckrodt during that period make any personal visits to the customers of Mallinckrodt's customers, to your knowledge?

Q. You can set that aside.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 7 a two-page document, a series of e-mails bearing -- they're starting with Bates MNK-Tl 0003027633. They appear to be e-mails that you sent in January of 2009. Take a moment to look at them, and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. Your January 22nd e-mail is to James Champion. Who was Mr. Champion?

Q. Okay. So just so we're -- the record's clear, your direct report during the period you were customer service manager, was it Mr. Pheney?

Q. The entire time?

Q. Okay. So you're sending Mr. Champion some information about a course involving pharmaceutical diversion investigation training, right?

Q. And what was your reason for sending that to him?

Q. Okay. In your January 27 e-mail to Ms. Harper you say, "I don't know how helpful this will prove to be, but I'm going to approach them to see if they can provide more detail." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall doing so?

Q. Okay. Do you know how you became aware of the MCTC program that's described in your e-mail?

Q. Okay. This was -- this was not the result of some effort on your part to identify available training in this regard?

Q. Okay. Do you recall if there were other training courses of this type with respect to diversion or suspicious order monitoring that you gathered information on?

Q. And do you know if anyone from Mallinckrodt attended this course?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. Apart from the Buzzeo conference, the notes that we looked at a little earlier, do you know of any other third-party education programs with respect to diversion or suspicious order monitoring that anyone at Mallinckrodt attended in the 2008 to 2010 time frame?

Q. Okay. We've marked as Exhibit 8 a four-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000457175. It appears to be a customer review checklist. Please take a look at that exhibit. Tell me if you recognize either the form of the checklist or this particular checklist.

Q. Either the form or this particular --

Q. Okay. Do you remember if there was a customer review checklist in place during the time that you had customer service manager responsibility?

Q. Do you recall having any involvement in preparing the form of a customer review checklist?

Q. Okay. So Exhibit 8 is a particular checklist that appears to be completed with respect to a customer named Paragon-Meds, right?

Q. Do you know who would have had responsibility for completing this checklist?

Q. And who is Toby Bane?

Q. Okay. So you don't know who

Q. So fair to say that the customer review checklist was not a document that the CSRs that you supervised were responsible for completing?

Q. Do you know if the CSRs that you supervised reviewed customer customer review checklists?

Q. Do you know who at Mallinckrodt would have reviewed this checklist?

Q. During the period that you were customer service manager, who was the head of the customer data integrity group?

Q. Do you remember the names of any of the individuals who were involved in that function?

Q. Did you have occasion to interact with the customer data integrity group from time to time?

Q. And for what sorts of purposes would you interact with them?

Q. Okay. Anything else?

Q. In general, what was the function of the customer data integrity group as you understood it?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 9 a two-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000459916. The document's encaptioned "SDIM Deliverables Worksheet." Please look at that document and tell me if you recognize it.

Q. Okay. And what's your familiarity with the intent of the document?

Q. Okay. So is this document, Exhibit 9, is this something that would have been prepared as part of the SOM team's activities?

Q. Okay. And do you know who would have prepared it?

Q. So the request title is peculiar order reporting, correct?

Q. And then under requirements, there's a number of requirements that -- each one of which has an ID number and then a requirement description. So am I understanding this correctly that this document is basically a way for the IS department to communicate how the -- how the underlying software has been coded --

Q. -- to achieve a certain result?

Q. Okay. And the results are the various requirement descriptions that are listed on the document, right?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 10 is a multi-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000299803 encaptioned "SDIM Short Form Section 3 - Design." Take a look at that document, if you would, and tell us if you're familiar either with this particular document or at least the purpose of the document.

Q. Okay. Do you know what SDIM stands for?

Q. If you turn to the next to last page, or perhaps the last page, of the exhibit, it has -- ends in the Bates number 9809 in the bottom right.

Q. And do you see the box "design approval" toward the bottom of the page?

Q. And there's an X business lead/requester, and it lists Mr. Rausch and yourself, correct?

Q. Does that mean for this document to have become finalized, either you or Mr. Rausch would have to have signed off on it?

Q. And I take it this -- this -- what you see in Exhibit 10 is not familiar to you?

Q. Do you recall at any time signing off on -- to give design approval with respect to any, you know, program design?

Q. Above your and Mr. Rausch's name on this document is a Steve Horner. Do you know who he was?

Q. Who was he?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 11 a two-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000459923. It appears to be similar to a document we looked at a little while ago --

Q. -- another SDIM deliverables worksheet. And on the second page -- there are no signatures on this document. And I gather from your earlier testimony, the lack of those signatures would indicate that this may or may not be a final document?

Q. Okay. Would it be your expectation that at some point a set of requirements relating to peculiar order reporting was ultimately signed off on by appropriate people?

Q. And is that something you would have signed off on or someone else?

Q. Okay. Could it have been Mr. Rausch?

Q. Or Mr. Pheney?

Q. Okay. And you believe at some point that did happen, correct?

Q. Okay. And where would the -- the final document with those signatures be stored in Mallinckrodt's files; do you know?

Q. Do you know what individual would be responsible for maintaining those materials?

Q. Okay. And would that be under Mr. Horner's direction?

Q. Okay. But at the time --

Q. -- this time frame, it would have been Mr. Horner?

Q. Okay. Great. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 12 is another -- similar document to Exhibit 11.

Q. Begins at Bates MNK-T1 0000270106. And I just want to direct your attention to the second page of Exhibit 12. And under Requirements Approval, Business Owner, it identifies you. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what that phrase "business owner" means in this context?

Q. Okay. And so does that indicate to you that if we were to find the final approved version of these requirements, it would likely contain your signature?

Q. Okay. Depending on when it was finalized?

Q. I see. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Ms. Stewart, welcome back.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 13 a three-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000268911. It appears to be a form encaptioned "DEA Compliance Procedure." Do you recognize this form?

Q. So it's used for all document procedures adopted by Mallinckrodt?

Q. For the purpose of complying with the DEA requirement?

Q. Okay. Since this one says DEA compliance procedure

Q. -- obviously it's a procedure to comply with the DEA requirement?

Q. And there's a draft number or revision number, draft 2, on it. States, "Published 5/13/08." Do you know what the term "published" means in this context?

Q. Okay. And originator, Karen Harper. Does that indicate Ms. Harper is the person who, at least initially, originated this procedure?

Q. Okay. If you look on the second page, there's some handwriting. Do you recognize any of that handwriting?

Q. Okay. Do you recall at some point a final controlled substance suspicious order monitoring procedure being adopted?

Q. Don't know one way or the other?

Q. If there were such a final procedure adopted, would you expect that there would be a form similar to Exhibit 13 but bearing a number, as you indicated, an effective date?

Q. And where would that be maintained at Mallinckrodt, if you know?

Q. Do you know the person who'd be responsible for maintaining it in this time period?

Q. Okay. In this time period, who headed up the training group?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 14 is a multi-page document beginning with MNK-T1 0000459933 encaptioned "IS Application Service Request, ASR Number," lengthy number, "Peculiar Orders." Do you recognize this document?

Q. What is it?

Q. And so this one in particular is a request pertaining to peculiar order identification reporting?

Q. And the ASR number, do you know what that refers to?

Q. Okay. And toward the bottom of the page there's an indication that -- "approved by business owner," and you're identified. Do you see that?

Q. Does this indicate that you did approve it or is this just indicating that you would be the person who needed to approve it?

Q. Okay. In the top box on the page, there's a request date or request completion date, a system named JDE. Do you know what that means?

Q. What is that?

Q. Is it JD Edwards?

Q. And then down below that indicating -- there's indication, requester name, with your name, so that indicates that you made this particular request?

Q. Okay. Do you recall this request?

Q. And what was -- what was the purpose for making this request?

Q. Okay. The SDIM forms that we looked at?

Q. Okay. So this is actually how the process would get started?

Q. Okay. Great. And so if we look under description of current business need, it says, "Realtime edit as CSRs enter orders that identify deviations and automatically place them on hold status for subsequent release after order has been reviewed. Calculation to determine threshold equals average of, parens, previous CY plus current CYTD, close parens, pieces sold times two, close parens." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And so that indicates that the formula being employed here is two times the historical average, correct?

Q. Okay. And then it goes on to say, "Threshold violations at customer level would be based on, one, if current order greater than the calculation referenced above, the order is placed on hold, and/or if cumulative sum of customer's orders in the prior rolling 30 days exceeds the threshold, the order is placed on hold." Correct?

Q. And then "exclusions would be based on class of trade, specific customers, parens, parent and all children, close parens, would be excluded from review process, parens, identified by John Adams, close parens." What does that mean, that the parents and all children -- well, that specific customers would be excluded through this review process?

Q. Okay. And why would those have been excluded from the review process?

Q. Okay. It goes on to says, "Interim requirement would be to run report RPT784 R1 twice daily, once at 11 a.m. Eastern Standard Time and against" -- I assume that means again?

Q. -- "at 3 p.m. Eastern Standard Time for distribution to Cathy Stewart, Brenda Rehkop, John Adams, Mike Gunning and Eileen Spaulding." Who was Brenda Rehkop?

Q. Okay. And who was Mike Gunning?

Q. Okay. And under business benefit it says, "Places us in compliance with DEA regulations requiring auditing of customer orders to identify those which might be deemed suspicious so they can be circumvented from being placed in transportation." Did you personally draft the text that's under the description in the business benefit sections?

Q. Was this something you did at the request of the SOM team?

Q. So it's a request that you made in August of '08. Would that indicate that the SOM team had been formed by this time and had begun to work?

Q. Do you recall placing any follow-up requests of the sort indicated in Exhibit 14 on the subject matter?

Q. Okay. Great. You can put that aside.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 15 another DEA compliance procedure draft, this one beginning with Bates MNK-T1 0000420019. This one indicates revision number or draft 4, published 7/15 of '08. This draft, if you look through it, includes some additional material beyond what was in the prior DEA compliance procedure that we looked at with respect to, for example, the customer service representative responsibilities and the IS department responsibilities. Do you see that?

Q. I'd like you to look at the second page of Exhibit 15 under customer service representative responsibilities --

Q. -- and I'd like to just have you confirm if these responsibilities were, in fact, included in the customer service representative responsibilities under the suspicious order monitoring program as ultimately adopted.

Q. And if you would just you can just read 1 to 6 to yourself.

Q. Okay. So there were six numbered items under customer service representative responsibilities. Do you recall if all six of these responsibilities were included in the final SOM procedure that was adopted?

Q. Okay. Do you recall any responsibilities of the customer service representatives that you supervised with respect to suspicious order monitoring beyond those that are described in Items 1 through 6?

Q. Okay. Now under Item 4, for C-I and C-II controlled substance orders, do you know what C-I and C-II mean?

Q. What's that?

Q. Okay. So for those -- for C-I and C-II controlled substances, under A, "verify customer has provided a DEA 222 form," we've discussed that already today, correct?

Q. "B, obtain a certificate of available procurement quota from customers using a manufacturing registration DEA 222 form." And I think you've already testified with respect to the quota element as it applied --

Q. -- to a manufacturer. And that would be someone purchasing API, correct?

Q. Okay. And then under C, "obtain a statement of intended use from customers using a research compounding pharmacy or analytical lab registration, DEA 222 form." And were there such customers?

Q. Okay. And then under C there's I, "forward the statement of intended use to DEA compliance." So with respect to customers who were neither -- whose registration with DEA was neither a manufacturing registration nor a research compounding pharmacy or analytical lab registration, is it accurate that as to C-I and C-II controlled substances, the customer service representative was responsible to verify that the customer had provided a DEA 222 form but did not otherwise have responsibility for any other verification of the type described under Item 4 on this page?

Q. Okay. Then below customer service representative, there's a heading Customer Service Manager, and that's the role you played first as to dosage and then later as to API, correct?

Q. And the responsibilities there in number 1, "review the IS system generated peculiar order report which lists orders that meet the criteria established in this procedure" -- And that's something you did, correct?

Q. -- "and annotate the report with applicable explanation that authorizes shipment of peculiar orders that deviates from normal order pattern, size, frequency, such as trade show sales," et cetera. Do you recall so annotating peculiar order reports?

Q. And would that have been -- what form would that annotation have taken?

Q. Okay. Would that be a handwritten note?

Q. Okay. And then file -- that would then be filed away where?

Q. Okay. And so that's a file that existed when you left --

Q. -- the customer service manager position?

Q. Okay. Heading B, manually release orders in the order entry system that are authorized to ship. That's something you did?

Q. Okay. And that could have been based on your own review of the peculiar orders or perhaps Karen Harper --

Q. -- or someone else's review?

Q. Okay. Other than yourself or Karen Harper, is there anyone else you can recall authorizing the shipment of an order that had been identified as peculiar?

Q. Okay. Do you recall any particular circumstances where Mr. Ratliff gave that authorization?

Q. Okay. "Item C, for orders that have no application explanation for deviation from normal order pattern, size, frequency, the order will remain on hold pending further investigation by the business group and security/DEA compliance." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall there being any such orders during the period when you were customer service manager?

Q. Okay. And on each of those occasions, ultimately, was the order released?

Q. Okay. Do you recall any that ultimately were not fulfilled because of the operation of the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Item 2 says, "Maintains the do not ship list on the share drive by updating for any customer for which shipment has been canceled based on suspicious order criteria." What was the do not ship list?

Q. Okay. And who had authority to place a customer on the do not ship list?

Q. Okay. Well, with respect to DEA concerns --

Q. -- who would have had authority to place customers on the do not ship list?

Q. Okay. How about Jim Rausch?

Q. Okay. Do you remember any occasions when -- I mean, you just testified that you don't recall personally ever doing so, correct?

Q. Do you remember occasions where Mr. Rausch did that?

Q. And how about Ms. Spalding?

Q. Or who the customer was?

Q. How about Ms. Harper, do you recall her ever putting anyone on the do not ship list for DEA regulatory reasons?

Q. And in the -- the occasion involving Ms. Spalding that you recall, was that a single occasion?

Q. Okay. In terms what you actually recall today --

Q. -- it's one?

Q. And whether it's more than one or not, you don't know as you sit here today?

Q. Okay. You can put that aside.

Q. Exhibit 16 is a one-page e-mail from Karen Harper bearing Bates MNK-T1 0000301990, and it's an e-mail addressed to Bill Ratliff, Michael Pheney, Jim Rausch and yourself inviting you to a meeting on April 1 on the subject of suspicious order monitoring conference call with DEA consultant. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall participating in that meeting?

Q. Do you know who the DEA consultant was?

Q. Do you know what the Hazelwood conference room is?

Q. And where is that?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. Well, before you set that aside, it's -- the invitation is for a meeting on April 1 --

Q. -- of 2008. Do you know if the -- if the SOM team had been formed at this point?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 17 are a thread of e-mails from March of 2008 -- well, actually, begin in January -- two pages beginning at MNK-T1 0000419874. Direct your attention to the March 12 e-mail from Karen Harper to you, the second e-mail on the page. It says, "Since you -- since you will {sic} are included in the conference call with DEA consultants in early April, the attached information is provided as background for you. It was previously sent to Michael Pheney and Jim Rausch." Now, Ms. Harper's e-mail refers to a conference call with plural DEA consultants. Do you recall ever participating in a conference call with multiple DEA consultants?

Q. Okay. So do you have any idea what information was provided to you along with Ms. Harper's March 12th e-mail?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 18 is a two-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000391444. It's two e-mails from April 10 of 2008. Take a look at those e-mails, if you would, and tell me if you recognize either one of them.

Q. Okay. If you look at Karen Harper's April 10 e-mail on the bottom part of the page, under additional items for consideration, she says, "Cathy and Michael, should there be a separate suspicious order checklist for dosage versus bulk?" Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall responding to that -- that inquiry?

Q. And does that mean there would be two separate checklists for dosage and bulk?

Q. And do you recall what the differences were between the two?

Q. Okay. And so apart from the quantity of the orders at issue, were there other differences between the two checklists you can recall?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 19 is a two-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000304544, a series of e-mails between yourself and Ms. Harper, with various other parties copied, on the topic of a suspicious ordering flow chart. Take a moment to look at those e-mails and the attached flow chart, and tell me if you recognize either the e-mails or the flow chart.

Q. Do you recognize either of those materials?

Q. Okay. So it appears that -- I mean, the e-mail on the bottom of the first page is an e-mail from you to Ms. Harper --

Q. -- and you're communicating some questions you've got regarding the flow chart, correct?

Q. And if we look at the flow chart, there's some handwriting on there. Is that your handwriting?

Q. Okay. Do you know whose it is?

Q. Okay. So the handwritten changes to the flow chart itself have some have some additional boxes under obtained statement of use, correct?

Q. And there's some asterisks by them that seems to indicate that the source of those additional boxes is an e-mail that you had sent?

Q. Do you recall making the suggestions that are indicated on the flow chart on the second page of Exhibit 18 -- 19, rather?

Q. Okay. On the flow chart, there's a box that states, "Obtained statement of use." Do you see that?

Q. What is a statement of use as used here?

Q. Okay. And as the flow chart had originally been prepared before the handwritten changes, once the statement of use was obtained, the order would be processed, correct?

Q. And with the handwritten changes to the flow chart, the statement of use would be submitted -- or strike that. The security director or DEA COMP manager --

Q. Compliance manager. -- would be notified?

Q. And that person would make a determination as to the appropriateness of the statement of use, correct?

Q. Okay. Exhibit 20 is a single-page new customer account setup flow chart bearing Bates MNK-T1 0000420013. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Okay. Any idea who might have prepared it?

Q. Okay. The top center of the page in the top box indicates "field sales completes customer checklist." Do you see that?

Q. And we looked at a customer checklist earlier today, you recall?

Q. And I think you testified you didn't know at that time who would have been responsible for preparing it?

Q. Does this refresh your recollection as to who prepared the customer checklist?

Q. Okay. You can put that aside.

Q. Exhibit 21 is a two-page e-mail beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000274111. It appears to be an e-mail from you to a number of individuals dated March -- I'm sorry, May 14, 2008.

Q. Would you take a look at that e-mail and tell me if you can recall having sent it?

Q. Do you recall sending this e-mail?

Q. Okay. Now, you -- persons to whom it's addressed, there are a few names here we haven't talked about yet today. Vince J. Kaiman, who was that?

Q. Okay. And Mike Neely, who was that?

Q. Okay. How about Marco Polizzi?

Q. Okay. How about Jeff Burd?

Q. And Sue Werder?

Q. Okay. And one of the cc's is a JoAnne Levy?

Q. Okay. All right. And so in your e-mail you say, "I wanted to advise all of you that we're working with security and the DEA compliance group, Bill Ratliff and Karen Harper, to develop procedures to ensure we maintain compliance with the DEA requirement that we report any suspicious order quantities and/or patterns to them. In light of the recent developments with McKesson, a good deal of focus is being placed on this project." Correct?

Q. And so what were the recent developments with McKesson that you're referring to here?

Q. Okay. So is that what triggered the development of the SOM procedures, concerns arising out of the recent developments with McKesson?

Q. Okay. And when you say "that meeting," it's the Washington, DC conference --

Q. -- in late October?

Q. All right. You go on to say, "Briefly, if an order is deemed peculiar by a customer service rep based on a set of guidelines currently being developed, it will be placed on hold and the DEA compliance group, Bill Ratliff and Karen Harper, will be advised. DEA compliance will then conduct a more in-depth investigation and determine if the situation warrants notification to the DEA. If the order is deemed appropriate, customer service will be notified and the order will be released from hold status for shipment. If the order -- if the outcome of the investigation supports that the order is in fact suspicious, it will not be shipped and the local DEA office will be notified." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And in fact, is that the procedure that was adopted?

Q. Okay. And down below, three paragraphs, the paragraph that begins with "As these respected." Do you see it?

Q. That paragraph concludes with the statement, "At first pass, the formula might look like this, colon," and then you list a number of items that are under consideration for inclusion in the formula, correct?

Q. First of those items is "customers will be separated into their respective class of business: distributors, wholesalers, clinic, hospital, retail, et cetera."

Q. Was that, in fact, part of the final SOM procedure?

Q. Are there other classes of business, other than the ones you specifically identify in that parenthetical?

Q. What can you recall?

Q. Okay. Next bullet item is, "add purchase quantities by product, all oxy products and again by individual SKUs, for the last 12 months for all customers within the same class of business for any controlled substances." Correct?

Q. What does it mean when it says, "All oxy products and again by individual SKUs"?

Q. Okay. And I understand the normalization you just described. I'm wondering when it says "all oxy product and again by individual SKUs," what the "and again by individual SKUs" means.

Q. Okay. The next bullet item, "Add customer months for every record used in the above total." Next bullet item, "Divide total quantity purchases by the total customer months." Next bullet item, "Then multiply by the factor below to give the maximum amount that the customer can order per month before showing up on the suspicious order report." And the factor is 2 for C-II controlled substances and 4 for C-III, IV and V controlled substances, right?

Q. And we talked about the 2 X factor in the context of some other materials we've looked at here today. Do you recall the 4 X factor ever being adopted for the Schedule III, IV or V controlled substances?

Q. Okay. Do you remember what your basis was for referring to at least a potential 4 X factor for those materials?

Q. Okay. Was there -- had there been discussion among the SOM group of a 4 X factor for Schedule III, IV and V product?

Q. Okay. You don't independently recollect that today?

Q. Okay. On the second page of the exhibit, the first full paragraph says, "In addition to order quantities by product, we hope to also develop criteria for orders that deviate from normal ordering patterns and from usual order frequency, parens, not yet sure how to capture this, hope to identify an algorithm that will support parsing through the data to identify patterns, frequency, et cetera, close parens." So do you recall if ultimately there were means established by which to identify orders as deviating from normal order patterns or from usual order frequency?

Q. Do you have any recollection at all at what some of the metrics were that you -- or that the team considered using in that regard?

Q. The next paragraph says, "The group is working on other indicators that might be used in evaluating whether or not a customer should be reported as peculiar. The sales force will play a key role in this process by verifying the customer's physical site and operations ring true with the type of business they purport to run." Correct?

Q. And in fact, in the SOM as ultimately adopted, did the sales force have

Q. Now, in the notes that you took from the conference in Washington, DC, you noted that there was some -- at least concern expressed using the sales force for this type of function, correct?

Q. Was there a reason that consideration was given to using the Mallinckrodt sales force for this role despite the concerns that you noted in those notes?

Q. But in terms of that sort of physical evaluation of their facilities, that was something you relied on the sales force --

Q. -- to do?

Q. And do you recall there being any situations in which a customer was declined -- a customer that had a DEA registration was declined based upon reports from -- a report or multiple reports from the sales force with respect to the results of a site visit of other review of their physical facility?

Q. Okay. And that would have been an audit of a customer that had already been accepted, correct?

Q. Was Sunrise one of those?

Q. Okay. The last paragraph, you indicate the process is in a preliminary stage. Given that, was there a reason you sent this -- this e-mail to the group that's identified on here at the time that you did?

Q. Okay. But at this point, at least as of May 14th of 2008, the system was not yet sufficiently mature to where --

Q. -- a customer would have been put on hold?

Q. But that would have been no different from prior practice, right?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 22 is a single-page series of e-mails bearing Bates MNK-T1 0000391443. And you're an addressee on the second -- on the earlier e-mail in this string.

Q. My first question for you is whether you recognize any of the handwriting on this page.

Q. Okay. What do you think you recognize?

Q. Okay. All of it?

Q. Okay. So toward the top of the page, the handwriting up top, 6/3/08, appears to say "algorithm subcommittee sales data for six customers in each category will be queried by Cathy Stewart." Is that --

Q. Is that your reading of it as well?

Q. And do you know what's being referred to there?

Q. Do you know if the algorithm subcommittee is the same committee as the SOM team?

Q. Do you recall there being a different algorithm subcommittee?

Q. Okay. Down toward the bottom of the page, about two-thirds of the way down, here's handwritten notes, "growth rate data available by product: oxycodone 15-milligram plus 30-milligram rapid increase," and to the right, "competitive recall, 5-milligram oxy, slow growth." Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what growth rate data was available by product that's being referred to here?

Q. And then down below that there's language "algorithms vary by customer category." Do you see that?

Q. And goes on to say "generic," and apparently AT --

Q. Okay. Then international?

Q. Brand outsourcing?

Q. Et cetera. Do you recall if there were different algorithms ultimately adopted by different customer category?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 23 is a single-page e-mail bearing Bates MNK-T1 000002023. Appears to be an invitation you sent to Jim Rausch and Edward Wright for a June 26, 2008 meeting to discuss proposed modification to Hobart's dosage suspicious order report. Do you recall sending this invitation?

Q. Okay. Who was Edward Wright?

Q. So was he part of the SOM team?

Q. Okay. And when you say "discuss proposed modification to Hobart's dosage suspicious orders report," what is that report that you're referring to?

Q. Was it a -- something different from the peculiar order report that the that the team --

Q. Okay. All right. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 24 is a single-page e-mail from Mr. Rausch to yourself and Ms. Harper and Steve Horner bearing Bates MNK-T1 0000305967, and appears to be an invitation to a meeting on suspicious order monitoring requirements. And Mr. Rausch says, "Karen, Cathy, I would like to finalize if possible our threshold requirement for JDE. We have discussed average of previous CY plus current CYTD times two as current threshold." Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what JDE is?

Q. Okay. And I know we've spoken earlier here today regarding the 2 X factor compared to the averages. Does this refresh your recollection as to whether a 2 X factor was ultimately adopted as part of the SOM monitoring?

Q. The last sentence on -- or paragraph, rather, on Exhibit 24, Mr. Rausch says, "We need to come up with a new customer threshold level. What formula do we use for setting this threshold up? Give it some thought prior to the meeting." Do you recall the formula that was ultimately -- well, do you recall if there was a formula ultimately adopted for use with new customers?

Q. Okay. Do you recall any suggestions that anyone made with respect to what the components of such a formula would include?

Q. Okay. Exhibit 25 is a multi-page PowerPoint presentation that was produced in native at MNK-Tl 0002906584. Would you take a look at that exhibit, please, and tell me if you recognize this or recall the event to which it pertains?

Q. Okay. What is a Kaizen event?

Q. Okay. And you're included among the team members who participated in this event, correct?

Q. And so on the -- and these pages, I don't think, had numbers, but there's a page, one, two, three -- the fourth page in, there's op X leader, et cetera, a list of names.

Q. Yes, that page. Just to identify who some of these folks were that we haven't talked about before today, Jim Parker, who was that?

Q. Okay. Is that a quality control function or --

Q. Okay. And Charity Aranda?

Q. Okay. How about Angela Parker?

Q. Okay. Lois Cahill?

Q. Cheryl Nelson?

Q. Okay. Great. And the next page indicates the event -- the initial event occurred January 20 to 21 of 2009, correct?

Q. There's a flow chart on the following page that in the upper left-hand corner begins with "customer prepares and submits 222 form to Hazelwood," correct?

Q. And that next step is that that form is received by customer service and reviewed, and then there's an "and" and then C/T. Do you know what that means?

Q. Okay. Yeah, it's -- I can read it, but I'm not sure --

Q. All right. I'm not sure I know what it says. Well, let's proceed beyond that. Do you know the purpose that this flow chart served in the presentation?

Q. What was it?

Q. Okay. Do you recall which were ultimately determined to be dispensable?

Q. Okay. And so when you say "touched the form," what do you mean by that?

Q. Okay. So if a 222 form contained eight line items -- which they could contain that many, correct?

Q. Okay. Well, let's say six.

Q. Okay. So let's say it contained six line items.

Q. And there would be -- each line item would refer to a particular API that was being ordered, correct?

Q. A particular SKU. Okay.

Q. Okay. Or it could be for a variety of different APIs, correct?

Q. And it would reflect what the maximum order amount could be consistent with the 222 for that line, correct?

Q. Okay. And those could be different quantities for each of the six lines, correct?

Q. And so am I understanding you correctly that ultimately the conclusion reached was that the customer service rep checking the 222 form against the order actually being shipped could do that at the time that the final -- the sixth of the six lines --

Q. -- was shipped?

Q. So would that mean that the first or the second or the third may have already been shipped?

Q. And so what would happen then if there turned out to be a problem with one, two or three when the customer service rep went and looked at the form 222?

Q. And what if it was more than what was on the 222 form?

Q. So if the process was that the customer service rep would -- would go through this verification at the end, when the final line was shipped --

Q. what was the safeguard to be certain that on any of the prior lines there hadn't been an overshipment?

Q. Okay. If you turn two pages after the flow chart we were just looking at, the page that has best-case scenario on the top?

Q. Okay. It says, "In an ideal state, the 222 process would be a standard process to identify a sequence and minimize touches, errors, exceptions and issues located in the forms to better handle the volume and better utilize our resources and comply with DEA requirements."

Q. So by referencing an ideal state, this seems to suggest that there were some issues that kept this from being the case.

Q. What were they?

Q. And what does it mean to say "clear the form"?

Q. Okay. And that -- the process was that the customer service rep would conclude that -- that process of clearing, as you just described it, on the business day following the last shipment?

Q. Okay. So in any event, it would be cleared no later than the business day after ship --

Q. Okay. Two pages later there's

Q. And the first ah-ha moment is, "222s don't have to be cleared after each line item is shipped." And that's what you were just discussing, correct?

Q. And so do you recall how that ah-ha came about, who pointed this out?

Q. Okay. Next ah-ha moment, "error rates are such that double-checks can be eliminated. If we do make an error, deal with it then."

Q. Now, what does that mean?

Q. So when it says, "Error rates are such that double-checks can be eliminated," that would seem to suggest that the error rates were so low that it was not necessary to double-check them?

Q. Does that mean that if the 222s are not cleared line by line but are only cleared after the last shipment, then the error rates would be so low --

Q. -- that it's not necessary to double-check them?

Q. The final items says, "222s from clinics with hold for shipping instructions relative to multiple shipments on multiple dates performed were not in compliance with DEA regulations." What does that mean?

Q. Okay. And prior to this -- to this event, had Mallinckrodt accepted the multiple shipments on a single form?

Q. Okay. All right. And if you turn to the last page, or the next to last page, before questions, there's a page that says, "Barriers to success, significant workload increase due to oxycodone situation." What was the oxycodone situation that created the significant workload increase?

Q. Okay. And so that allocation function created additional work?

Q. Any other aspects of the oxycodone situation that created --

Q. Ms. Stewart, Exhibit 26 is a single-page e-mail bearing Bates MNK-T1 0006305000. It is an e-mail from you to Michael Pheney and James Champion from June of 2009. And in it you say, "This is probably blasphemy, but why do we continue to service our methadone clinics as individuals?" Do you see that?

Q. "Why can't we have them serviced through the DC efforts of McKesson, Cardinal and/or ABC?"

Q. Who was ABC?

Q. Okay. And what do you mean when you say "have them serviced through the DC efforts" of one of those entities?

Q. Okay. And why did you think that was probably blasphemy?

Q. Okay. Did you get a response on this idea?

Q. And what was it?

Q. Okay. Exhibit 27 is a single-page series of e-mails bearing Bates MNK-Tl 0000473726. The earlier e-mail from Ms. Harper, under the word "redacted" it says, "Do you agree that as part of our ongoing commitment to keep sales and marketing involved, we would send an advance copy to them?" And do you understand what advance copy is -- Ms. Harper is referring to?

Q. Okay. In your responsive e-mail you say, "Since API could be affected by this as well, we should probably include their sales reps in addition to John's and Ken McBean's. I'll get you a list." Do you see that?

Q. And so API would be affected by what? Or could be affected by what?

Q. Okay. And when you say "their sales reps," you mean API sales reps?

Q. Okay. And so who was Ken McBean?

Q. Okay. Is the John John Adams?

Q. And so were his sales reps not API sales reps?

Q. Okay. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 28 is a single-page e-mail bearing Bates MNK-T1 0000268346. It's from Robyn McHale. Who was Robyn McHale?

Q. Okay. And addressed to a number of individuals, including yourself, one of whom is George Saffold. Who was that?

Q. Okay. So was Mr. Pheney still in the chain?

Q. And approximately when did that happen, that Mr. Saffold became your direct report?

Q. Okay. And who was Pat D'Angelo?

Q. So she was a bulk customer service rep?

Q. At this time, September 28, '09, were you the customer service manager for dosage or for bulk?

Q. Okay. When you switched from customer service manager for dosage to bulk, do you recall what the circumstances were that caused that change to happen?

Q. Okay. All right. Ms. McHale's e-mail says, "Project suspicious order monitoring will be implemented today, but processing will not begin until October 7, 2009," right?

Q. And is that consistent with your recollection that the -- that the -- the suspicious order monitoring program that the team had been working on was implemented in late September and -- with processing beginning in early October of '09?

Q. Okay. And I think we've seen some materials here earlier today that indicate that the team was working on the SOM by mid-2008, correct?

Q. So fair to say that it took over a year?

Q. Do you recall why it took so long?

Q. Okay. And so during the period that the team was working on the SOM but before it was implemented, do I understand you correctly with respect to dosage, the -- the customer service reps could identify or could call into question an order based on their own personal reaction to it?

Q. And during that period, do you have any understanding as to how, if any, a bulk order could be called into question by a customer service rep?

Q. Okay. So in terms of the bulk business, do you recall if you had customer service manager responsibility during any period prior to the time that the SOM was implemented in the fall of 2009?

Q. Okay. And with respect to your responsibilities as customer service manager as to dosage, do you recall if you were in that role during any period when the suspicious order monitoring program that had been established by the team had been implemented?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 29 is a one-page series of e-mails bearing Bates MNK-T1 0000303636. And these are e-mails dated October 7, 2009, which I believe the prior exhibit indicated would be the day that the -- the suspicious order monitoring program would become active, correct?

Q. The top of the page is a -- an e-mail from Robyn McHale to Jim Rausch and you, although it says, "Jim, there are a little over 100 orders on hold between you and bulk. You should receive your first hold report at 12:30. If you have any issues or question, please don't hesitate to contact me." So this is October 7, 2009. And when Ms. McHale says, "Jim, there are a little over 100 orders on hold between you and bulk," does that indicate to you that at that time Mr. Rausch had responsibility for dosage?

Q. Okay. And would that mean that at that time you had responsibility for bulk?

Q. Does that refresh your recollection at all as to when you took responsibility for bulk?

Q. So does it appear that at least by October 7 of '09 --

Q. -- you no longer had dosage responsibility but had bulk responsibility?

Q. Okay. And this e-mail indicates a little over 100 orders between dosage and bulk. Do you recall when the SOM first became active how many orders were on hold for bulk?

Q. And would this have been orders on hold for a period of time, or would this have been orders just current to that date that had been placed on hold; do you know?

Q. A hundred orders would be a fairly significant number of orders to work through, wouldn't it?

Q. Okay. So on the dosage side, though, would that be the total number of orders or the number of orders that were on hold?

Q. Okay. And in your experience, you would think that that would be a reasonable number to expect to be a daily average?

Q. Okay. Did you ever come to have any understanding as to what the daily average was for dosage orders that were identified as peculiar through the SOM?

Q. Okay. And on the bulk side, do you have any sense on average of how many orders were identified as peculiar on a daily basis?

Q. Okay. You can put that aside.

Q. Exhibit 30 is a single-page series of e-mails bearing Bates MNK-Tl 0000278394, e-mails from November 6th of 2009. The e-mail on the top of the page is from you to Karen Harper, Jim Rausch and George Saffold, and you begin it by saying, "I've reviewed the first two QSP documents and have highlighted and/or placed question marks by some items I think we need to discuss further." What are you referring to when you say "QSP documents"?

Q. Okay. So would these have would you be referring there to documents that describe the SOM procedure?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 31 is a single-page series of e-mails bearing Bates MNK-T1 0000300118. And the e-mail toward the bottom, in the bottom half of the first -- of the page, from Eileen Spaulding to Karen Harper on March 1 of 2010, do you see that?

Q. And Ms. Spalding says, "Karen, is our suspicious order monitoring program up and running, question mark?" Do you see that?

Q. Is there a reason that Ms. Spalding would not have been aware by this point as far as whether the program was up and running?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 32 is a single page of e-mails bearing Bates MNK-T1 0000301439. In the bottom part of the page there is an e-mail from you to Steve Horner copying some other folks. "Steve, I inquired about turning the exceeds 30-day Cum Avg flag logic off from the report, but before I submit an ASR, I need to verify that the logic for calculating the target average quantity is sum of orders for past 18 months divided by the total number of orders in that period." Correct?

Q. What is -- what are you referring to when you talk about turning the exceeds 30-day Cum Avg flag logic off?

Q. What was the intent, and in what way were you concerned that the data was not reliable?

Q. You don't recall either -- what the intent was of requesting that cumulative average?

Q. Okay. And what was the aspect of the output of the report that caused you to question whether it was a good metric?

Q. Okay. Mr. Rausch responds to your e-mail by saying, "Cathy, should it be 2 X?" And you respond that, "I think the expectation is that 2 X is an appropriate threshold limit, and I do believe the program is doing that calculation properly." Correct?

Q. And this is, again, several months after the SOM was implemented, correct?

Q. Does this refresh your recollection as to whether the factor that was used as part of the SOM when it was initially implemented was two times some historical average?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 33 is a multi-page string of e-mails beginning with Bates MNK-T1 0000279975. The only question I have for you is -- concerns your e-mail that's on the first page of that exhibit in the middle of the page that says, "How's progress on the revised suspicious order monitoring program going?" Do you see that?

Q. Now, this e-mail is dated August 9, 2010.

Q. Do you recall there being revisions to the specific -- to the suspicious order monitoring program under consideration in August of 2010?

Q. Do you recall any revisions to the SOM being made after it was implemented in October of 2010 -- 2009?

Q. Okay. Do you recall any revisions to the SOM as initially implemented being suggested by anyone, to your knowledge?

Q. Okay. Any idea what would have prompted you to ask Karen Harper how progress on the revised suspicious order monitoring program was going in August of 2010?

Q. Okay. But you don't -- independent of that title, you don't have a recollection of that?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 34 is a five-page document beginning on Bates MNK-T1 0000477889. It's encaptioned "Suspicious Order Monitoring Program, Dosage Products Shipments From Hobart, Activities 10/2008 through 6/2010," with the 6/2010 date struck through. Do you see that?

Q. Updated 8/2010. First question, do you recognize any of the handwriting on this document?

Q. Okay. On the first page in the -- about the middle of the page, there's handwriting that says, "DEA Albany verbally requests quarterly updates of all orders we have reviewed as peculiar." Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall being aware at any point of that request from DEA Albany?

Q. Do you recall being aware at any point that any updates were being provided to DEA of orders that had been reviewed as peculiar?

Q. Okay. If you turn to the third page of that exhibit, the top of page 3 of 4, there's an entry under the date 7/13/2009. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And it says, "Work continues with IS on algorithms. E-mail follows from Cathy Stewart. I'm getting confused," series of dots, "can you set up some time to talk about this tomorrow if this doesn't make sense?" It goes on to say, "Numbers have to be the sum of actual order for the respective months. Numbers have to be in monthly buckets. As I see it," series of dots, and then there's "month" and a series of numeric entries.

Q. Below that there's text that states, "This was. We can see that this customer has gradually increased their ordering quantity from 100 a month to 175 per month over the course of the past two years. There may be a legitimate business reason for this, but we need to investigate and make sure they're not just gradually increasing their order quantities to not get caught by the 2 X formula threshold." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall sending this e-mail?

Q. Do you recall ever expressing any concerns regarding whether a customer could avoid the -- strike that. Do you recall ever expressing any concerns requesting whether a customer could, through gradual increases, avoid getting caught by the 2 X formula threshold?

Q. And in what context can you recall expressing that concern?

Q. Okay. And when you say "we" in that setting, you mean the SOM team?

Q. Okay. And were there any algorithms that were employed to try to address that concern?

Q. Okay. If you turn to the next page, page 4 of 5, there's an entry under 4/30/10, about two-thirds of the way down the page.

Q. It says, "Peculiar order calculation changed from 2 X factor to 3 X factor." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall that occurring in April of 2010, the factor changing from 2 X to 3 X?

Q. Do you recall there being any discussions at any point to which you were a party concerning whether the factor should be changed to 3 X?

Q. In the course of the formulation of the SOM as it was implemented in October of 2009, do you recall anyone on the team at any point suggesting that the appropriate factor should be 3 X rather than 2 X?

Q. Okay. And I think as we've already seen, when the SOM was initially implemented in October of 2009, the factor was 2 X, correct?

Q. Who would have had authority to change that from 2 X to 3 X?

Q. Now, the concern regarding a gradual increase --

Q. -- being a means by -- to circumvent the operation of the -- of the SOM, that concern would, if anything, be heightened if the factor were 3 X compared to 2 X, wouldn't it?

Q. So after April of 2010, there was still a period of time when you functioned as customer service manager for API, correct?

Q. And so during that period of time after April of 2010, you would have received on a daily basis the peculiar order report, correct?

Q. Were you aware after April of 2010 that the -- that the factor used to generate that report had been changed from 2 X to 3 X?

Q. Okay. But you don't recall that?

Q. Okay. Do you know how you would have become aware of it?

Q. Okay. Do you know if the change from 2 X to 3 X on the factor had any implication for how you or the CSRs that you supervised reviewed the peculiar order reports that you received after April of 2010?

Q. Do you know if the CSRs that you supervised were aware that the factor had been changed from 2 X to 3 X?

Q. And I'm sorry, do you mean you don't believe they were aware of it?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 35 is a 13-page document beginning with Bates MNK-T1 0000477900, and it's encaptioned "Suspicious Order Monitoring Program, Dosage Product Shipments from Hobart, Activities 8/08 through 8/2010." And this appears to be a somewhat more detailed version of the document we just looked at. I have a couple of questions for you on it. On the first page, the entry at 1/27/2009 at the bottom of the page, it says, "Cathy Stewart begins working with our information service group to develop an electronic system modeled after HDMA guideline, attached, pages 7 and 8." Do you know what the HDMA guideline is?

Q. Okay. On the next page, page 2 of 13, there's an entry 2/13/2009, "Mallinckrodt SOM team conducts a conference call with drug and chemical advisory group, Frank Sapienza and colleagues, to review Mallinckrodt draft revised SOM." Do you recall participating in

Q. Do you know who he is?

Q. Okay. If you turn to page 6 of 13, there's an e-mail 8/10/10 date. Under that it says, "E-mail copy to Pat Duft from Karen Harper."

Q. Who was Pat Duft, if you know?

Q. Okay. And it says, "The suspicious order monitoring team has resumed meetings and is reviewing existing Cognos data to determine how chargeback information could be collected to enhance the program based on DEA conversation detailed below." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall any discussions as part of the SOM team at any point with respect to whether chargeback data could be used to identify peculiar or suspicious orders?

Q. Do you know if there came a time when chargeback info -- well, strike that. Do you know what chargeback information is?

Q. Okay. Do you recall ever using for any purpose any report that was referred to as a chargeback report?

Q. Okay. And what was that? A chargeback report?

Q. Okay. Do you know what the nature is -- was of the chargeback data that Mallinckrodt compiled with respect to its distributors?

Q. Do you know if there ever came to be a time that Mallinckrodt used chargeback data as part of its suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. If you turn to page 10 of 13, there is an excerpt from an e-mail from Kate Muhlenkamp. Who was Kate Muhlenkamp?

Q. Okay. And down below the Internet link that's cited, there's a paragraph that says, "Additionally, it came to our attention that Sunrise Wholesaler's DEA license was suspended pending further investigation." Is that a circumstance you can recall being familiar with?

Q. Okay. The following paragraph says, "The two wholesaler/distributor license suspensions led us to do a more in-depth analysis of Covidien's oxycodone sales in the state of Florida. We specifically focused on doctors' offices and pain clinics. It appears that Harvard and Sunrise were the dominant players in this market, with over 50 percent of total sales coming from this market." Do you recall being aware of the in-depth analysis of oxycodone sales in the state of Florida that Ms. Muhlenkamp refers to in that paragraph?

Q. I take it you didn't participate in that analysis?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 36 is a three-page string of e-mails beginning with Bates MNK-T1 0000290583. The subject -- these e-mails are from May of 2008, and the subject matter is Frank's Lab in Ocala, Florida. Do you recall any issues regarding Frank's Lab in Ocala, Florida?

Q. Okay. So if we look at the first e-mail, which -- the earliest in time on the third page, from Brenda Rehkop to Kate Muhlenkamp and a copy to you. Do you see it?

Q. And it says, "Kate, Joe," at a certain phone number, "wants to open a new account for Frank's Labs to purchase opium powder. They usually order from Medisca, PCCA or Spectrum, but all of these facilities are refusing to order opium for him and stating it is too risky. Joe heard about the new account in Las Vegas who now purchases opium directly from Mallinckrodt and wants to start doing the same thing." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall any of those circumstances at all?

Q. Okay. You forwarded that e-mail to Ms. Harper and Mr. Ratliff for their information, right?

Q. And then Mr. Ratliff responded, "Cathy, first, how do we know he's too risky? What is the source? Second, if this is the case, we would be highly criticized by DEA if others in the industry consider him too risky, and we were to provide him a Schedule II." Correct?

Q. And Mr. Ratliff there, Schedule II, he's referring to opium being a Schedule II --

Q. -- controlled substance?

Q. And then you -- you forwarded an e-mail to Ms. Muhlenkamp asking, how can we quantify what the other providers have in support of their claim that he's too risky? And Ms. Muhlenkamp ultimately responds, her initial thought is that "the customer might not be worth it to ship to, not just quality-wise but quantity-wise, but I will firm that up tomorrow." Do you recall ever -- what the outcome of this -- this process was?

Q. Now, looking back at Ms. Rehkop's first e-mail, who is Medisca?

Q. And PCCA?

Q. Okay. So they were all distributor customers of --

Q. Okay. And was opium powder a bulk product or a dosage product?

Q. Okay. And Ms. Rehkop in her e-mail, the last sentence, says, "Joe heard about the new account in Las Vegas who now purchases opium directly from Mallinckrodt." Do you know what she's referring to there?

Q. So in terms of parties -- customers who would have purchased opium directly from Mallinckrodt, would those have been either distributors or chain pharmacies?

Q. And does the compounding pharmacy have a -- is it registered with the DEA as such?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 37 is a multi-page e-mail string beginning on Bates MNK-T1 0000290621, and it's a series of e-mails concerning a prospective new AT clinic, Sunwest Behavioral, in El Paso, Texas. If you -- if we look back at the first -- the earliest e-mail from Pat Wall on May 14th of 2008 --

Q. -- Pat says, "David Magno just called customer service. He said that you told him to call customer service to obtain new customer account forms for his addiction treatment clinic, Sunwest Behavioral Health Organization," with a phone number and a fax. "I have faxed him the two new account applications and explained that we would need

Q. Okay. You received a copy of that e-mail and forwarded it to Mr. Ratliff and Ms. Harper asking would they consider this peculiar, correct?

Q. And what is it about it that caused you to seek their input as to whether they considered it peculiar?

Q. Okay. And the next e-mail Mr. Ratliff responds, saying, "This could rise to the level of peculiar. Sunrise -- Sunwest has a nice web page. It states they're accredited by the El Paso Mental Health and Mental Retardation provider network. It turns out that the Texas State Health Services Department is investigating the relationship between the El Paso Mental Health and Mental Retardation -- received state funds and a subsidiary, Sun City Behavioral Health Care." In the following paragraph he says, "Sunwest could well be legitimate, but I would like to know how long they have been in existence and their reason for coming to us." And then you respond by asking, "It is my next step to see if the sales rep who supports them, Pete Romer, can answer these questions." Do you see that?

Q. Does that refresh your recollection as to who Mr. Romer was?

Q. Okay. And Mr. Ratliff tells you, yes, and that he's continuing to look at federal government funding, correct?

Q. You then, on May 14th, sent an e-mail to Pete Romer saying that "we'd like you to see if you can obtain additional information with respect to how long Sunwest has been in business and their reason for coming to Mallinckrodt," correct?

Q. And then Mr. Romer responded to you on May -- on May 14th, approximately -- well, less than an hour later, correct?

Q. And you forwarded that information ultimately to Mr. Ratliff, who forward -- sent an e-mail to Ms. Harper saying, "Determination made, the account is not peculiar or suspicious based on information supplied by the salesman," correct?

Q. And do you have any independent recollection of any of these communications other than what's reflected in these e-mails?

Q. Okay. And do you know if ultimately Sunwest Behavioral became a customer of Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 38 is a four-page e-mail thread beginning at MNK-Tl 0002908302, and the e-mails concerns Gramercy Park Medical. Do you have any recollection of Gramercy Park Medical?

Q. If we look on the e-mail -- the earliest e-mail on the third page of the exhibit, from Connie Gregory to Brenda Rehkop, copied to you and Susan Marlatt --

Q. -- and Mike Perry. First of all, who was Connie Gregory?

Q. Okay. Do you recall who Susan Marlatt was?

Q. Who was that?

Q. Okay. How about Mike Perry?

Q. Okay. Connie Gregory says, "FYI, have left another message for Raymond on his cell to call. We informed him account was still on hold, and the amount past due is now" -- and there's a dollar amount. Seems perhaps to be blurred a little where the comma is located.

Q. "Dates back to January. Unable to leave message at clinic office since mailbox is full and he just stepped out." You forwarded that e-mail to Ms. Harper. "Help. Give me some guidance. Do you want information like this for evaluation as well?" What did you mean by that?

Q. I see. As compared to simply credit?

Q. All right. And Ms. Harper responds that she -- she did want that information --

Q. -- correct? And Ms. Marlatt then responds by noting that some cash poor methadone clinics have some problems paying their bills?

Q. And Mr. Ratliff, on the first page of the exhibit, says, "Susan, thank you for your insight; however, being unable to contact them for six months and the product being methadone, in our opinion, would place it in the suspicious category." And did you agree with that?

Q. And then Ms. Harper asks Robert Lesnak and Mike Neely for their input regarding the status of Gramercy Park and their perspective on credit issues and whether the customer activity is suspicious, correct?

Q. Who was Robert Lesnak?

Q. And how about Mike Neely?

Q. Okay. So as of June 3, Mr. Mr. Ratliff had already indicated in his in his view, the order was suspicious, correct?

Q. And is there a reason to -- for Ms. Harper to then have gotten further input from Mr. Lesnak or Mr. Neely on that topic?

Q. Would you view that as unusual?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 39 is a single-page series of e-mails bearing Bates MNK-T1 0003027927. And direct your attention to -- it appears to be e-mails regarding the results of the FedEx weekly investigation report. Was that a report that you had familiarity with?

Q. Okay. Well, on August 19 you sent to Lance Frutiger and Philip Wolf an e-mail. "I have a question. What qualifies as an incorrect signature? Does it actually validate that it's really my signature, or does it just validate that it's my name and anyone could have signed it?" Correct?

Q. And who were Lance Frutiger and Philip Wolf?

Q. Okay. And Mr. Frutiger responded to you, "I don't believe the couriers actually ask for ID when they get a signature." And then you forwarded that to Ms. Harper asking, "Is this an acceptable practice if what Lance is saying is true?" Correct?

Q. So the concern here is that someone at a clinic could sign for a package and not really be the right person?

Q. Do you recall what Ms. Harper -- what, if any, response you received from Ms. Harper on this?

Q. Do you recall if there were ever any safeguards put into place that you were aware of to address the concern that an improper person might sign for a narcotics delivery?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 40 is an e-mail with attachments beginning on Bates MNK-T1 0000449552. And the e-mail is from Sara Heideman to yourself and Charity Aranda. Who was Sara Heideman, if you recall?

Q. Okay. In any event, the e-mail, which is dated May -- February 17, 2009, the subject is ABC cancellation analysis. The e-mail says, "Charity and I have just finished look at the ABC orders, and we found three SKUs in which ABC had significantly overordered over the last couple of weeks. We have looked at the individual DCs normalized monthly demand, September through November of '08, and have left open for each DC approximately 1.5 months of that quantity, and we propose to approach ABC to cancel of excess orders completely. The total dollar impact of canceling these orders is $6.1 million." Correct?

Q. So do you know what Ms. Heideman meant by -- when she said that ABC had "significantly overordered" over the last couple of weeks?

Q. Well, did you have an understanding when you received this e-mail as to what overordered meant?

Q. Do you know if it meant ordered in excess of what the form 222 provided for?

Q. Okay. But these were orders that had already been filled, correct?

Q. And DC means?

Q. Okay. The e-mail goes on to say, "These orders are shown in the attached spreadsheet as well as a summary tab for each of the SKUs. I am thinking that we may want to involve Steve Becker on this one since is involves a significant overordering across all of the DCs and multiple SKUs." Who was Steve Becker?

Q. Do you have any recollection of the circumstances that are addressed in this e-mail with the attachment?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Ms. Stewart, Exhibit 41 is a one-page e-mail bearing Bates MNK-T1 0003037286. It's an e-mail from you to Karen Harper concerning a fentanyl order from Watson. Do you recall the order that's referenced in this e-mail?

Q. Okay. The e-mail says that "Paul from Watson called. Wanted to place an order for 8 kilograms of fentanyl and bring it in on a research license because they were out of quota. They wanted to do this so after January 1st when they had their 2010 quota, they could then transfer the material to their manufacturing license, if that's even possible. They were informed that we would not accept this order, adding that an order for that quantity of fentanyl would have to be brought in on a manufacturer's license with a 222 form in support of the purchase. Paul was going to check with his compliance person. Was told that he could do so; however, under our guidelines the order would likely not be accepted unless he agreed to send a letter stating that the material would not be used for the manufacture of product." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. Do you -- do you recall there being any circumstances in which an order was received from a -- from a manufacturer out of quota in which that manufacturer was permitted to buy under a research license -- a research registration with a letter stating that the material would not be used for the manufacture of product?

Q. Do you know if this order was filled?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 42 is a two-page e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0003025905. And if you look at the initial e-mail, which is at the bottom -- begins at the bottom of the first page, it's from a Tim Gray at SJ Investments asking for pricing on 1 kilogram of fentanyl, correct?

Q. Okay. And that e-mail ultimately was forwarded to you by Camille Pokorny --

Q. -- stating, "Cathy, not sure how to handle. How are we checking out customers that are new or old that need to be reactivated? This customer is wanting to purchase fentanyl citrate, 1 kilogram. They're located in Baltimore, Maryland." You respond, asking what the name of the company is. "I think it's a little suspicious to get a message about this product from an iPhone under the circumstances, and I'm also suspicious about the company name, SJ Investments. Doesn't sound like a pharma company to me. If that's who's requesting the quote, just confirm that for me and I'll check into them." And then you e-mailed Karen Harper to say you're suspect and don't know that you want to sell a kilogram of fentanyl to an investment company. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know if this order was filled?

Q. Any recollection of SJ Investments attempting to place an order for fentanyl?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 43 is a one-page e-mail bearing Bates MNK-Tl 0000968496, an e-mail from you to Charity Aranda, subject Sunrise chargebacks. And you say, "Charity, here is the chargeback file I used." I think you testified a little earlier today regarding looking at chargeback data with respect to a customer. Does this refresh your recollection as to whether that customer was Sunrise?

Q. Okay. Do you think it -- could this be a second example of your use of chargeback data?

Q. But in any event, you did use chargeback data in this example, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you recall the purpose you used it for?

Q. Okay. All right. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 44 is a two-page e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0003028219. And the subject matter of the e-mail is Sunrise Wholesale. Do you see that?

Q. And the bottom of the first page there's an e-mail from Ms. Rehkop to Victor Borelli, copied to you, indicating that Sunrise has sent in three 222 forms this week for C-II products. Second paragraph says, "The 222 forms total $195,000. I have put the latest and largest order on hold. It is also waiting to be allocated until I hear from you. Were you expecting Sunrise to place such a large order, two question marks, and do they really want 2,520 bottles of oxycodone HCL 30-milligram tabs USP, 100 count each, two question marks?" You were copied on that e-mail. You forwarded it to Ms. Harper and Mr. Ratliff, copying Ms. Rehkop, stating, "FYI, this is a new customer." You then forwarded the e-mail to -- to -- again to Mr. Ratliff and Ms. Harper, stating that "FYI, the customer service reps all state that Victor will tell them anything they want to hear just so he can get the sale." Do you recall reporting that to Mr. Ratliff and Ms. Harper?

Q. Okay. Do you recall hearing that from customer service reps, that Mr. Borelli would tell them anything they want to hear just to get the sale?

Q. And who can you recall hearing that from?

Q. Okay. Did that cause you concern?

Q. What you said was that "Victor will tell them anything they want to hear." The "them" in that sentence --

Q. Okay. So the customer service reps were telling that you Mr. Borelli -- or at least one of the customer service reps was telling you that Mr. Borelli would tell the customer service reps anything they wanted to hear --

Q. -- just so he could get the sale?

Q. And would that include, for example, if they went to Mr. Borelli to get further information about the customer to evaluate a peculiar order?

Q. Well, in light of what one or more of the customer service reps had told you about Mr. Borelli, would you would have been hesitant to rely on information received from him with respect to an order that had been identified as peculiar for -- out of concern that he would provide information in support of the order, perhaps unreliably?

Q. So the -- the report you received from one or more customer service reps that you're referring to in your e-mail that you send to Mr. Ratliff and Ms. Harper, was that -- were those reports solely in the context of the Sunrise Wholesale account?

Q. Do you recall -- I mean, in your e-mail you stated in the plural that "the customer service reps all state."

Q. This makes it sound like you'd received more than one such report.

Q. Okay. And that would likely be orders that involved -- that were not limited to just Sunrise Wholesale?

Q. Okay. Did you hear back from Mr. Ratliff or Ms. Harper on -- in response to your e-mail concerning Mr. Borelli?

Q. Now, you had sent your May 20th e-mail at 12:15 p.m., and then the e-mail concerning Mr. Borelli is sent

Q. -- about -- better than seven and a half hours later, right? So apparently it was something that was on your mind late, you know, that evening --

Q. -- on that topic. Do you recall what it was that triggered you to go back and say, well, let me send a follow-up e-mail to Mr. Ratliff and Ms. Harper on this topic?

Q. And again, you don't recall receiving a response from them on it?

Q. Exhibit 45 is a three-page document, series of e-mails beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000290601. And these are also e-mails concerning Sunrise Wholesale from May of 2008. And it appears that -- these e-mails, this was at the time when Sunrise Wholesale was a new -- potential new account, correct?

Q. And on the bottom of the second page onto the third page of the exhibit is the e-mail from Ms. Rehkop to Mr. Borelli that we looked at in the prior exhibit where she talks about the multiple 222 forms and that they total $195,000, correct?

Q. In response, Mr. Borelli asks, "What credit level did they receive?"

Q. And ultimately Rhonda Hart, on the first page of the exhibit, responds to that that "their credit limit is $35,000. If the order is $195,000, it will need approval from upper management before it can be released." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And Mr. Ratliff, in the first e-mail -- well, the top e-mail on the first page, says to Ms. Harper, "This seems to be a lot of product for the first order, especially in light of the new customer status and credit limit. Do you know if they completed the D&B?" Do you see that?

Q. And the D&B would be a Dun & Bradstreet report?

Q. And so that would basically be

Q. Okay. Do you know what the status was -- ultimately, was this order filled?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 46 is a two-page document, a series of e-mails beginning at MNK-T1 0000307120, and these also concern Sunrise. If you look at the earliest e-mail on the second page from Mr. Borelli to Kate Muhlenkamp, it indicates that Sunrise has been growing in sales each month and that beginning in -- well, the e-mail stated November of 2008, and states that "beginning in January, we can raise our projections for Sunrise to 3,000 bottles monthly of oxy 15-milligram and 12,000 bottles of oxy 30-milligram." Correct?

Q. And then Mr. Adams forwarded that e-mail to you saying, "For the suspicious order monitoring, this is a potential increase on the horizon."

Q. Do you recall receiving that?

Q. Okay. When you received that e-mail from Mr. Adams, at that point what steps would you have taken to respond to that piece of information?

Q. Okay. And do you know if, in fact, increases in Sunrise's order size of the type Mr. Borelli was projecting were received?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 47 is a single-page series of e-mails bearing Bates MNK-T1 0000418851. And the first e-mail on the bottom half of the page is an e-mail from Mr. Ratliff to a number of individuals discussing an audit of Sunrise distributors. Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall this audit occurring?

Q. Okay. So Mr. Ratliff says, "Karen and Cathy will complete a customer checklist and develop logical questions and areas for the audit." Do you recall doing that?

Q. And then a little later on it says, "An audit report will be generated by Cathy/Karen." Do you recall participating in that process?

Q. Okay. Mr. Adams sends -- at the top e-mail on the page, the e-mail from Mr. Adams to Mr. Gunning, saying, "As part of the investigation into oxy use in Florida, an audit of Sunrise is part of the due diligence. The assumption is they are doing everything above board and no issues, but DEA, when alerted to the suspicious order monitoring red flag, indicated it would be a good idea to have an audit." Do you know what the suspicious order monitoring red flag is that Mr. Adams is referring to there?

Q. And do you have any recollection of the outcome of this audit?

Q. All right. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 48 is a single-page e-mail bearing Bates MNK-Tl 0000290065, and it's an e-mail from yourself to Ms. Harper, Mr. Ratliff, copying a number of individuals, concerning Sunrise chargeback summary. And the body of the e-mail says, "Please review the attached summary worksheet. I took the chargeback file marketing provided and removed pharmacies. Then I removed purchases of methadone and various other materials." Next paragraph says, "I tried to identify all the duplicate accounts, first name/last name, last name/first name, and merged the associated data together." Do you recall performing this analysis?

Q. As you look at it today, do you know what the purpose of the analysis would have been?

Q. Do you recall why you used chargeback data to conduct this analysis?

Q. Do you recall performing a similar analysis with respect to any other customers?

Q. Do you recall if there was any follow-up that anyone who received this analysis from you requested?

Q. Okay. All right. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 49 is a multi-page PowerPoint presentation beginning with Bates MNK-Tl 0000304563. It's entitled "Mallinckrodt Controlled Substance Suspicious Order Monitoring Program, Introductory Training for Field Sales, June 5, 2008." Do you recall participating in the preparation of any aspect of this presentation?

Q. Do you recall presenting any training to any Mallinckrodt employees on the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Okay. Who do you recall presenting it to?

Q. Okay. And did you employ a PowerPoint deck --

Q. -- similar to Exhibit 49?

Q. Okay. And were there -- were there sale -- I'm sorry. Were there training presentations made to various groups at Mallinckrodt on the suspicious order monitoring program from time to time?

Q. In any event, the only one you can recall participating in is the one involving the API sales reps?

Q. Okay. What was the purpose of that training?

Q. And do you recall the approximate time frame of when you conducted that training?

Q. Exhibit 50 is a single-page document, series of e-mails bearing Bates MNK-T1 0002052682. The first e-mail, dated September 17, 2009, from you to Karen Harper, asks Ms. Harper to review and make appropriate revisions to the attached draft. Ms. Harper responds that "the presentation looks great. New slides on DEA regulatory action taken with Masters and suspicious order monitoring. FAQ and checklist are very good." Does this e-mail relate to modifications you made to a presentation to be -- to be made as part of the training that you conducted?

Q. What was it concerning?

Q. Okay. Training on the on the suspicious order --

Q. Okay. Great. And so this is in September of '09. Was the training that you conducted as to the API salespeople, was it before this? Do you know?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 51 is a single -- single-page document containing e-mails from September 2008 bearing MNK-T1 0000564481. The primary e-mail is from Ms. Muhlenkamp to yourself copying Mr. Gunning concerning an oxycodone Walmart shipment. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall the circumstances that are discussed in Ms. Muhlenkamp's e-mail?

Q. Okay. She indicates that she was "reviewing orders that were shipped out, parens, impromptu for this month of September, and I noticed that the shipments that actually went out did not tie to what I had on my allocation list. We were off by 2,340 bottles." What is impromptu; do you know?

Q. Okay. Do you recall this circumstance, that there was a shipment that was off by 2,340 bottles?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 52 is a multi-page series of e-mails beginning at MNK-Tl 0003027585, and the subject matter in the e-mails is methadone order for China, Colonial Walmart Trailer. Direct your attention to your e-mail that's on the -- starts on the bottom of the third page of the exhibit --

Q. -- dated March 5th of 2009. And you say, "A couple weeks ago we moved about six pallets of 500-gram methadone bottles to Hobart to make room in Building 5 until we were ready to ship this to China. We now have contracts in place, and this sale can transpire." In the next paragraph you describe, "Colonial will drop the Walmart trailer at security through the night Friday into early Saturday morning. On the tail of this truck will be six pallets of methadone for China." Do you recall any of these circumstances of this particular order?

Q. You go on to say, "On Saturday morning, March 7th, John Spatz will notify security and the spotter that we are ready to move this truck from Mallinckrodt's street opposite Z building to the dock area in Building 5. The seal will be broken, and the six pallets of methadone will be offloaded. The Colonial truck will then be resealed with the extra seal Hobart will place inside the trailer after the seal number has been recorded on the Walmart paperwork and placed back into the trailer. The spotter will then move the trailer back to the Mallinckrodt street location awaiting pickup by Colonial on Sunday." Do you recall why you would have been sending an e-mail with this detailed information on the logistics of this shipment?

Q. Okay. And what aspect of your job responsibilities did -- touched on dealing with this kind of shipping logistic?

Q. Okay. Do you remember who asked you to get involved in this?

Q. All right. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 53 is a two-page document bearing Bates MNK-T1 0002906694. It's an e-mail from you to Karen Harper, copying Mike Pheney and Penny Myers, concerning an overshipment of methadone to Albert Einstein College of Medicine. Do you recall the circumstances that are described in your e-mail?

Q. Okay. You indicate in the e-mail that -- in the first paragraph you indicate, "This resulted in the violation of the DEA regulations in that we overshipped against the 222 form by three bottles." Correct?

Q. And in the next to last paragraph you say, "While it would be far too complicated to try to explain all the details in this e-mail. In summary, fulfilment of the three lines on this 222 form required four orders and 17 transactions. The forms and multiple Post-it note instructions became very confusing and opened us to the potential for errors that could ultimately result in DEA sanctions." In your next paragraph you say, "As a result, I would like to revisit our practice of allowing multiple ship dates on a single 222 form." Is that one of the topics you discussed earlier in terms of clearing the 222 form?

Q. Okay. After the final shipment?

Q. And so the problem that's described in the -- this exhibit, your January 22, 2009 e-mail, in your view was a result of clearing the 222 form line by line?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 54 is a three-page document, series of e-mails beginning Bates MNK-T1 0002906294. The -- if we look back -- if we look at the second page of the exhibit, there's an e-mail from Karen Harper to you discussing an AmerisourceBergen shortage discrepancy of 84 100-count oxycodone 5-milligram tablets, correct?

Q. And what's meant by a "shortage discrepancy" in this context?

Q. Okay. So they received 84 bottles fewer than they were expecting?

Q. Or that they had ordered?

Q. Okay. In your e-mail on the bottom of the first page, March 6th of '09, you say, "This is definitely a process that needs to be refined. I agree there is a lot of opportunity for improvement on the part of the CSRs and the overall process that's been in place to date." Do you recall this circumstance arising back in '09?

Q. You conclude your e-mail by saying, "Set something up and we can nail it down," which appears to be a discussion you want to have with -- to include Ms. Spalding in, correct?

Q. Do you recall if that occurred?

Q. Okay. All right. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 55 is a two-page document, series of e-mails, beginning with MNK-T1 0000290570, and it concerns a series of e-mails that concern a robbery that occurred at Aegis Medical Systems. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall that event?

Q. Do you recall any other robberies or theft of product being reported by any customers --

Q. -- in regards to narcotics?

Q. All right. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 56 is a single-page e-mail bearing Bates MNK TNSTA05122094, an e-mail exchange between you and Karen Harper from August of 2011. In her e-mail Ms. Harper says, "On Friday, Mike Santowski told me he had gotten directional approval from Tom Berry to add a person for suspicious order monitoring; however, it is shaping up to be a data analyst-type person." Who was Mike Santowski?

Q. Okay. And who was Tom Berry?

Q. Okay. Had you requested that there be a person added for suspicious order monitoring?

Q. Okay. Ms. Harper goes on to say, "As a justification process moves forward, I will tell you know if the roles and responsibilities are beefed up to a higher band." Do you know what she meant by that?

Q. Okay. "Sorry that this is not in the ballpark for your consideration. I wish it could have worked out because I place a high value the contributions you could potentially make to the program." Is Ms. Harper identifying this as a position that you would likely not be interested in because of the salary level?

Q. Okay. Had you expressed to Ms. Harper an interest in moving to a suspicious order monitoring position?

Q. Okay. Had you expressed an interest in changing the your job responsibilities at this time frame?

Q. And you say in response, "Thanks for your information. We shall see what lies ahead." Was this about the time you transitioned from customer service to transportation?

Q. Okay. All right. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 57 is a multi-page document, a series of e-mails, beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000562682, and it concerns a customer named Masters. And if you turn to the one, two, three, fourth page of the exhibit, the next to last page, there's an e-mail from you to Karen Harper on June 3, 2008, indicating "this is a significant increase in volume, ten times. Apparently their other supplier is unable to get product to them." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall this circumstance at all?

Q. Okay. Ms. Harper responds to you that "if Masters Pharmacy is an existing established account in good standing, and given the valid business reason that the other supplier cannot fulfill orders, there's no opposition from the DEA compliance suspicious order monitoring perspective to servicing the customer." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And on the prior page, your June 3, 2008 e-mail to Kate Muhlenkamp says, "My biggest concern at this point is the sheer increase in volumes that they're ordering now." Do you recall having that concern?

Q. Okay. Ms. Muhlenkamp responds to you, "Understood, and we are working through that. They insist that they have the demand and that this was a true shift from Actavis to us as a result of Actavis supply issues." Do you see that?

Q. And who was Actavis?

Q. Okay. And so the understanding was that Actavis could not supply this customer, and therefore they came to Mallinckrodt?

Q. On the first page of the document, there's an e-mail from Mr. Ratliff: "By way of information, Kate, Vic, Karen and I discussed the large increase in volume being generated by Masters Pharmaceutical, Cincinnati, Ohio, as a result in interrupted -- an interrupted supply by another vendor. It was determined that Masters has been a customer for approximately one and one-half years with no issues. They order approximately 91 SKUs from Covidien at any given time. Currently they're ordering approximately 2,000 bottles of oxycodone from us, with a recent order increasing substantially to 24,000 bottles." Do you see that?

Q. It goes on to say, "Both Kate and Vic have visited the customer in the last 60 days and were able to determine Masters was ordering a large amount from another vendor, much larger than our current level of supply." And do you know who he means by "Kate and Vic"?

Q. Okay. "It was determined that Actavis cannot supply customers with oxycodone at this time in the 15- and 30-milligram product because of a recall. Supposition would indicate that the other supplier is Actavis, based on their market share." And the top of the page there's an e-mail from Mr. Gunning, "It looks like everyone is okay with Masters," correct?

Q. And do you know if that was the resolution, that the order would be filled?

Q. Okay. Do you know if there was any effort to contact Actavis to find out if, in fact, they were the supplier and were, in fact, unable to supply Masters with this order?

Q. Okay. You don't have any information on this beyond what's contained in Exhibit 57?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can put that aside.

Q. Ms. Stewart, I just want to follow up a couple follow-up questions concerning Exhibit 62 that you just looked at with counsel a few moments ago. I'm looking at your e-mail that's at the bottom of the first page of Exhibit 62 --

Q. -- in which you ask Ms. Harper, "Based on the feedback we got about verifying whether or not our customers' customers have an SOM program in place, can you confirm whether or not that is a requirement?" Correct?

Q. So if I understand this correctly, you were asking Ms. Harper whether there was a requirement to determine whether your customer's customer had a suspicious order monitoring program in place, correct?

Q. Okay. And then Ms. Harper responded, "The regulations only require that the registrant, assumed to be us in this case, maintain a suspicious order monitoring program and do not require that we confirm our customers have a suspicious order monitoring program." Correct?

Q. So did you understand Ms. Harper to be informing you that the DEA regulations did not require determining whether Mallinckrodt's customer had a suspicious order monitoring program in place?

Q. Okay. And did you take that to also mean that there was no requirement -- no DEA requirement that Mallinckrodt take any step to verify whether its customer's customer had a suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Did you have an understanding, based on information from Ms. Harper or otherwise, with respect to whether Mallinckrodt had any -- any obligation under the DEA regulations to take any steps to monitor the actions that its customers took to guard against diversion of product after those products had been purchased from Mallinckrodt and possession was taken by the customers?

Q. Yes. Did you have any understanding from Ms. Harper or otherwise with respect to whether Mallinckrodt had any obligation under DEA regulations to monitor to any extent what, if any, actions its customers took to prevent the diversion of narcotics that those customers had purchased from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And as far as you know, in your -- to the extent you participated in suspicious order monitoring by Mallinckrodt, you didn't take any steps to ascertain what, if any, steps Mallinckrodt's customers were taking to guard against diversion of product purchased from Mallinckrodt?
