Witness:  Cheryl Herbold
Attorney: MR. Leniski
Source:   MNKOI0005229277
============================================================

Q. Good morning, Ms. -- is it Herbold?

Q. Okay. Good morning.

Q. Please state your name full legal name.

Q. And where do you currently live?

Q. Yes. •

Q. Okay. And you understand that you are here today testifying pursuant to a subpoena?

Q. And I've handed you -- we've marked two exhibits. The first exhibit is Exhibit 1 to your deposition. Do you recognize that document?

Q. And is that a copy of the subpoena that you received in this matter?

Q. Okay. And then Exhibit 2 is the Notice of Deposition for your appearance today. Do you recognize that document as well?

Q. Okay. When did you first learn that you would have to sit for a deposition in this case?

Q. Okay. And then when was the first time you talked to a lawyer with respect to the subpoena?

Q. And who was the lawyer that you spoke to about the subpoena?

Q. With Ropes & Gray?

Q. Did she call you or did you call her?

Q. Okay. Did you have a preexisting relationship with this individual?

Q. Okay. How did you know to talk to that individual?

Q. Okay. Which one was that?

Q. Okay. And did Mr. Clark tell you he had been deposed in this case?

Q. Okay. Did he tell you that he actually sat for a deposition as well?

Q. Okay. Did you have a chance to talk with Mr. Clark about the substance of his deposition or what questions he was asked, things like that?

Q. Okay. And then he gave you the name of someone to call at Ropes & Gray; is that right?

Q. Okay. When did you learn -- well, what did you do in advance of today to prepare for the deposition?

Q. Okay. Did you look at any documents that you may have had in your possession from your time at Covidien?

Q. Did you look at any documents that were supplied to you by counsel for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Do you know approximately how many documents they showed you?

Q. Okay. And can you say generally, were they e-mails or other types of documents?

Q. Did you recognize the documents?

Q. Okay. When you -- and what was the time period of your employment at Covidien?

Q. Okay. So about a year and a half or so; is that fair?

Q. Okay. Have you ever been deposed before?

Q. Okay. Just a few things about today. We are not going to be here all day, but it's not an endurance test. So if you need

Q. Is that okay?

Q. And I'm actually coming off a cold, full disclosure, so I may be a little bit difficult to understand. If there's something I say that you don't understand or you have a hard time hearing the question, I'm happy to restate or rephrase or just repeat the question for your benefit. But if you answer the questions that I ask, I'll assume you understood. Is that okay?

Q. And then finally, because we have a stenographer here, I'll need you to give verbal answers to my questions.

Q. As opposed to like a nod of the head or a shake of the head or an uh-huh. Like a yes or no or, you know, something like that would be

Q. Okay. Are you represented by counsel at this deposition?

Q. And who are your attorneys for the purposes of the deposition today?

Q. Okay. And is it your understanding these lawyers are your personal lawyers for today's deposition?

Q. Okay. And are you paying for their legal services?

Q. Okay. Do you know who is paying for legal services?

Q. Did you enter any sort of representation agreement with these attorneys?

Q. Okay. And when was that executed?

Q. Okay. Are you under the influence of any medications today?

Q. Is there any reason you can think of that would prevent you from answering my questions completely and honestly today?

Q. I'm going to hand you what we will mark as Exhibit 3. .

Q. Ms. Herbold, I'll represent to you this is a copy of what was produced to plaintiffs in this case as your personnel file during your time at Covidien. I think the first page is our cover page, and then what follows behind it are the documents that were produced to us as being in your personnel file, okay?

Q. Would you turn over -- do you see at the bottom of the page there is a --

Q. Ms. Herbold, on the document Bates stamped 2243, is that a copy of the resume that you submitted to Covidien before you got that job?

Q. Okay. Did you put that together yourself?

Q. Okay. And just looking -- just look at the document. Does that accurately reflect your work history and education history to that point? I guess that would have been 2009.

Q. Okay. So to your knowledge, just looking at that resume, does that appear to accurately reflect your employment and education up to that time?

Q. 0 ay_. And it says Kota went t t e , *Redacted EP!

Q. Okay. Did you grow up in this area?

Q. What -- specifically which part of this area?

Q. And did you pursue any other post-graduate studies?

Q. Okay. Following your employment at Covidien, where did you go to work?

Q. Okay. And what position did you hold there?

Q. And do you sell any pharmaceutical products in that role?

Q. And which pharmaceutical products do you sell? *Redacted - EPI

Q. Do you currently sell any opioid products for Boehringer Ingelheim?

Q. Prior to going to work at Covidien, did you sell any opioid products?

Q. You say you started work at Covidien in -- you said the spring of 2010; is that correct?

Q. And you ended your employment at Covidien, you said, in the fall of 2012, correct?

Q. I'm sorry. 2011, or is it '12?

Q. So just to clarify, you ended your employment with Covidien in --

Q. -- 2011, fall, correct?

Q. Okay. And did you work as a salesperson specializing in pain medicine?

Q. Okay. Were those the only pharmaceutical products that you sold while you worked for Covidien?

Q. And when you worked for Covidien, did it also refer to itself as Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. So you knew your employer to be Covidien. That's what you referred to it when You called it --

Q. When you referred to it?

Q. Okay. At Covidien you sold an opioid product called Exalgo; is that right?

Q. Okay. And throughout your employment, did you understand Exalgo was a brand named opioid product sold by Covidien?

Q. And did you understand that Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals manufactured Exalgo?

Q. Okay. And do you recall what the active opioid ingredient was called in Exalgo?

Q. And is it true Exalgo was known as

Q. Do you recall your employment -- do you recall a brand named opioid being sold called Xartemis?

Q. Did you ever sell Xartemis?

Q. Other than Exalgo, were there any other branded prescription opioid products you sold while working at Covidien?

Q. To your knowledge, during the course of your employment at Covidien, did the company also sell generic prescription opioid products?

Q. Do you recall a product called Roxicodone?

Q. Did you ever have any responsibilities for selling Roxicodone?

Q. Did you have any experience selling prescription opioid products before you came to work at Covidien?

Q. All right. Is it correct that the sales market that was assigned to you at Covidien was Knoxville, Tennessee?

Q. All right. And can you describe for me what that territory -- what geographic footprint that territory had?

Q. Okay. Do you remember how far east your territory extended?

Q. Okay. Would it be fair to say you were familiar with the Knoxville market when you went to work for Covidien?

Q. Had you worked the Knoxville market at your prior employer, Boehringer, before you worked at Covidien?

Q. Okay. Who did you report to when you worked for Covidien?

Q. How long did you report to Mr. Cunningham?

Q. And what was that individual's name?

Q. Did you report to Mr. Dean until your departure from the company?

Q. As a pharmaceutical salesperson for Covidien, did your job require you to visit individuals that Covidien had identified as potential writers for Exalgo prescriptions?

Q. Generally speaking, though, is it true that the call list or target list was put together for you by Covidien?

Q. Did you have any input on the names that were put on the list originally?

Q. Do you know how that list was communicated to you?

Q. Okay. Do you recall -- did you ever refer to prescriptions as scripts while you worked at Covidien?

Q. Okay. I may at some point today inadvertently say scripts as opposed to prescriptions. If I do that, do you understand what I'm talking about?

Q. Okay. The individuals that were identified as potential writers for well, strike that. The individuals on your target list or call list, did you have an understanding that those were potential writers specifically for Exalgo?

Q. Okay. Did you understand that you would be selling Exalgo to all of the individuals on the call list or target list that you received from the company?

Q. Okay. There weren't any individuals on your call list or target list that you understood you were not supposed to be calling on for the purpose of selling Exalgo.

Q. And did those individuals on the call list or target list include doctors?

Q. Okay. Did those lists include any other health care providers, to your knowledge?

Q. Okay. And was it your understanding that Covidien provided you a list of these individuals because it wanted them to write more scripts for Exalgo?

Q. Sure.

Q. The purpose of giving the call list to you as a sales representative was so that you would call on them in the hopes that they would sell more Exalgo or write more scripts for Exalgo.

Q. Your salary, what was your salary as pharmaceutical sales at Covidien?

Q. Was any part of your pay incentive based?

Q. Okay. At Covidien specifically, do you recall how that commission or bonus was determined?

Q. Do you know if any part of that bonus or commission was based on the volume of sales of the products that you were promoting in your territory?

Q. Okay. And when you say growing market share, does that mean increasing the number of scripts written inside your territory?

Q. Okay. What else could it mean other than growing the number of scripts written for the products that you were promoting?

Q. That's okay. That's okay. I'm going to make sure we are understanding each other. So when you said throughout your career most of what you remember about incentive pay was it was based on growing market share of a product, right? Was that your testimony?

Q. And I asked was that -- did that mean, by growing market share, increasing the number of scripts for your products written inside your territory. Is that true?

Q. Okay. Is there any other way to grow market share other than increasing the number of scripts written?

Q. Okay. And Exalgo was one of the products that you understood your bonus or commission would be based on.

Q. Other than increasing market share, were there any other factors in determining your bonus or commission?

Q. Do you remember the names of any of the incentive-based programs that you were a part of at Covidien?

Q. Were there any other incentive-based contests that were used for Exalgo?

Q. Do you remember -- do you recall something called the Sales Incentive Compensation Plan or SICP?

Q. Okay. Were you trained on how to market Exalgo on behalf of Covidien?

Q. When did you receive the initial sales training?

Q. Do you recall approximately how long your initial sales training took, the number of hours?

Q. And was that in classes in St. Louis?

Q. Okay. Tell me, was that -- how many hours of total classroom instruction do you recall receiving for that initial sales training?

Q. So somewhere around 40 hours that week of classroom instruction; is that your recollection?

Q. And then you mentioned home study. How much home study did you do as part of your initial sales training?

Q. How many hours total, do you recall, of home training, home study?

Q. Did you think it was more than ten hours?

Q. When did you receive your advanced training?

Q. Do you recall approximately how long after you started you received the advanced training?

Q. Where was the advanced training done?

Q. Did that also comprise of classroom training?

Q. Do you remember approximately how many hours you spent doing the classroom training for the advanced session?

Q. Was it -- do you think it was more or less than the 40 hours you spent for the initial sales training?

Q. Did the advanced training also include home study?

Q. Do you think that was a week-long session in St. Louis for the advanced training?

Q. Okay. Were you trained to market Exalgo as having a low risk of addiction?

Q. Were you trained to market Exalgo as tamper resistant?

Q. Did Covidien train you to focus on high-volume opioid prescribers in your territory?

Q. Do you recall whether your whether Covidien referred to high-volume opioid prescribers in your territory with a particular title, like top five or three star?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt I'm sorry. Did Covidien give you any specific instructions on how to interact with a prescriber in your territory?

Q. Were you given instruction to perform in-person visits with your targets?

Q. Did you, in fact, perform in-person visits to your targets?

Q. But that was not part of the training you received from Covidien?

Q. Right, and I'm asking about the actual manner in which you are supposed to interact with the physicians. Did you ever receive training from Covidien about that?

Q. The manner of interaction.

Q. So you just were asked a question about whether you performed in-person visits to prescribers to promote Exalgo, correct?

Q. Okay. How did you know to go to the doctor for an in-person visit? Was that part of the training from Covidien?

Q. Okay. Did you call, on the telephone, prescribers for -- to promote Exalgo?

Q. Did you take Exalgo prescribers out -- or potential Exalgo prescribers out for lunches?

Q. Did you bring lunches in to the potential prescribers for Exalgo?

Q. Okay. Was there any training you received from Covidien on how to do that?

Q. Did Covidien give you budgets for lunches to provide to prescribers?

Q. Okay. Did you take prescribers out to dinner?

Q. Did you bring dinners in for prescribers in their offices?

Q. Did you perform webinars for your targets?

Q. Did you perform speaker events for your targets?

Q. Were you instructed to leave co-pay vouchers for your targets at Covidien?

Q. And just -- can you describe what a savings card is?

Q. And does it -- is the purpose of the card for the physician to hand the card to patients who would otherwise have to pay a co-pay to receive their product, a Covidien product? That card would allow them to not have to pay that co-pay; is that correct?

Q. Do you recall handing out savings cards for Exalgo?

Q. Were you aware that Covidien, in fact, had savings cards available for Exalgo during your time there?

Q. Can you think of any instance where any of your interactions with a prescriber was not approved by Covidien?

Q. Is it fair to say that through the interactions with your potential prescribers or targets that you expected this would result in more prescriptions being written for Exalgo?

Q. Yeah. Is it fair to say that, through the interactions with the targets that were on your list, you expected this would result in increased prescriptions for Exalgo? Is that correct?

Q. On average, how long would you spend during in-person visits with targets?

Q. Did Covidien ever prescribe a particular time frame that you were supposed to be spending with each target on your list?

Q. Did Covidien ever say, "Well, you should only wait a certain amount of time to see a target, after which you should move on and go to the next person on your list"?

Q. Were there guidelines at Covidien telling you what you could and could not do on a prescriber visit?

Q. Did you use sales pieces when you visited your targets to sell Exalgo?

Q. Did Covidien supply the materials that you would use in speaking with a target?

Q. And you said you don't recall what types of material or literature that Covidien supplied you.

Q. Can you recall an instance where you discussed materials or literature with a prescriber that was not supplied by Covidien?

Q. Did you ever leave any materials with the target after the sales call?

Q. Do you recall what you may have left?

Q. And was all of that material supplied by Covidien?

Q. Can you recall an instance where you left any materials with a target that did not come from Covidien?

Q. Can you think of any instance where

Q. How often would supervisors go into the field with you for target calls?

Q. So every eight weeks is fair?

Q. And that would include both of the supervisors you had during your time?

Q. Is it your recollection that throughout your tenure at Covidien the company would regularly examine prescription writing patterns throughout your territory?

Q. Yes. Is it fair to say during your time at Covidien that you were given information from Covidien telling you what the prescription writing volume was in your territory for opioids?

Q. Do you recall -- do you know anyone addicted to opioids?

Q. Do you know anyone who abuses opioids?

Q. Do you know anyone who has taken any illegally diverted opioids?

Q. Do you have any understanding of the opioid problems in Tennessee?

Q. Like such as what? Can you describe them?

Q. Did you ever hear of such stories while you were working at Covidien?

Q. When you worked at Covidien, did you have an understanding of what opioid abuse was?

Q. At Covidien, did you have an understanding of what opioid addiction was?

Q. When you worked at Covidien, did you have an understanding of how opioids are diverted illegally?

Q. Well, do you recall ever hearing the term opioid abuse during your time at Covidien?

Q. Did you ever hear of the term opioid addiction at Covidien?

Q. Did you ever hear the term diversion when you were at Covidien?

Q. Do you ever recall discussing opioid abuse associated with opioids with any of your targets at Covidien?

Q. Do you recall discussing opioid addiction with any of your targets at Covidien?

Q. While at Covidien, do you recall ever discussing opioid diversion with any of your targets?

Q. When you worked at Covidien, were you generally aware of what the opioid prescription rates were in your territory?

Q. Volume of prescriptions being written for any opioid product within your territory. Were you generally aware of that during your time at Covidien?

Q. I'm not asking you to remember that far back numbers. I'm just saying generally speaking. Did Covidien make you aware of the volume of opioids being prescribed by targets on your list?

Q. Okay. Were you made aware of the volume of opioids being prescribed by health care providers that were not on your list, for example, other territories that Covidien covered?

Q. Okay. And so how did Covidien give you information about the number of opioids being written by your prescribers?

Q. Do you recall specifically receiving IMS data at Covidien?

Q. Do you recall in what format you received the volume prescribing information you just testified about regarding your targets?

Q. Do you recall how often you were provided that information about the volume of opioids being written by your targets?

Q. Did you ever have conversations with other sales reps at Covidien concerning opioid abuse in Tennessee?

Q. Did you receive any training at Covidien on how to identify problematic opioid prescribers?

Q. Do you recall seeing anything troubling with respect to any of the targets that you sold Exalgo to in Tennessee?

Q. Were you ever told to treat physicians, pharmacies or nurse practitioners in Tennessee differently than -- in Tennessee differently than with any other -- strike that. Did you also call on pharmacies?

Q. How many? I'm sorry.

Q. Two a day?

Q. Do you think you followed that standard while you were at Covidien as well?

Q. Were pharmacies also part of the target list that you received from Covidien, similar to health care providers?

Q. How did you know which pharmacies to visit within your territory?

Q. Do you remember approximately how many pharmacies you called on in your territory during your time at Covidien?

Q. Was it more than 20?

Q. Was it more than 50?

Q. At Covidien did you receive news reports regarding opioid abuse or diversion?

Q. At Covidien did you ever review material from the Tennessee Department of Health regarding Tennessee's opioid abuse problem?

Q. Do you recall generally having any understanding while you worked at Covidien whether Tennessee had an opioid abuse problem?

Q. Did Covidien maintain any no-call lists of prescribers?

Q. Were you ever told by Covidien to stop calling on a particular target in Tennessee?

Q. How often would you interact with Covidien's sales compliance department?

Q. You don't recall a specific instance out of possibly this initial training or advanced training where you may have interacted with Covidien's compliance department?

Q. By the time you went to work for Covidien in the spring of 2010, were you familiar with the term pill mill?

Q. Sure. By the time you went to work for Covidien in the spring of 2010, were you familiar with the term pill mill?

Q. Do you recall ever using that term when you worked at Covidien?

Q. Well, do you recall hearing other Covidien employees use the term pill mill?

Q. Do you have any understanding of what a pill mill is?

Q. Is there any other definition or characteristic of a pill mill that you're aware of as you sit here today?

Q. During your time at Covidien, did the company give you any guidance about pill mills?

Q. Did Covidien tell you to look out for pill mills?

Q. Did Covidien tell you how to identify a pill mill?

Q. Did Covidien tell you what to do if you did identify a pill mill?

Q. Did Covidien tell you to avoid pill mills?

Q. Did pill mill have a negative connotation when you were at Covidien?

Q. Did Covidien ever share with you a list of suspected pill mills in your territory?

Q. Do you recall ever having training with respect to the signs of a pill mill?

Q. Do you recall having any understanding of the risks or dangers that were caused by an opioid pill mill?

Q. In your experience, to your knowledge, did you detail pill mills while you worked at Covidien?

Q. At Covidien did you ever form any opinion about the impact of pill mills in your territory?

Q. During your time at Covidien, did the company assign you a pill mill as a target?

Q. If Covidien had determined that you had a pill mill on your target list, would you have wanted to know that?

Q. If Covidien had determined that you had a pill mill on your target list, would you have wanted to know that?

Q. And why do you say that?

Q. And sitting here today, why would having a pill mill on your target list supply a reason why or why not you should not be in that office?

Q. And do you understand that it was -- that one of the reasons that you would not or might be told not to go to an office is because the company considered that to be

Q. I'm sorry.

Q. Can you think of any other criteria that may have been communicated to you while you were at Covidien suggesting you should not be visiting a particular office on your target list?

Q. I've handed you a document identified as Exhibit 4 to your deposition.

Q. Do you recognize that document?

Q. This document, the first page is an e-mail from Bruce Cunningham. That was your supervisor at Covidien, correct?

Q. Okay. And do you see that you are identified as a recipient of the e-mail that he sent on December 20th, 2010?

Q. Okay. Any reason to think you didn't receive this e-mail on or about this date?

Q. And the e-mail starts off, "Charlotte All Stars." Do you remember him referring to the group of reps that he oversaw as Charlotte All Stars?

Q. And do you recall that your territory was part of a region that included Charlotte?

Q. Okay. So the district was Charlotte and your territory in Knoxville is included as part of that district; is that your recollection?

Q. Okay. Do you recognize the other names on that list? Michael Bell?

Q. Do you know Charlotte Raciboski?

Q. Do you know George Pate?

Q. Okay. Do you know where his territory was?

Q. Do you know Heather Duncan?

Q. Who was that?

Q. Okay. Do you know what her territory was?

Q. Do you remember if it was east? West? North? South?

Q. Okay. Do you think it was your territory, followed by Ms. Duncan's territory, followed by Mr. Pate's territory, the eastern part of Tennessee?

Q. Do you know who Jane Beckham?

Q. Do you know who John Seivers is?

Q. Do you know Matt Kwiatkowski?

Q. Do you know Richard Keen?

Q. Do you know what his territory was?

Q. Do you know Roxanne Holbrooks?

Q. Mr. Cunningham writes to all of these individuals, including yourself, "I have attached Cheryl's business plan as an example of what your plan may look like. Thank you, Cheryl. Keep in mind that your business plan will change over time. Use this as an opportunity to strategize and continue to gain a better understanding of where your opportunities are present." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Does looking at that e-mail and then looking at the ensuing -- or the attached document with your name on it, does that refresh your recollection about your having created this document?

Q. Okay. Any reason to doubt that you did create the document that was attached to the e-mail on Exhibit 4?

Q. Okay. Do you recall, as a matter of practice, submitting business plans for your territory while at Covidien?

Q. Okay. Turn over to Page 4 of the document. This document, I'll represent to you, lacks a Bates stamp because it's a native file, meaning it was a spreadsheet or a PowerPoint or something that was produced electronically. So it doesn't have the Bates stamp at the bottom, so I'm just going to refer you to the actual page of the document itself.

Q. Are you on Page 4, which is titled Territory Strengths?

Q. Okay. Do you see the second one down, territory strength, you wrote, "Large volume of opioids written"?

Q. Do you recall writing that?

Q. Do you recall why you wrote that?

Q. Any reason to think this does not accurately reflect your observations about one strength in your territory at that time?

Q. I'm saying -- my question was any reason to think that that does not accurately reflect your observations about a strength in your territory at that time?

Q. Well, was this your observation?

Q. Did you write this?

Q. Is it possible that someone else filled it out for you?

Q. Okay. And then on the comment section right next to that to the right, it says, "My territory is busting with the amount of opioids written." Do you see that?

Q. And do you remember the basis for writing that comment?

Q. Do you remember that generally being true, that your territory had a very high amount of opioids being written?

Q. I know you don't remember the number, but generally speaking you don't remember it being a very high volume opioid prescription area?

Q. Go to the next page, Page 5. One of the weaknesses listed, the second one down says, "Endo representatives." Do you see that?

Q. And did you know what Endo Pharmaceuticals was at that time?

Q. You are talking about salespeople from that company, correct?

Q. Okay. And you know that Endo also sold an opioid product in Tennessee; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Do you remember that product to be Opana ER?

Q. And then you write this comment: "Even with the realignment of Endo, all of the representatives here kept their jobs. They all have strong relationships in pain, orthopedic and primary care offices. I'm striving to develop a good relationship based on trust and respect with each office." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And why was Endo representatives listed as a weakness in your territory?

Q. Was that because they were -- you thought they would be effective in selling their products in your territory which presented a threat to the market share for Exalgo?

Q. Do you recall that Opana ER was also a hydromorphone product?

Q. In the next box down you list another weakness, "Leery of hydromorphone." Do you see that?

Q. And you write in the comments, "For reasons that I have not fully discovered, there seems to be a concern about using hydromorphone, Dilaudid, in this area. I am working to find the various reasons behind this line of thinking. I continue to separate Dilaudid from Exalgo." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. Do you recall the basis for that comment, specifically concerns about using hydromorphone?

Q. Generally speaking, do you remember receiving concerns from your targets with respect to their prescribing hydromorphone products?

Q. Do you recall ever finding out more about the reasons why there was concern, as you observe in this comment, about using hydromorphone?

Q. Turn over to Page 7. Under territory threats, the second box down, do you see Endo representatives listed there?

Q. And do you see the comments, "The local representatives have kept their jobs, although they may shift territories. In addition, the contract representatives will add share of voice." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And do you recall why you listed Endo representatives as a territory threat?

Q. Turn over to Page 10. At the top of the page the title is Top Writers, Exalgo.

Q. And do you know how these five prescribers' names were -- came to be listed on this page?

Q. Okay. Do you know why part of your business plan included listing the top writers for Exalgo in your territory?

Q. On the next page, 11, under the slide Top Five Targets, Exalgo Prospects, do you see that?

Q. Okay. Do you know how those five names came to be there? I'm sorry. Strike that. Do you know how those five names, how it was determined to list these five individuals as Exalgo prospects?

Q. Do you know where the basis for the numbers in the columns immediately to the right of each name came from?

Q. Okay. The second column, that's Opana ER prescriptions for 2011, correct?

Q. So next to Joe Browder you've got the number 191. Do you see that?

Q. Is that information that you put in there or did someone else at Covidien put that in there?

Q. Did you have access to information about the Opana ER prescribing habits of targets in your territory?

Q. Any reason to think you did not receive that information about your prescriptions of your products and prescriptions about your competitor's products during your time at Covidien?

Q. Turn over to Page 14. The slide of this page is titled Pharmacy Stocking. Do you see that?

Q. And one of the goals, the second one down listed is key geographic areas. Do you see that?

Q. And the action plan was listed as surrounding pharmacies near pain management centers. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what that means?

Q. Do you know what pain management centers that you refer to here are?

Q. Well, when you say pain management centers, generally what is that meant to mean?

Q. There's no other definition for pain management centers?

Q. Did you see what you knew to be referred to as pain clinics on your target list?

Q. But do you recall ever referring to those places as pain clinics or pain management clinics?

Q. Do you recall there ever being a difference, to your knowledge, between what's referred to as a pain clinic or a pain management clinic and other health care providers who might write for Exalgo?

Q. And so in this comment, one of the goals is to focus on surrounding pharmacies near pain management centers, correct?

Q. Okay. And do you know why it would be important to keep pharmacies surrounding pain management centers stocked with Exalgo?

Q. And do you know why there's a particular focus on pharmacies surrounding pain management centers in this action plan?

Q. Was that something that Covidien instructed you to focus on, was making sure pharmacies surrounding pain management centers were well stocked with Exalgo?

Q. And did the list of pharmacies that you were required to call on come from Covidien?

Q. Well, how did you know which pharmacies to call on?

Q. Did you rank or try to prioritize pharmacies ever inside your territory for Exalgo?

Q. Well, take a look at Page -- two pages later. There's a slide called Pharmacy Stocking, Exalgo. It doesn't have a page number on it. I think it's 16. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Do you see under this slide titled Pharmacy Stocking, Exalgo, there's on the left-hand side, "Top 50 key Exalgo pharmacies stocked"?

Q. Okay. No. 1 is listed at Food City, Bearden Shopping Center.

Q. Okay. Do you recall making calls to that particular location?

Q. No. 2 is Food City, West Town Mall. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall making sales calls to that location?

Q. No. 3 is Belew Drugs, Broadway. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall calling on that location?

Q. And why do you know where it is?

Q. Okay. Do you call on them today in your current job?

Q. No. 4 listed is Food City on Kingston Pike. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall visiting that site during your time at Covidien?

Q. No. 5 is Food City, Hardin Valley. Do you recall visiting that pharmacy on your -- or during your time at Covidien?

Q. And No. 6 is Food City, Middlebrook. Do you recall visiting that location during your time at Covidien?

Q. Are -- to your knowledge, were all of these pharmacies that are listed on the top 50 key Exalgo pharmacies stocked list in your territory while you worked at Covidien?

Q. And who was it -- did you list these pharmacies under the category of top 50 key Exalgo pharmacies stocked?

Q. Can you tell whether or not that list came from you or from Covidien?

Q. Do you recall putting more emphasis or prioritizing these particular pharmacies over others with respect to Exalgo stocking?

Q. Do you recall what the purpose of this slide was?

Q. Go over for Page 22 of that document. This is a slide titled Planned Activities. Do you see that?

Q. The second bullet down reads, "Every possible resource will be offered to each hyper target." Did I read that correctly?

Q. What does it mean by hyper target?

Q. A little further on the same bullet is written, "EEIF forms/Fischer books to the Exalgo targets." Do you see that?

Q. What is an EEIF form?

Q. Do you know what Fischer books is?

Q. Okay. And this, again, are things that -- I'm sorry. Then scroll down to the second to last bullet. It reads, "Patient's preferred pharmacies will also be hyper targeted so that both Pennsaid and Exalgo are in stock and waiting." Do you see that?

Q. And again, in this context, do you know what hyper targeted means?

Q. Okay. Having looked at some of those pages, any reason to think any of this document you did not, yourself, draft?

Q. Do you recall how often you would have been required to submit a territory business plan to Covidien?

Q. Okay. I'll give you -- .

Q. I'll hand you Exhibit 5 to your deposition. The first question is going to be if you recognize the document.

Q. Okay. This purports to be an e-mail from someone named Preston Walker to yourself dated April 12th, 2011, correct?

Q. Okay. Any reason to think you did not receive this in the ordinary course of business during your time at Covidien?

Q. Okay. The subject is EEIF's and it's got an attachment spreadsheet. This e-mail, although it's from -- strike all of that. Who is Preston Walker?

Q. Okay. At the bottom there's a signature block for someone named Arthur Morelli. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know who that is?

Q. Okay. Other than this --

Q. Did you have any interactions with Mr. Morelli, to your knowledge?

Q. In the e-mail it's written, "Dear Cheryl, a goal of the patient and product safety team within medical affairs is to collaborate with our sales force to provide Exalgo prescriber education consistent with the FDA-approved Exalgo REMS." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And then a little later down the paragraph it says, "To further assist your efforts aimed at having your Exalgo prescribers submit their EEIF's, please find attached a file of your Exalgo targets and their EEIF status." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And then if you turn to the third page of Exhibit 5., do you see a spreadsheet there?

Q. And looking at that spreadsheet, do you recognize those names as Exalgo targets in your territory that were supplied by Covidien?

Q. Any reason to disagree with the characterization that these individuals are included on your target list for Exalgo?

Q. Okay. Well, looking at the names, do you recall specifically calling on any of these names?

Q. Which names do you recall?

Q. Okay. And why do you recall Mr. Chironna?

Q. And why do you recall calling on Frank McNiel?

Q. And what do you remember about Joe Browder?

Q. Okay. There's approximately eleven names listed here, correct?

Q. Okay. Can you recall at this time, this would have been April of 2011, was this all of the targets that you were calling on for Exalgo?

Q. Do you have any reason to think that this is not the entire list of targets that you called on at this time for Exalgo calls?

Q. I'll hand you Exhibit 6 to your deposition.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Okay. This is an e-mail from Bruce Cunningham to yourself and it looks like the same list of individuals in his district that we saw on a prior exhibit dated January 7th, 2011, correct?

Q. Any reason to think you did not receive this in the ordinary course of business during your time at Covidien?

Q. Okay. The subject of this e-mail is weekly reports, and it's got attachment called Top 5 Exalgo.xls. Do you see that?

Q. Mr. Cunningham writes, "Charlotte All Stars, last year you were submitting your top five Exalgo report to me every Friday with updated comments. This is a great example from Cheryl where she adds comment with the IMS weekly data." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Does -- do you recall submitting your top five Exalgo reports to Mr. Cunningham every Friday?

Q. Do you recall sending the top five list that is attached to this document that Mr. Cunningham calls a great example from Cheryl where she adds comments with the IMS weekly data.

Q. Let's take a look at the list. Have you got it there?

Q. You've got five names. You've got Frank McNiel, which we talked about earlier, correct?

Q. You've got Helen Vodopick-Goswitz. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall calling on Ms. Vodopick-Goswitz, Dr. Goswitz?

Q. Okay. And then do you see Robert Chironna?

Q. You testified about him earlier, too, correct?

Q. Clifford Davidson, do you see that name?

Q. Do you recall calling on him?

Q. And Joe Browder, do you see that name?

Q. You recall calling on Mr. Browder during your time at Covidien, too, correct?

Q. Okay. Above Mr. McNiel's name, there's a comment written, "I am working the entire office with Dr. McNiel's practice." Do you see that?

Q. Again, these are your comments, correct?

Q. Do you have any reason to doubt you did write them?

Q. Was it true at this time that you were calling on the entire Bearden Health Care office during your time at Covidien?

Q. Okay. There's a comment above Dr. Davidson's name. You write, "When we last saw Dr. Davidson, he had tried Exalgo because of fear of abuse with other opioids." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall the basis of that statement?

Q. And then you continue to write, "Looks as if he has halted for some reason." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall why Mr. -- or Dr. Davidson had halted using Exalgo at the time?

Q. And looking at -- well, let's take Dr. Davidson, for example. You have in this document, it looks like, access to his writing for Dilaudid, correct?

Q. Exalgo 16 milligram.

Q. And then MS Contin brand, correct?

Q. And Opana ER, correct?

Q. And then OxyContin, correct?

Q. Okay. And according to the cover e-mail here from Mr. Cunningham, this is what you refer to as IMS weekly data, correct?

Q. Okay. Does that refresh your recollection about how often you may have received or had access to IMS data regarding opioid prescriptions in your territory?

Q. Okay. Any reason to doubt that that was true?

Q. Mr. Cunningham continues in that e-mail, "Part of our focus has to be on bringing our large targets on board. If you can get your 'whales' supporting you, you will far exceed your goals." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. Do you recall having other -- hearing other discussions or hearing other advice from Mr. Cunningham regarding what he calls large targets or whales?

Q. Okay. Do you know what he meant by whales in this context?

Q. How did you take it?

Q. Did you understand it to mean it's a top five product writer, and then that person could expand the market share for Exalgo in your territory?

Q. Generally speaking, how long have you been in pharmaceutical sales?

Q. Okay. And is it true, no matter where you were working or what you were doing, that you focused on your highest prescribing doctors within your territory?

Q. Did you give them particular priority, though, on your call list, the highest writers or highest likely prescribers for your products that you were selling? Is that fair?

Q. Was that true at Covidien?

Q. Okay. Reading this e-mail from Mr. Cunningham, isn't that what he's telling you to focus on?

Q. Large targets and whales.

Q. So as you read this, you have no idea what he meant?

Q. That's what he said back in 2011, correct?

Q. And when you got this e-mail, you had no idea what he meant by top five targets?

Q. Do you recall following up with Mr. Cunningham and asking him what he meant by large targets or whales?

Q. Do you recall ever having a discussion at any point during your time at Covidien about focusing your sales efforts on large targets or whales in your sales territory?

Q. The five names that we see in this spreadsheet, to your knowledge, were any prescribers -- were there any prescribers listed there that Covidien had previously identified as pill mills?

Q. To your knowledge, had Covidien previously identified any of those five names as questionable prescribers?

Q. To your knowledge, had Covidien previously identified any of those names as problematic prescribers?

Q. To your knowledge, had Covidien previously identified any of those providers as over-prescribers?

Q. Did you also receive information during your time at Covidien about top five prescribers for Exalgo in the entire district?

Q. I'll hand you a document we've identified as Exhibit 7 to your deposition. Do you recognize this document?

Q. It's an e-mail from Mr. Cunningham. Again, this was your supervisor at this time, correct?

Q. The e-mail is dated March 18th, 2011. It's addressed to the sales reps in this district, including yourself. The subject is top five list for district. Do you see that?

Q. Any reason to think you did not receive this e-mail in the ordinary course of business?

Q. Okay. He writes, "Charlotte All Stars, I am updating the top five list for Exalgo and Pennsaid for the district. This is what I have for Exalgo," and I see two names listed. Frank McNiel next to your name, correct?

Q. And then we see Krista Cutshaw next to your name, correct?

Q. Do you recognize those names as top prescribers of Exalgo in your territory?

Q. Okay. Any reason to doubt what Mr. Cunningham concluded, that these were the top five Exalgo prescribers, at least at this time, district wide?

Q. But you have no reason to doubt that what he says there is true, correct?

Q. But you have, as you sit here today, no reason to think that wasn't true.

Q. He goes on to write, "If there are access issues with any of these top five targets, let me know and I will change them. Also, please let me know how many calls you have made on them since January 1st and their current attitude toward Exalgo. These are targets I will be getting more involved with and we will push hard to get their business." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. Does that refresh your recollection about the approach that you took with respect to Mr. -- Dr. McNiel in your territory?

Q. What about does that refresh your recollection about your approach with Dr. Cutshaw in your territory?

Q. Do you see the name Mohamed listed next to Heather?

Q. And when it says Heather there, that means Heather Duncan, right?

Q. Do you recognize the name Dr. Mohamed?

Q. Do you recall anything about Dr. Mohamed relative to your time at Covidien?

Q. I've handed you Exhibit 8 to your deposition. I'd like to ask you if you recognize the document.

Q. This is an e-mail from Mr. Cunningham sent March 25th, 2011 to his district sales reps, including yourself. The subject is top district targets and the attachment is top five targets, correct?

Q. Mr. Cunningham writes, "Team, here is the top target report. Let's focus -- let's put focus on these targets and bring me and any additional resources we need. Please e-mail me when you have lunches with these targets or any other big targets so I can join in," correct?

Q. Any reason to think you did not receive this e-mail during the ordinary course of business while you worked at Covidien?

Q. Turn over to the attachment. It's got a list under the title District Five -- I'm sorry. District Top Five Targets for Exalgo. The No. 1 ranked prescriber is Krista Cutshaw. Do you see that?

Q. And is that accurate, to the best of your recollection, that she was a nurse practitioner in Knoxville?

Q. Okay. And that was someone you called on, correct?

Q. And then the fourth name down, do you see Frank Harmon McNiel?

Q. Okay. And you've already testified about him. You recall that he was also one of the prescribers in your territory, correct?

Q. Okay. And then do you see the name -- the second name down the Exalgo list is Abdelrahman Hassabu Mohamed.

Q. Okay. Do you recognize that name?

Q. Okay. Does seeing the full name listed there for Dr. Mohamed spark any recollection about any conversations or any interactions you may have had while at Covidien regarding Dr. Mohamed?

Q. To your knowledge, is this the first time you are hearing that name, Dr. Mohamed?

Q. Also you sit here today, do you know anything about Dr. Abdelrahman Mohamed and his practice?

Q. If a prescriber was included on your target list at Covidien, was it fair to stay that Covidien expected you to visit that prescriber?

Q. Is it fair to say that Covidien expected you to detail that prescriber about Exalgo?

Q. Including Exalgo, correct?

Q. Did you have any role in determining who was on your target list?

Q. Do you know how Covidien determined which prescribers to include on your target list?

Q. In this e-mail Mr. Cunningham refers to other big targets. Do you see that?

Q. Do you have an understanding of what he meant when he said, "Please e-mail me when you have lunches with these targets or any other big targets so I can join in"?

Q. What separated an ordinary target for Exalgo from a big target for Exalgo at Covidien?

Q. Did you know at one time and you have just since forgotten?

Q. Did you have any opportunity to expand your target list?

Q. Did you have the opportunity to reduce your target list?

Q. I understand that, and I guess I'm talking just specifically focusing on your time at Covidien. Did you have an opportunity to remove or request doctors or other prescribers to be removed from your target list?

Q. I've handed you the next exhibit to your deposition, actually two of them. . .

Q. The first one that you have in front of you I'll represent is call data produced to us by your former employer, Covidien, regarding the period for 2010 and your Exalgo calls. Do you recall submitting or tracking call data on your visits to prescribers in your territory?

Q. So what -- generally speaking, do you remember any reporting responsibilities you had at Covidien for the year and a half that you worked there?

Q. And you did that following the visit, the call to the particular prescriber, correct?

Q. And you did that on your laptop?

Q. And you would send that -- you would transmit that data to Covidien.

Q. Okay. So in other words, you go out on your field calls for a given day. Let's say it's Friday. You run through all of your calls for that day to your targets, correct?

Q. Correct. And then at the end of the day you would sync up your laptop, and at that point all of the data or fields that you entered for your targets that day would get transmitted to Covidien, correct?

Q. Okay. Did you ever see the data after it was submitted to Covidien in any form?

Q. Okay. And did you try to be truthful and accurate with respect to the data that you entered on your laptop for all of the calls that you performed in a given day?

Q. And you were -- did you always try to be truthful and accurate in your representations to the company when you worked at Covidien?

Q. I understand. But is it your practice to be truthful with respect to anything that you conveyed to the company about your work that you were performing for it?

Q. Did you try to be accurate when you communicated to the company about the nature of the work you were performing or what you were observing?

Q. Well, can you think of a time where you were not forthcoming or not honest about -- in your communications with Covidien?

Q. Are you a truthful person?

Q. Okay. Do you think it's important to be truthful?

Q. Take a look at the second page of Exhibit -- I guess Exhibit 9. I'll represent to you that the highlighting on this document is not part of the file as produced to my clients, but it's highlighting that we added to the native file. So this is just for reference. So halfway down on that first page, do you see the name Janet McNiel in highlighting?

Q. Do you recall that name?

Q. Okay. Do you recognize her as the wife of Frank McNiel?

Q. Do you recognize her as someone who also practiced at Bearden Health Care?

Q. Okay. And do you recognize that name as someone you did call on for Exalgo sales during your time at Covidien?

Q. Okay. Two lines down from that, do you see the name Barbara Wilson?

Q. Do you recall that name?

Q. Okay. She has the same address listed as Janet McNiel. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Is that -- and that location, do you recognize that location as Bearden Health Care?

Q. Any reason to think you didn't call on Barbara Wilson in your territory for Exalgo sales?

Q. The last highlighted line on that page is Larry Sims. Do you see that name?

Q. Do you recall who that is?

Q. Okay. Any reason to doubt that you called on Mr. Sims as part of your Exalgo sales in your territory?

Q. The next page, less than halfway down the page do you see the name Don Douglas?

Q. Okay. Do you recognize that name?

Q. Do you see him as having the address of : *Redacted - Pike?

Q. Do you recognize that as Bearden Health Care?

Q. Okay. Any reason to doubt that you called on Dr. -- on Don Douglas as part of your selling for Exalgo?

Q. A little further down from that, the next set of highlighting, do you see Teodora Neagu?

Q. Do you recognize that name?

Q. She's listed as Bearden Health Care Associates. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Any reason to doubt that you called on Ms. Neagu as part of your selling for Exalgo?

Q. The next set of highlighting down, do you see Thomas Esser?

Q. Do you recognize that name?

Q. He's got an address listed as Advanced Pain Therapeutics at 900 East Woodland Avenue.

Q. The same address for Larry Sims who we talked about earlier.

Q. Any reason to doubt you called on Mr. Esser as part of your calling for Exalgo?

Q. Okay. Go to the next page. The first highlight is the name Julie Bliss. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recognize that name?

Q. Okay. How do you recognize that name?

Q. Okay. Any reason to doubt you called on Ms. Bliss as part of your Exalgo selling?

Q. Okay. About halfway down the page there's the name Marjorie Pickel.

Q. And Jill Lorge, do you see that?

Q. Do you recognize those names?

Q. Okay. They are both at the -- they have the address listed as 9546 Northshore Drive. Do you recognize that address?

Q. Any reason to doubt that you called on Ms. Pickel and Ms. Lorge as part of your selling for Exalgo?

Q. At the bottom of the page there's a highlighted line that's Jean McGuire. Do you see that?

Q. And do you recognize that name?

Q. Any reason to doubt you called on Ms. McGuire as part of your selling for Exalgo?

Q. If you flip forward to Page 9 of 14 -- at the top it's got the page number.

Q. At the bottom of the page, four lines from the bottom, do you see the name Steve Jackson?

Q. Do you recognize that name?

Q. Do you recognize the address 3217 Garden Drive?

Q. Any reason to doubt you called on Mr. Jackson as part of your Exalgo selling in your territory?

Q. Turn to the next exhibit. We are done with that one. I'll represent to you -- are you at the next exhibit?

Q. That's all right. That's the next page. Thank you.

Q. Okay. This is Exhibit 10, and I'll represent to you this is call data received from Covidien for yourself for the 2011 year. And I'll also represent that the highlighting on this document is our highlighting

Q. The practice that you engaged in of sending or syncing your call notes at the end of a given day, that continued in 2011, correct?

Q. Okay. But specifically with regard to Covidien, you can't think of any reason why you wouldn't have, after visiting your targets for a given day, sync up your call notes and send those to Covidien to transmit what you had done on that occasion, correct?

Q. The pull-down screen that you just testified about where you input the information about your business to your targets for a given day, were those predetermined by Covidien, what information was included in those pull-down menus?

Q. Do you recall whether there was any subjective field where you could type in notes, your own observations, and send them to Covidien?

Q. Were you given instructions about -- or training as to how to fill out those call notes for your targets that you were selling your Exalgo to?

Q. And if you just take a look at the first page of Exhibit 10, do you see the name -- about halfway down, do you see the name Frank McNiel listed there?

Q. A little more than halfway down.

Q. Okay. Again, he was a target you called on in 2011, correct?

Q. Okay. And there's also pharmacies listed here. Do you see that?

Q. So did you also have call notes to fill out for pharmacies?

Q. Okay. Do you recall some form or manner in which you transmitted information back to Covidien about your visits to pharmacies during a particular day?

Q. Did Covidien give you any instructions on how to identify problematic or questionable prescribers in your territory?

Q. I'll hand you Exhibit 11 to your deposition. I've handed you what has been identified as Exhibit 11 to your deposition. Do you recognize that document?

Q. You recognize the author, Heather Duncan, correct?

Q. She's also a Tennessee sales rep for Covidien, right?

Q. This is dated July 24th, 2011, and it's sent to yourself and some others at Covidien, correct?

Q. And the title is New Pain Clinic Guidelines Bill Signed by Tennessee Governor Haslam, correct?

Q. Any reason to doubt you received this document in the ordinary course at Covidien?

Q. All right. Ms. Duncan writes, "Hi, everyone. Great news. As you know, the state of Tennessee has been plagued for many years with some of the most lenient laws in the country when it comes to the operation of pain clinics. Because of this, we have been flooded with offices operating under the disguise of pain management clinics while, in actuality, they are nothing more than pill mills." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. Do you recall receiving this e-mail on or about this time?

Q. Do you recall reading this e-mail?

Q. Do you recall discussing this e-mail with Ms. Duncan at any time?

Q. Do you see she uses the term pill mills there?

Q. Do you recall ever discussing pill mills with Ms. Duncan in the state of Tennessee?

Q. Todd Dean is listed here as a recipient. Do you see that?

Q. He was your supervisor who replaced Mr. Cunningham in 2011, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you recall discussing pill mills in Tennessee with Todd Dean at any point?

Q. I'm handing you a document marked Exhibit 12. This is an e-mail -- well, it's two e-mails, both of which are sent from you. The top e-mail in this sequence is sent from you on November 17th, 2010 to Elizabeth Hudson, Bruce Cunningham and Beverly River. Do you see that?

Q. Who is Elizabeth Hudson?

Q. And you see Bruce Cunningham. That was your supervisor in 2010, correct?

Q. And who is Beverly River?

Q. The subject of your e-mail is, "Forward: Add/remove targets," and the attachment is List of Physician Changes. Do you see that?

Q. All right. You write, "Hi ladies, I had submitted the following two providers to be removed. They both have moved from my territory. They are still in my database. Does that mean they have not been removed?" Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Does this refresh your recollection at all about your ability at Covidien to ask for changes to your target list?

Q. Okay. Do you remember anything about -- does this refresh your recollection at all about how often you were supposed to be suggesting changes be made to your target list?

Q. Go ahead and look at the list that's attached. This is the attachment to the e-mail that's been marked Exhibit 12. It's titled List of Physician Changes. It says, "Target requests, please submit target changes to Liz Hudson, sales operations." Do you see that?

Q. Does that refresh your recollection about who Ms. Hudson was?

Q. Okay. And that's your territory number listed, 10802, and your name, correct?

Q. Okay. About halfway down the list, under the section titled Physician Deletes --

Q. -- do you see the name Steven Jackson?

Q. And then do you see he's listed as being in Knoxville, Tennessee?

Q. And do you see the reason listed as pill mill?

Q. And then do you see under product targeted it says Exalgo?

Q. Okay. This is the attachment that you were forwarding to Ms. Hudson on this date, November 17th, 2010, correct?

Q. Okay. So you saw this list, correct?

Q. Is there any reason to doubt you did see the list?

Q. Okay. The name Steven Jackson, how did that end up on this physician delete list?

Q. Do you recall it's likely you put that name on that list?

Q. Do you recall who put the reason for removal of Mr. Jackson is the word pill mill?

Q. Do you recall ever, at any point during your tenure -- you were there a year and a half. Do you remember making or entering any data onto a target request list similar to what we see in Exhibit 12?

Q. Do you know how you would have received this list during that year and a half that you were at Covidien?

Q. What was the purpose of sending a target request addition or subtraction list to Covidien?

Q. Steven Jackson is listed. He's listed as being a pill mill. Was that also an additional reason why that list would be submitted to Covidien for a change to your target list?

Q. I'll hand you Exhibit 13 to your deposition and ask you if you remember this document.

Q. All right. This document is an e-mail from yourself dated September 1st, 2011 to Todd Dean and Bill Nichols, correct?

Q. The subject is Exalgo project, correct?

Q. Who is Bill Nichols?

Q. And this e-mail is being sent about

Q. And you write, in relevant part, skipping down to the second part of this -- or the second paragraph of this e-mail, "Okay. Here is a short list of questionable offices that I can come up with tonight. There are more but I will need more time. This will give them a start and I can have the rest of the list next week when I return." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. What did you mean by, "Here is a short list of questionable offices that I can come up with tonight"?

Q. Look at the attachment and see if that refreshes your recollection. On the attachment we've got six names listed -- I'm sorry. Yes, six names. Do you recognize any of those names?

Q. Which ones do you recognize?

Q. Okay. Why do you recognize James Foster's name?

Q. What was the name of that clinic? Do you recall?

Q. Do you remember specifically there being any issues with respect to questionable prescribing associated with that clinic that Mr. Foster worked at?

Q. And Steven Jackson, you mentioned you recognize that name, correct?

Q. And Mr. Jackson, Dr. Jackson, was included as someone to remove from your target list back in November of 2010, correct?

Q. Go ahead.

Q. And you are putting him on what you call "a short list of questionable offices that I can come up with," correct?

Q. Okay. Does looking at that list refresh your recollection at all as to why these names are listed on a list that you refer to as questionable offices?

Q. Do you recall at any point anyone from Covidien asking you to try and identify questionable prescribers or prescribers with questionable opioid prescribing habits within your territory about this time of September of 2011?

Q. Ms. Herbold, today you've given the answer "I don't recall" a number of times, and I asked you at the outset if there was any reason why you couldn't testify truthfully and accurately today. Do you recall that?

Q. Is there some reason why on just about every question or every document we've looked at today that you've told me you cannot recall something about this year and a half that you worked at Covidien?

Q. Today I've asked a number of questions and I've gotten the answer "I don't recall" a lot, and it leads me to believe that there is some reason that you are not able to recall about much, if anything, regarding your time at Covidien. Is there a reason that you're giving that answer over and over?

Q. Do you have any medical condition that is causing you not to remember that year and a half that you worked at Covidien?

Q. Okay. Are you giving testimony today truthfully and accurately to the best of your knowledge?

Q. And do you also understand that if you are asked a question and you're under oath, that if you know the answer but you say "I don't recall," do you understand that is lying?

Q. Do you understand that?

Q. In other words, if you know the answer and you say "I don't recall," even if you know the answer, you recognize that's lying, correct?

Q. Okay. To the extent we've asked questions today about documents that are documents -- for example, Exhibit 12 that you drafted, all evidence is you drafted it, these are your words, and you cannot recall the basis for your statements, is it my understanding that we have -- and when you say you don't recall the basis of the statement, we have to rely on what you wrote as being the best evidence for what you meant; is that accurate?

Q. So for the e-mails you've testified you don't recall, we have -- the best evidence we have of what you meant and what you said on that occasion is in the e-mail itself, correct?

Q. Is that right?

Q. Okay. And when you say you don't recall the e-mails, you're not able then at some later time to go back and change or add more information about the e-mails to which you've already said "I don't recall," correct?

Q. When you said "I don't recall" --

Q. Okay. I'm going to ask you this. If you do recall --

Q. -- at any point after today, will you make that known? Will you add to your testimony? If you do recall something about these e-mails, are you prepared to update or reach out and provide that clarification or that addition to counsel?

Q. You can answer the question.

Q. I'll hand you Exhibit 14. These are e-mails, the first of which on the page is from Bruce Cunningham to, again, what looks like a list of the reps in his district. Do you see that?

Q. Dated January 6th, 2011, correct?

Q. The subject is Exalgo, forward Exalgo?

Q. Okay. He mentions in the e-mail, "Here is another great testimonial from Holli down in Florida. When you hear a physician say Exalgo is too strong and they don't want to use it, they are more than likely talking about Dilaudid." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Did you, yourself, during your time at Covidien hear physicians talk about Exalgo being too strong and that they don't want to use it for that reason?

Q. I'll hand you Exhibit 15. This is an e-mail from Bruce Cunningham to his district reps dated January 10th, 2011, correct?

Q. And you're included as a recipient.

Q. Any reason to think you didn't receive this e-mail in the ordinary course?

Q. Okay. And I'll ask the same question about the prior exhibit. Any reason to believe you didn't receive Exhibit 14 in the ordinary course during your time at Covidien?

Q. All right. In this e-mail Bruce writes, about halfway through that paragraph, "When physicians tell you that Exalgo is too strong or that the abuse potential is too high, share with them the many testimonials we are getting from patients where lives are being changed." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Do you recall hearing from physicians observations that Exalgo is too strong or the abuse potential is too high?

Q. When you received comments from a doctor about their concerns regarding Exalgo, where was the -- what's the appropriate methodology for reporting that to Covidien?

Q. In what form?

Q. What about the drop-down fields for the call notes? Did that provide you the opportunity to convey concerns from physicians during your turn-in calls?

Q. I'll hand you Exhibit 16 to your deposition. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Okay. I'm going to refer you -- this is a series of e-mails. I want to look at the first e-mail in the sequence chronologically, which is at the bottom of the page.

Q. Do you see the e-mail that's from yourself to a number of individuals on August 4th, 2011?

Q. Okay. The subject is IMS, correct?

Q. And you write "Hey, check your IMS competitor numbers. Mine are showing outrageous weekly numbers for Oxy, Opana and Voltaren gel, reporting in the 200's to 500's and then some in the 1,000 to 2,000 RX range for one week. I e-mailed Todd and Bill about it." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. First, the IMS competitor numbers, what is that referring to?

Q. Reported by IMS to Covidien, correct?

Q. Okay. So that's something you can recall analyzing on at least a periodic basis during your time at Covidien.

Q. And competitor numbers refers to -- these are prescriptions that are being filled for a product competing with Exalgo, correct?

Q. When you say the others, are you talking about OxyContin and Opana?

Q. And Oxy meant OxyContin, correct?

Q. And Opana meant Opana ER, correct?

Q. And those were competitors for Exalgo.

Q. Okay. And you refer to them as outrageous weekly numbers. Do you see that?

Q. Do you remember the basis for that statement?

Q. Okay. And it says you e-mailed Todd and Bill about it. Are you talking about Todd Dean?

Q. Okay. And when you are talking about Bill, that's the other individual we saw in the prior e-mails who was also some kind of district supervisor, correct?

Q. I'll hand you a document identified as Exhibit 17 to your deposition. Take a moment to look at it and tell me if you recognize the document.

Q. I'll take the other one. Do you recognize what I've handed you as Exhibit 17?

Q. Did you have a chance to glance through the document?

Q. Okay. Do you see on the first page there is an e-mail?

Q. It's from yourself to Megan Hulsey on October 23rd, 2011, correct?

Q. And you write, "Megan, please find my questionnaire attached, Cheryl," correct?

Q. And you were responding in that e-mail to the e-mail directly below it, which was from Ms. Hulsey to yourself on October 21st, 2011, where she writes, "Hi, Cheryl" -- I'm sorry. The subject of that e-mail is Exit Interview. She writes, "Hi, Cheryl, how about 9:30 central, October 26th? We can do earlier or later depending on your schedule. Just let me know." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. Any reason to doubt that you sent and received the e-mails we just read on or about the dates listed during your tenure at Covidien?

Q. All right. So this -- Ms. Hulsey is writing you for the purpose of setting up an exit interview because you're leaving the company, correct?

Q. Okay. Well, do you independently recall having such an exit interview with Ms. Hulsey?

Q. Do you recall why you left the company or were leaving the company in October of 2011?

Q. And why?

Q. That's your --

Q. Boehringer, correct?

Q. Okay. And you are -- in the e-mail responding to Ms. Hulsey's request to set up the exit interview, you are attaching what's called an exit -- or it's called a questionnaire, correct?

Q. All right. Let's turn to the questionnaire which starts on Page 9956 --

Q. -- of Exhibit 17. This is titled Covidien Employee Exit Questionnaire.

Q. The employee's name is Cheryl Herbold, correct?

Q. And the date of separation is listed as October 28th, 2011, correct?

Q. And it says the current date is October 20th, 2011. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Did you, to the best of your knowledge, fill out this questionnaire and put the information in that we see?

Q. If you look at the comments under No. 1 --

Q. -- it states, "I believe that Covidien has the potential to be a good pharmaceutical company." Do you see that?

Q. Does the fact that it's written in the first person referring to the author's name as "I" indicate that you were the one that filled in this information?

Q. This is a pretty lengthy document. You don't recall any -- you don't recall writing anything that appears in what we see as Exhibit 17, the attachment to Exhibit 17?

Q. Have you done exit questionnaires with other companies?

Q. So to the best of your knowledge, this is the only exit questionnaire you have ever filled out.

Q. Okay. I'm asking you some questions about what you wrote in the questionnaire.

Q. The second, for lack of better term, section down on the first page, there's a question posed, "How did you like your job - the kind of work you did? Check one." And then you've got an X under average, correct?

Q. And then there's a comment section, and they ask you about a sentence that starts like this: "This is the first time I have called in the pain market and can say that this market is not my favorite. This is due to the abuse and diversion of narcotics, especially in Tennessee." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. Do you recall the basis for that statement?

Q. Was it true, the statement that when you worked at Covidien selling Exalgo, that was the first time you've called, i.e. sold, in the pain market?

Q. Okay. And then you made the statement it's not your favorite, this is due to the abuse and diversion of narcotics, especially in Tennessee. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. The abuse and diversion of narcotics, do you know why you wrote that?

Q. Do you recall ever seeing -- or what evidence do you recall seeing of abuse and diversion of narcotics in Tennessee during your time at Covidien?

Q. That's a very general question, not tied to this document.

Q. Would you have written this statement in the exit interview if it weren't true?

Q. Well, did you believe it was important to be honest in your exit interview to Covidien?

Q. Earlier I asked you in your representations to Covidien during your employment, I asked you if you tried to be truthful and honest and accurate in all of your communications, and I think you answered yes; is that correct?

Q. Any reason to think differently with respect to this questionnaire?

Q. Turn over to the page ending 9958. Would you please read what you wrote in Paragraph No. 2 on that page?

Q. Why did you write that?

Q. Do you think you knew at one time and you have since forgotten?

Q. Is there any reason to doubt that statement was true and accurate at the time that you sent it to the company in your exit interview -- or exit questionnaire?

Q. Turn over to Page 9959. There's a first comment section on that page. Would you please read that?

Q. Why did you write "he has been diligently working on behalf of East Tennessee to address the managed care and pill mill issues with upper management"?

Q. Okay. Do you think you knew at one time and have since forgotten?

Q. Is there any reason to doubt that you believed in the truth and accuracy of that statement when you wrote it back in 2011?

Q. Turn to the next page, please. Under the second comments field on that page, which is 9960, you write the statement, "Again, I feel that upper management has not shown interest in hearing from the field." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And by field here, is it meant the salespeople in the field? Is that what is meant by field here?

Q. And by upper management, that's referring to the supervisor level and above?

Q. Okay. And do you know why you wrote the statement "I feel that upper management has not shown interest in hearing from the field"?

Q. Do you think you knew at one time and have since forgotten?

Q. Any reason to doubt that you believed in the truth and accuracy of that statement when you wrote it in 2011?

Q. No. 38 on that page near the bottom --

Q. -- the question is posed, "Would you consider coming back to work for Mallinckrodt," and you checked the box for no. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall why it was that you did not -- would not consider coming back to Mallinckrodt?

Q. But at the time in 2011 you were definitive that you weren't coming back to work for Mallinckrodt no matter what, correct?

Q. So there's no particular reason you can think of why, in response to the question would you consider coming back to work for Mallinckrodt, you wrote no.

Q. Okay. Do you think you knew at one time and you have just forgotten?

Q. But as you sit here today looking and reading this statement, you don't know if there was any reason that you had in mind at the time in 2011 when you said you would not consider coming back to work for Mallinckrodt.

Q. Ms. Herbold, is there anything about today's deposition that you wish to change as far as your answers or responses?

Q. Have you given your testimony today to the best of your knowledge, truthfully and accurately?

Q. No. I'm not asking if you recollect. I'm asking have you given answers to my questions today truthfully and accurately to the best of your knowledge?

Q. I3ut as you sit here today looking and reading this statement, you I don't know if there was any reason that you had in mind at the time in 201 when you said you would not cons€der coming back to work for Mail`€nckrodt. MR_ GOLDSTEIN: Objection. ft A. No. 1 don't remember, no.

Q. (BY MR. LEM SKI:1 Ms. Herbold, is there anything about today's deposit€on€ that you wish to change as far as your answers or responses?

Q. Have you given your testimony today :1.4 to the best of your knowledge, truthfully and aocurately? 15 To my recollection, yes. No. I'ri€ not asking if you _26 recollect. 12 I'm asking have you given answers to my questions today truthfully and accurately to the best of your knowledge?
