Witness: Christopher Clark
Attorney: MR. Leniski
Source: MNKOI0005228933
============================================================

Q. Good morning.

Q. Please state your full name for the jury.

Q. That's your legal name, sir?

Q. Okay. And please tell the jury where you currently live.

Q. How long have you been at that location?

Q. Do you have any plans to move from that location in the next six months?

Q. You are here today testifying, Mr. Clark, pursuant to subpoena, correct?

Q. Mr. Clark, is this

Q. Okay. When did you first learn that you would be sitting for a deposition in this case?

Q. When was the first time you talked to a lawyer about the subpoena?

Q. Did you reach out to the lawyer or did the lawyer reach out to you?

Q. Okay. You're identifying your counsel sitting here today?

Q. Okay. And you understand counsel sitting here today represents Mallinckrodt?

Q. What did you do to prepare for today's deposition?

Q. Did you review any materials in your possession to prepare for today's deposition?

Q. Any files or papers that you had maintained from your time working for Covidien and Mallinckrodt.

Q. Did you read any deposition transcripts to prepare for today?

Q. Did you speak with any former employees at Covidien or Mallinckrodt to prepare for --

Q. Do you understand that you are represented today at this deposition?

Q. And who are you represented -- who represents you? Mr. Bueker sitting here?

Q. Mr. Bueker, the attorney for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Is it your understanding that Mr. Bueker represents you?

Q. Okay. And do you understand these lawyers are your personal lawyers for today's deposition?

Q. And you also understand these lawyers represent Mallinckrodt in this litigation, correct?

Q. Have you ever had your deposition taken before?

Q. Have you ever received a subpoena before?

Q. Okay. I'm going to tell you how today is going to go. I'm going to ask you some questions. Please wait until I finish asking my question before giving your answer, okay?

Q. When you give your answer, make sure you speak clearly and you use words, as opposed to nods or shakes of the head, so the court reporter can get your answer, okay?

Q. Unless you tell me you don't understand the question that I ask, I'm going to assume you understand my question; is that okay?

Q. And if you don't understand my question, please ask me to clarify. I'm happy to do so, okay?

Q. Finally, if you need a break, we can take a break, but I would ask that you please, if there's a question pending, finish asking -- or answering the question that's on the table before we take the break. Is that okay?

Q. Are you under the influence of any medication today?

Q. Is there any reason you can think of that would prevent you from answering my questions completely and honestly today?

Q. Have you ever testified before in a lawsuit?

Q. All right. Mr. Clark, as you alluded to earlier, you once worked for a company called Covidien; is that correct?

Q. And you started work at Covidien in or about January of 2012; is that correct?

Q. And you ended your employment with Covidien on or about September of 2014; is that correct?

Q. At that time, Covidien was a healthcare company whose headquarters was based in Ireland, correct?

Q. You worked at Covidien as a salesman in the specialty pain area; is that correct?

Q. Is that the proper term for what you did, salesperson?

Q. Okay. But the company called you a salesperson.

Q. Okay. And you did work in specialty pain medicines.

Q. And again, specialty pain medicines at Covidien, correct?

Q. Is it also correct, when you started at Covidien, a specialty pharmaceutical division was headquartered near St. Louis, Missouri?

Q. Now, when you worked at Covidien, did it also refer to itself as Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. At some point during your course of your employment at Covidien, did you become known as Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Do you remember approximately how long after you started at Covidien you became known as Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Well, today I may refer to your employment period I may refer to your employer from January of 2012 to September of 2014 as Covidien or Mallinckrodt. Is that okay?

Q. Okay. Because for purposes of today and your employment, it's the same entity, correct?

Q. Okay. At Mallinckrodt you sold, among other products, prescription opioids; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And one of the -- one of -- scratch that. One of Mallinckrodt's opioid products was called Exalgo, correct?

Q. All right. Throughout your employment, Exalgo was a brand name opioid product sold by Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Do you know what the opioid ingredient is called in Exalgo?

Q. Exalgo was known as a long-acting, extended-release opioid product, correct?

Q. During your employment at Mallinckrodt, Xartemis or Xartemis was another brand name opioid you sold, correct?

Q. Do you know what the active opioid ingredient is called in Xartemis?

Q. Were there any other branded prescription opioid products you sold while working for Mallinckrodt?

Q. To your knowledge, during the course of your employment at Mallinckrodt, the company also sold generic prescription opioid products; is that correct?

Q. Sure. To your knowledge, during the course of your employment at Mallinckrodt, the company also sold generic opioid -- prescription opioid products, correct?

Q. Have you ever heard of Roxicodone?

Q. And did you have awareness while you worked at Mallinckrodt that that product was sold by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you ever discuss -- ever have occasion to discuss Roxicodone with physicians or other prescribers during your employment?

Q. What kind of situations would those be?

Q. In what context would Roxicodone come up during a conversation about the best patient being utilized for Exalgo?

Q. So if I understand your question -- or your answer then, you would have that conversation with a prescriber about a patient who may already be on a regimen of Roxicodone; is that fair?

Q. And the patient could also be on a regimen of another opioid product for which you would be discussing with the physician how Exalgo may be helpful for the break-through pain; is that fair?

Q. It was a long-acting opioid, correct?

Q. As you sit here today, do you know or recall any other prescription opioid products sold by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Correct.

Q. Did you have any experience selling prescription opioid products before you came to work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you have experience selling prescription drugs before coming to work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And where did you work selling prescription drugs before working at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Start with the one immediately before Mallinckrodt.

Q. Correct.

Q. And what dates did you work at Angelini?

Q. Well, earlier we discussed that you started at Mallinckrodt in January of 2012, correct?

Q. So you were with Angelini approximately a year, year and a half?

Q. What products did you sell at Angelini?

Q. What was the name of the antidepressant?

Q. Did you sell any other products at Angelini?

Q. And did you sell prescription drugs before coming to work at Angelini?

Q. What was the name of that company?

Q. During what period of time did you work in sales at Sanofi-Aventis or its predecessor company?

Q. What prescription drug products did you sell at Sanofi?

Q. And what does Plantix [sic] treat?

Q. I'm sorry. Plavix.

Q. And Ambien, that's a sleep drug, correct?

Q. What does Avapro treat?

Q. What does Avalide treat?

Q. And you said Uroxatral?

Q. Uroxatral, what does that treat?

Q. What about Lantus? What does that treat?

Q. Apidra?

Q. Apidra, what did it treat?

Q. And what does Aplenzin treat?

Q. What does Allegra-D and Allegra D-24 treat?

Q. To your knowledge, were any of the drugs that you sold at Sanofi controlled substances, considered controlled substances?

Q. Did you receive special training at with respect to selling Ambien because it was

Q. Do you recall any of that training?

Q. Generally speaking, do you recall anything about that training?

Q. Did you sell prescription drugs before you worked at Sanofi starting in 2003?

Q. Who did you work for?

Q. During what period of time did you work for Aero Pharmaceuticals?

Q. What drug products did you sell at Aero Pharmaceuticals?

Q. And what was AeroHist meant to treat?

Q. What was AeroPlus meant to treat?

Q. What did Rotic [sic] treat?

Q. Aero -- I'm sorry. Yes. AeroOtic.

Q. What was Rhinaris meant to treat?

Q. Were any of the drugs, prescription drugs, that you sold at Aero Pharmaceuticals considered a controlled substance?

Q. Did you sell prescription drugs before working at Aero Pharmaceuticals?

Q. What was the name of that employer?

Q. What period of time did you work at Medeva and Celltech?

Q. What prescription drug products did you sell at Medeva and Celltech?

Q. What does Metadate CD treat?

Q. What does Tussionex treat?

Q. What does Delsym treat?

Q. What does Zaroxolyn treat?

Q. What does Semprex-D treat?

Q. Were any of the drugs that you sold for Medeva and Celltech considered a controlled substance?

Q. Which one?

Q. What do you understand is meant by controlled substance?

Q. What is your understanding of that term?

Q. When you say additional risks for patients, what do you mean by that?

Q. Are you finished?

Q. Did you sell prescription drugs before working at Medeva and Celltech?

Q. Did you work anywhere else before working at Medeva and Celltech?

Q. Okay. What -- where did you work before Medeva and Celltech?

Q. Right before.

Q. What kind of company is AllMeds?

Q. Who were AllMeds' customers generally, not specifically?

Q. And when did you work at AllMeds?

Q. Where did you work before AllMeds?

Q. When did you work for PHP Cariten?

Q. And what did PHP Cariten do as a business?

Q. What was your job at PHP Cariten?

Q. And what were your responsibilities in that role as a provider services representative?

Q. Such as?

Q. Did any of your responsibilities as

Q. Did any of your responsibilities at PHP Cariten as a provider services representative involve controlled substances?

Q. Did any of your responsibilities when you worked at AllMeds involve opioids or controlled substances?

Q. Okay. And where did you work prior to PHP Cariten?

Q. What kind of company is Health Source?

Q. And what was your job responsibility at Health Source?

Q. Were your responsibilities at Health Source similar to those at PHP Cariten?

Q. How were they different?

Q. What were your job responsibilities at Health Source?

Q. Did any aspect of your job at Health Source involve opioids or controlled substances?

Q. What period of time did you work at Health Source?

Q. Where did you work before Health Source?

Q. When did you graduate college?

Q. And you went to Tusculum University; is that correct?

Q. Did you attend any other universities other than Tusculum?

Q. What -- where did you attend school?

Q. What is your degree in from Tusculum University?

Q. Is that a bachelor degree?

Q. Did you earn any other degrees other than the applied business degree?

Q. Do you have any certifications?

Q. So once upon a time you had a certification?

Q. Do you have any licenses other than

Q. Tell me what those are.

Q. Any other licenses?

Q. Anything else?

Q. Where were you located when you worked at Health Source, geographically?

Q. Where were you located geographically when you worked at PHP Cariten?

Q. Where were you located geographically when you worked at AllMeds?

Q. Where were you located geographically when you worked at Medeva and Celltech?

Q. Where were you located geographically when you worked Aero Pharm?

Q. And when you worked at Sanofi-Aventis, where were you geographically located?

Q. When you worked for Angelini, where were you located geographically?

Q. So you've -- have you worked anywhere else other than Knoxville during your career?

Q. Am I correct in saying that all of your pharmaceutical drug selling experience has been in Knoxville?

Q. Am I understanding your testimony correctly, you've been involved in pharmaceutical sales in Knoxville since at least December of 1999 when you -- I'm sorry. Since at least 2001 when you started working for Medeva and Celltech.

Q. So approximately 19 years.

Q. Mr. Clark, is it correct that the sales market that Mallinckrodt assigned to you was also Knoxville, Tennessee?

Q. Which parts of Knoxville was your sales market?

Q. So was your market limited to the city limits or did it include the county?

Q. Did that include zip codes that were outside of the Knoxville city limits?

Q. Did it include zip codes for other cities other than Knoxville?

Q. As you sit here today, do you remember which cities?

Q. And I'm only asking, just so the record is clear, about your tenure at Mallinckrodt.

Q. Okay. So your answer then, the cities you can recall servicing at Mallinckrodt other than Knoxville included Alcoa, Maryville,, Gatlinburg and Oak Ridge, correct?

Q. Are there any others that you can think of today?

Q. Okay. Now, those cities you just mentioned that were part of your market at Mallinckrodt, did any other Mallinckrodt pharmaceutical sales rep also have responsibilities, selling responsibilities, in those locations?

Q. So as far as you knew, your market was exclusive to you at Mallinckrodt as far as selling responsibilities.

Q. And is it correct that during your employment at Mallinckrodt you sold the opioid products, Exalgo and Xartemis, in those markets?

Q. Did you grow up in Knoxville?

Q. How long have you been in Knoxville?

Q. You were born elsewhere?

Q. Where were you born?

Q. Where did you live in Nashville?

Q. When you call someplace home, you call Knoxville home?

Q. If someone says, "Where are you from," you say, "I'm from Knoxville."

Q. Would it be fair to say that you were familiar with the Knoxville market when you went to work for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Were you familiar with prescribers in the Knoxville market when you went to work for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Let me ask the question this way. Were the prescribers that you sold to while you worked at Mallinckrodt that you also sold to at any other company that you worked at prior to Mallinckrodt?

Q. As you sit here today, do you remember any of those prescribers?

Q. Who would that be?

Q. So generally you're aware there was overlap between the types of prescribers you sold to at Mallinckrodt compared to other companies, correct?

Q. Specifically do you remember any prescribers by name or location that you sold to prior to working at Mallinckrodt that you also sold to at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Who do you remember?

Q. Were you finished?

Q. I neglected to ask this question. I apologize. But where did you work -- well, did you sell prescription drugs after you left Mallinckrodt in 2014?

Q. And where was that?

Q. What's your period of employment at Boehringer?

Q. Started in --

Q. September of 2014?

Q. What drug products, prescription drug products, do you sell Boehringer?

Q. What does Jardiance treat?

Q. What does Tradjenta treat?

Q. What does Jentadueto and Jentadueto XR treat?

Q. What does Synjardy and Synjardy XR treat?

Q. Glyxambi, what does that treat?

Q. Are any of the drugs that you sell at Boehringer considered controlled substances?

Q. Since leaving Mallinckrodt in September 2014, have you sold any prescription opioid products?

Q. I'm going back -- I'm sorry. And where are you located geographically in your work at Boehringer?

Q. Going back to your time at Mallinckrodt, who was your supervisor?

Q. Let's take it in sequence. When you started with Mallinckrodt, who was your first supervisor?

Q. Do you remember how long you reported to Todd Dean?

Q. Do you remember approximately how many months you reported to Mr. Dean?

Q. And which opioid -- prescription opioid products were you selling when you were reporting to Mr. Dean?

Q. Okay. Who was your next supervisor at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you remember how long you reported to Mr. Horton?

Q. And which prescription opioid products were you selling while you were reporting to Mr. Horton?

Q. Who was your supervisor at Mallinckrodt after Mr. Horton?

Q. Do you remember how long you reported to Mr. Polesovsky?

Q. And which prescription opioid products were you selling while you reported to Mr. Polesovsky?

Q. Who was your next supervisor at Mallinckrodt?

Q. I'll be clear that Todd Druen is a different individual than Todd Dean.

Q. Do you remember during what period of time you reported to Mr. Druen?

Q. So until you left the company?

Q. And which prescription opioid products were you selling when you reported to Mr. Druen?

Q. In sales -- or in specialty sales at Mallinckrodt, your job required you to visit individuals that Mallinckrodt identified as potential writers for Exalgo and Xartemis; is that correct?

Q. When I say writers, you understand I mean writers of prescriptions for Exalgo and Xartemis, correct?

Q. While employed at Mallinckrodt, did you sometimes refer to prescription as scripts?

Q. Do you recall hearing anyone else at Mallinckrodt refer to prescriptions at scripts?

Q. So the list of individuals that were potential writers for Mallinckrodt's branded opioid prescriptions, do they include doctors?

Q. Do they include nurse practitioners?

Q. Do they include physician assistants?

Q. Is there anyone else you can think of who may have been a prescription writer for Mallinckrodt's prescription branded opioid products?

Q. A class other than the ones I've just mentioned?

Q. Can you tell the jury what you mean by D.O.?

Q. And in your mind, why is that different from an M.D. or medical doctor?

Q. When you worked at Mallinckrodt, would you have considered a doctor of osteopathy to be in a different class than an M.D.?

Q. So a doctor of osteopathy would also be considered a potential writer for Mallinckrodt's branded opioid products.

Q. And when you say they are part of the target, are you referring to the target lists that Mallinckrodt would have assigned to you during your employment there?

Q. Was it your understanding that Mallinckrodt gave you a target list of individual prescribers because it wanted -- strike that. was your salary as a specialty salesperson at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you remember a range? More or less than $100,000?

Q. Less than $50,000?

Q. When I say salary, I'm talking about base pay. Do you understand my question?

Q. Okay. Was any part of your pay at Mallinckrodt incentive based, to your recollection?

Q. Do you understand what I mean when I say incentive based?

Q. Bonus. Did you have an understanding of what your bonus would be based on at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Was any part of your bonus, to your knowledge, based on the volume of sales of the opioid products within your territory?

Q. So the more -- in other words, your bonus -- the more sales of prescription opioids, Mallinckrodt prescription opioids in your market, potentially the more bonus money for you, correct?

Q. So as you sit here today, you're unable to tell me whether you understood, during your time at Mallinckrodt, that if there were more prescriptions written for Mallinckrodt's branded opioids in your markets, you have no understanding of whether that meant you could potentially receive more bonus money.

Q. The question was during your time at Mallinckrodt, did you have the understanding that if there were more prescriptions written for Mallinckrodt's branded opioids in your markets, that had direct bearing on whether you would receive potentially more bonus money?

Q. And the potential for more bonus money, was that something you discussed with your supervisors at Mallinckrodt?

Q. The relationship between more prescriptions written for Mallinckrodt's branded pharmaceuticals in your market to your bonus, was that something you discussed with your supervisors at Mallinckrodt?

Q. As you sit here today, you can't recall any specific discussions?

Q. Welcome back, Mr. Clark. We started talking a little bit about your target list while you worked at Mallinckrodt. Do you recall that testimony?

Q. And would I be accurate in stating that the target list was a list of individual prescribers that Mallinckrodt assigned to you within your Knoxville market?

Q. Okay. And would I also be accurate in stating that the target list was a list of prescribers that you were supposed to visit as part of your sales responsibilities at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Is it fair to say you had an understanding as to what Mallinckrodt expected you to do with that target list?

Q. Okay. So if a prescriber was on that target list, is it fair to say that Mallinckrodt expected you to visit that prescriber?

Q. And if -- is it fair to say that Mallinckrodt -- strike that. Is it fair to say that Mallinckrodt expected you to detail that prescriber about Mallinckrodt's branded prescription opioid products?

Q. Is it fair to say that Mallinckrodt expected that, by detailing the prescribers on that target list, you would expect this result in more prescriptions being written for Mallinckrodt's opioid products, correct?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt employ other specialty drugs salespersons other than yourself selling its opioid products in Tennessee?

Q. Do you remember approximately how many?

Q. Okay. Who do you recall?

Q. Do you recall what Bo Hamilton's market was?

Q. Was it near Knoxville?

Q. So he would have been the other side of Knoxville.

Q. Do you remember where Mark Pugh's market was?

Q. Do you recall, was it just Tri-Cities or beyond the Tri-Cities?

Q. When you say Tri-Cities you are talking about Bristol, Johnson City and Kingsport, correct?

Q. Okay. And do you recall what Brad's market was?

Q. To your knowledge, did the three Mallinckrodt employees you just testified about, did they also have target lists they received from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Oh, go ahead.

Q. Thank you. it fair to say that Mallinckrodt had the same expectations with respect to those target lists as they did for yourself with respect to those other salespeople?

Q. Did you have any role in determining who was on your target list for Mallinckrodt?

Q. When you say not the first go around, what do you mean?

Q. Okay. So if I'm understanding your testimony then, when you first started in or about January of 2012 at Mallinckrodt, Mallinckrodt assigned you a target list of prescribers chosen by Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Okay. Or assigned by Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. You had no role in determining who was on that initial target list, correct?

Q. Do you know who at Mallinckrodt was responsible for assigning you the prescribers on your target list?

Q. Generally speaking, did you have an understanding?

Q. What did you -- what was your understanding of what sales operations was?

Q. You just testified that sales ops -- it's your understanding it collected data. What data are you referring to?

Q. Do you remember the -- whether that data had a name, the source of that data had a name?

Q. And you also testified that sales ops had some involvement in calculating incentive comp plans.

Q. And that would have been -- it was your understanding that the calculations for the comp plans involved this data of prescription fills.

Q. Did you interact with anyone in sales ops during your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. As you sit here today, you don't specifically remember.

Q. Do you know how Mallinckrodt's sales ops determined which prescribers to include on your target lists?

Q. At any time did Mallinckrodt advise you how to prioritize your visits with prescribers on your target list?

Q. Explain what you mean by reach.

Q. And what do you mean by frequency?

Q. When you worked at Mallinckrodt, did it advise you how to -- or which prescribers you should visit more relative to others on your target list?

Q. Well, then how did you decide which prescribers to prioritize on your target list?

Q. Do you recall any of the guidance that Mallinckrodt may have given you with respect to how you might prioritize your target list?

Q. Is it true that Mallinckrodt -- strike that. The prescribers on your initial target list from Mallinckrodt included prescribers for Mallinckrodt's opioid products, correct?

Q. Okay. So the data that sales ops was collecting in order to populate your target list, that included opioid sales data, correct?

Q. Did you ever see any of the data yourself that sales ops reviewed in putting together the target list?

Q. At some point did you have the opportunity to expand your target list?

Q. Okay. At what point did you realize the opportunity to change your target list?

Q. The first quarter after you started?

Q. Did you have any incentive to expand your target list?

Q. Why did you answer you have no incentive to expand your target list? What is the basis of that answer?

Q. Well, is it fair to say that the more targets on your list, the more opportunities for you to visit prescribers and detail them about Mallinckrodt's opioid products?

Q. Well, is it fair -- or I should say did you have an understanding that the more targets you had on your list, that would mean more opportunities to visit prescribers, potential prescribers for Mallinckrodt's opioid products?

Q. Well, do you have an understanding that prescribers were on the list for whom there was no opportunity to get prescriptions written for Mallinckrodt's opioid products?

Q. Well, if a prescriber was on your target list, was it your understanding that that prescriber represented a potential opportunity for writing of scripts for Mallinckrodt's opioid products?

Q. When you say not completely, what do you mean?

Q. Okay. You sold other non-opioid products at Mallinckrodt; is that correct?

Q. Okay. So when I refer to your target list, I'll refer -- well, I'll try to be specific and refer to the -- well, I'll try to refer to the potential opioid prescribers if I'm going to reference that. Is that fair?

Q. Okay. So going back, and let's just lay some foundation here, your target list consisted of both opioid-prescribing targets and non-opioid-prescribing targets, correct?

Q. Did you understand which of the targets were opioid-prescribing targets versus non-opioid-prescribing targets?

Q. Okay. And where did you get that understanding?

Q. And who came up with that detailed order?

Q. Someone at Mallinckrodt?

Q. How did you receive these detailed orders about what was assigned to the provider on your target list?

Q. Okay. But you received -- to your recollection you received a detailed order from Mallinckrodt for each of the providers on your target list.

Q. And from that detailed order you would know when you went to visit that prescriber whether you were there to sell a Mallinckrodt opioid product versus a non-opioid product, correct?

Q. Or both. Fair. But you would at least know whether you were visiting that prescriber to discuss an opioid product of Mallinckrodt's, correct?

Q. As you sit here today, do you recall any specific additions or subtractions from your target list that you may have made in that first quarter of 2012?

Q. Do you recall that you did make additions or subtractions to that target list in the first quarter of 2012?

Q. Did you ever receive from Mallinckrodt a list of potential targets that were not on your target list supplied by the company?

Q. If you wanted to subtract or remove a prescriber from your target list, how would you have gone about doing that at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Why else -- well, strike that. What are the reasons you would seek to have a prescriber removed from your target list? You mentioned deceased, correct?

Q. Retirement --

Q. -- is another reason, correct?

Q. What would be another reason?

Q. Any other reasons?

Q. When you say issue or reason to remove a target, what are you referring to?

Q. All right. Please explain to the jury what you mean when you say if you felt like it was a place you shouldn't be promoting this product in.

Q. Anything else?

Q. Okay. I'll ask you about these things one at a time. When you say suspicious queues, you're talking about something suspicious about the lines of patients waiting to see a particular prescriber on your target list, correct?

Q. When you say queues, I thought you meant like what did you mean by queues?

Q. C-u-e?

Q. Okay. So give the jury an example of a suspicious cue that would make you uncomfortable about a particular prescriber.

Q. And why would a security officer be a suspicious cue?

Q. Is that because you wouldn't expect there to be any reason to have a security officer on-site at a physician's office?

Q. And what would be uncomfortable about having a security officer at the physician's office?

Q. So the security officer would be there to possibly prevent some criminal activity from taking place.

Q. Well, to you, did you have some sense that a security officer was there to prevent something bad from happening to either the doctor or someone else in the office?

Q. What are some other suspicious cues other than a security officer?

Q. You're talking about money being exchanged between a patient and some representative of the office?

Q. Exchanged between someone with money or cash on them and someone at the office that you may observe occurring outside of the ordinary process of paying the bill, correct?

Q. Again, just to clarify, when you spoke about the security officer, you are talking about a security officer -- you are talking about a security officer actually working or being posted at the physician's office.

Q. And when you testified about money being exchanged in an unusual environment, you're talking about that occurring also at the physician's office.

Q. Okay. Any other red flags that you can think of?

Q. Did you receive any training from about how to identify red flags at physicians' offices?

Q. And why are you sure there were?

Q. Did you receive training from Mallinckrodt on what to do when you perceived a red flag?

Q. And again, I want to make sure that you are testifying about your time at Mallinckrodt.

Q. Do you know what you did at Mallinckrodt when you perceived or saw a red flag?

Q. And what did you do?

Q. Is your district manager someone different than the supervisors that you mentioned earlier today?

Q. Okay. So if you perceived a red flag, it was your practice to communicate that to one of your district managers.

Q. And how did -- do you remember what medium you communicated that to your district managers?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt instruct if there were a particular medium through which you should be communicating red flags to your district manager?

Q. Do you recall generally Mallinckrodt instructing you how to report red flags?

Q. Do you recall any instance where a prescriber was removed from your target list based on your communication of red flags regarding that prescriber?

Q. You don't recall or there was never

Q. What document -- I'm sorry.

Q. Did you generate notes that were done in connection with your visits to prescribers on your target list?

Q. I mean any notes of any kind, including those that may have been done in the approved system.

Q. So as you sit here today, you don't remember whether Mallinckrodt had an approved system for inputting call notes regarding your visits to prescribers on your target list?

Q. Do you remember when that change happened?

Q. Well, generally, did that change happen before or after your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you have any personal notes that you maintained outside of what would have been a standard system in the company regarding your visits to prescribers on your target list?

Q. You said you wouldn't. Does that mean you never did take any notes yourself that you maintained outside of the --

Q. -- system? Have you ever heard of the opioid epidemic?

Q. Do you know anyone addicted to opioids?

Q. How many people do you know addicted to opioids?

Q. Does that person live in this area?

Q. When I say this area, I mean the Knoxville area.

Q. Do you know anyone who abuses opioids?

Q. Well, do you have an understanding of what it means to abuse an opioid drug product?

Q. How would you define abuse?

Q. And what are those?

Q. Are there any other forms of abuse that you're familiar with?

Q. When you say one could be getting more of a delivery of a particular product than the body is therapeutically needing, are you talking about overdosing on opioids?

Q. Are you talking about defeating the controlled release mechanism of the opioid product in order to absorb more of the active opioid ingredient at one time?

Q. Well, tell me what you mean then by getting more of a delivery of a particular product than the body is therapeutically needing.

Q. Well, with respect to abuse of opioids, do you have an understanding of what that means?

Q. Are you familiar with how one would abuse opioids in such a way that it would -- one would receive more delivery of a particular product than the body is therapeutically needing?

Q. When you said another form of abuse would be using a product that was not administered to you for a need that you might have, what did you mean by that?

Q. Do you have any awareness that opioid drug products are abused in that way?

Q. Professionally, are you aware that opioids are -- products are abused in that way?

Q. Where did you gain that awareness?

Q. What did Nancy Reagan say about abuse of opioids?

Q. Do you understand what diversion means?

Q. What do you understand diversion to mean?

Q. And by divert the product, what do you mean?

Q. Could it also be taking opioid products for which you don't have a legal prescription?

Q. Could it also be selling opioids without a license to do so?

Q. Do you know anyone who has taken an illegally-diverted opioid?

Q. Well, is there such a thing as legal diversion of opioids?

Q. So illegally diverted would be redundant.

Q. Do you have an understanding of what opioid addiction is?

Q. What is that understanding?

Q. Have you ever heard of the concept of pseudoaddiction to opioids?

Q. Do you recall ever using or discussing pseudoaddiction with any of the targets on your list?

Q. Do you have an understanding of how opioids are diverted?

Q. Well, we talked about generally what diversion was. Do you recall that?

Q. Okay. And you testified you have some understanding of the concept of diversion of a prescription drug, correct?

Q. Okay. Specifically with respect to opioids --

Q. -- do you have any understanding of what diversion means with respect to an opioid drug?

Q. So when you testified about diversion earlier, that definition would apply equally to opioid products as well.

Q. Do you have an understanding that opioids are highly addictive?

Q. Did you receive training at Mallinckrodt with respect to the highly-addictive nature of opioid products that Mallinckrodt sold?

Q. Generally speaking, do you recall receiving some training about the addictive nature of opioids?

Q. Working at Mallinckrodt, that was the first time you sold an opioid product, correct?

Q. Okay. Did you receive training at any point before you worked for Mallinckrodt about opioids?

Q. Other than the training you received at Mallinckrodt about the addictive nature of opioids, is there any other source from which you learned or educated yourself about opioids?

Q. As someone who has worked in pharmaceutical sales for almost 20 years, is it fair to say that you're aware of a national opioid abuse and diversion issue in this country?

Q. When would you say you first gained awareness of that?

Q. And you include opioids in that as well?

Q. Well, you said going back before you were born

Q. You said that there was an awareness of abuse and diversion issues in this country with respect to pharmaceutical drugs, correct?

Q. Okay. My question is specifically with respect to opioids, okay? Did you -- were you aware of an opioid abuse and diversion problem in this country?

Q. And when did you first gain awareness of the opioid abuse and diversion problem in this country?

Q. Were you aware of an opioid abuse and diversion issue specifically in Tennessee?

Q. But including Tennessee for sure, correct?

Q. Okay. Are you aware of prescription opioid rates in Tennessee?

Q. Is that something that you would have known when you worked at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Does that mean you did know and you have forgotten?

Q. Did doing your sales job duties at Mallinckrodt require you to have an understanding of prescription opioid rates in Tennessee?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever instruct you that you -- or train you to know what those prescription opioid rates were in in order to do your job responsibilities?

Q. Do you recall ever having discussions with people at Mallinckrodt concerning opioid abuse in Tennessee?

Q. Do you recall ever receiving communications that maybe weren't a conversation from people at Mallinckrodt concerning opioid abuse in Tennessee?

Q. So no e-mails about abuse that you can recall from anybody at Mallinckrodt that was occurring in Tennessee?

Q. We talked a little bit about this before, but did you receive any specific training from Mallinckrodt on how to identify problematic opioid prescribers?

Q. Well, I'll use your earlier description. Did you receive any training from Mallinckrodt concerning a place you shouldn't be making calls regarding opioid products?

Q. But that never happened, according to you, correct?

Q. Reporting to a district manager that there was a target on your list that was a place that you shouldn't be because of red flags.

Q. Okay. Let's talk about that.

Q. When did that happen?

Q. Okay. And who was the non-target that you reported?

Q. What was the location?

Q. Lovell, L o v e 1 1?

Q. That's here in Knoxville?

Q. Do you remember the name of the medical practitioner there?

Q. And what was it about this non-target on Lovell Road that caused you to make a report to your district manager?

Q. So the exterior video cameras were another red flag to you?

Q. And the location being next to an adult bookstore, that also created a red flag for you?

Q. Relatively speaking, was that area of town a depressed area of town?

Q. What caused you to be what caused you to be there to notice that, those red flags about that Lovell Road location?

Q. And what did you notice what tipped you off that that location at Lovell Road was

Q. Did the name involve the name of the word pain in some way or pain management?

Q. Do you recall if this was a potential opioid prescriber location?

Q. Understood, but your -- it was on your radar, is it fair to say, because you noticed that that location was most likely prescribing opioids?

Q. Let me rephrase. What was it about the marquis that led you to believe there were opioids being sold at that location?

Q. And did you attempt to call the location?

Q. Did you speak to someone?

Q. When I say you called the location, I mean you stopped physically and met with those individuals, correct?

Q. Okay. And you walked into the office?

Q. That was where the front desk was, inside?

Q. Okay. And do you recall the interactions with the front desk?

Q. Okay. Do you recall what it was about -- was there anything suspicious to you about the interactions with the front desk?

Q. Do you recall why?

Q. Do you recall your interactions with the security officer?

Q. And was there anything suspicious about your interactions with the security officer?

Q. And did you communicate that you were a person who sold opioid products for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Approximately how long were you at the location?

Q. And then how did you communicate your -- the events that occurred at that location to your district manager?

Q. Do you remember when you communicated --

Q. Well, I should say -- let me rephrase. How long after your cold-call to the Lovell Road location did you communicate that visit to your district manager?

Q. So right away.

Q. Do you know what, if anything, your district manager did with that information about the Lovell Road location?

Q. Did you ever hear anything else about the Lovell Road location after that?

Q. Mr. Clark, you testified about the cold-call to the Lovell Road location. Do you recall that?

Q. And you testified that you understood you had the liberty at Mallinckrodt to cold-call certain locations, correct?

Q. Okay. Where did you get the where did you gain that understanding?

Q. Specifically to Mallinckrodt or

Q. Wait for my question.

Q. That's okay. Specifically did Mallinckrodt tell you you should or shouldn't be cold-calling facilities you knew that might be prescribing opioids?

Q. Okay. But no one at Mallinckrodt, to your knowledge, ever told you, "Don't do that."

Q. Okay. When working at Mallinckrodt, did you receive news reports regarding opioid abuse or diversion?

Q. Anyone.

Q. My follow-up was going to be did anyone at Mallinckrodt ever share with you news reports about opioid abuse and diversion to your knowledge?

Q. In connection with your job at Mallinckrodt working in the Knoxville market, did you ever review material from the Tennessee Department of Health regarding Tennessee's opioid abuse problem?

Q. To your knowledge, did Mallinckrodt maintain a no-call list while you worked for them?

Q. Well, have you ever heard of a no-call list for physician prescribers in connection with opioid sales --

Q. -- or sales of pharmaceuticals in general?

Q. Well, is there a difference?

Q. Okay. What is your perspective on what a no-call list is?

Q. Okay. To your knowledge, did have a no-call list for your Knoxville market?

Q. But that -- you never did find one that you told Mallinckrodt you consider to be a no-call physician prescriber or prescriber of opioids, correct?

Q. You never reported to Mallinckrodt that any particular prescriber of opioids should be placed on a no-call list, correct?

Q. To your knowledge, did Mallinckrodt ever tell you to stop calling on a prescriber for opioids in Tennessee?

Q. Mr. Clark, in your 20 years of experience as a pharmaceutical sales rep, did you ever hear of the term pill mill?

Q. And what do you understand a pill mill to be?

Q. Okay. What were those connotations?

Q. Does pill mill carry any other connotations that you can think of?

Q. The term pill mill is pejorative, correct?

Q. It's a negative term, correct?

Q. Okay. So let me understand then. If it's -- if the connotation of pill mill is it's a location with multiple providers and with a large volume of pills, is that a negative thing?

Q. Have you ever used the term pill mill in a way that was not negative?

Q. Have you ever heard anyone else use the term pill mill in a way that was not a negative?

Q. Okay. And what are some of the signs of a pill mill?

Q. Any context.

Q. Okay. And what are some signs that the large volume is done in a way that would be characterized as being illegal or not in the best interest of a patient?

Q. What are some signs that the large volume is being done in a way that would be characterized as being illegal or in the -- not in the best interest of a patient?

Q. But were you aware of what those signs were?

Q. Okay. What about having a security officer? Is that a sign of a pill mill?

Q. Would having a high number of cash-paying patients be indicative of a possible pill mill?

Q. So you don't view a prescriber having a high volume of cash-paving patients as being a sign of a possible pill mill.

Q. Okay. When I refer to pill mill, I'm going to refer to opioid prescribers that may be referred to as pill mills, okay?

Q. So in that context, would you view

Q. You may have never witnessed it, but do you have any awareness that that's a potential sign of an opioid seller being a pill mill?

Q. Do you remember ever receiving any training or guidance from Mallinckrodt with respect to whether you should be observing the volume of cash payers at an opioid prescriber as a potential sign of a pill mill?

Q. Is having irregular business hours, would that be a sign of a pill mill?

Q. What is a regular -- well, let me ask you. Do you have any sense of what regular business hours are for a pain clinic?

Q. Was it usual for a pain clinic to be open 24 hours a day?

Q. Was it usual for a pain clinic to be open all night?

Q. None of your providers on your target lists were ever open all night?

Q. The ones that sold opioids, anyway.

Q. Would you think that's irregular if

Q. Okay. It would be unique in what sense? It doesn't happen very often?

Q. Okay. So that would you would agree with me then that that would be irregular.

Q. Have you ever heard of the term drive-by examination?

Q. Having long lines of patients waiting to be seen by a prescribing physician for opioids, would that be a sign of a possible pill mill?

Q. A line of patients waiting to get in to be seen to receive a prescription drug.

Q. Do you understand that would be a sign of a pill mill?

Q. How about cars in the parking lot with out-of-state or out-of-area license plates? Is it your understanding that that would be a sign that the prescribing -- the prescriber for opioids is a pill mill?

Q. Any context.

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever provide any guidance or training about identifying the -- there being cars parked in the parking lot with out-of-state or out-of-area license plates being the sign of a pill mill?

Q. Can you think of a time where you used pill mill in a positive context?

Q. Can you think of a time you ever did use pill mill in a positive light?

Q. Can you think of a time where you heard anyone at Mallinckrodt use pill mill in a positive light?

Q. Did you ever use pill mill -- can you think of any instance where you used pill mill in a negative light?

Q. Can you think of an instance where anyone at Mallinckrodt used pill mill in a negative light?

Q. Mr. Clark, you're free to review the document. My question is going to be, once you are finished, do you recognize the document.

Q. My question is do you recognize this document?

Q. Did you have an e-mail address when you worked at Mallinckrodt that was christopher.clark@covidien.com?

Q. Okay. Any reason to doubt that this e-mail -- that you sent this e-mail to Dan Polesovsky on or about April 10th, 2013?

Q. Okay. You regularly sent e-mails during the course of your business duties at Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. After reading the documents, is there any reason to think you didn't send this e-mail?

Q. Okay. I want to refer you towards the bottom of the page. Generally speaking, this e-mail you're reporting to Mr. Polesovsky, who was your district manager at the time, correct?

Q. You're reporting to him about your visiting targets in the field that day, correct?

Q. So a fair description is this is a report about what you did, what visits you did on this particular day.

Q. Okay. At the bottom -- well, near the bottom of the page is a paragraph starting, "We attempted." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Would you read that paragraph?

Q. Do you recall that visit with Brandy Burchell?

Q. Do you recall the conversation with Christina Collins?

Q. Okay. You make the comment that this is an obvious pill mill location, correct?

Q. Okay. And do you recall whether your use of pill mill in this context was a negative?

Q. Do you remember anything about Ms. Burchell's practice that would have suggested to you that it was an obvious pill mill location?

Q. Was Bearden Healthcare one of your targets?

Q. And at some point Ms. Burchell and Ms. Collins, you interacted with them when they worked at Bearden.

Q. Other than Bearden being -- or Ms. Burchell or Ms. Collins being high prescribers, to your knowledge, was there anything else about that visit that suggested to you it was an obvious pill mill location?

Q. Do you know if Ms. Burchell or Ms. Collins were ever put on a no-call list by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you recall specifically if they were on your target list?

Q. Do you recall if Mallinckrodt ever removed Ms. Burchell or Ms. Collins from your target list?

Q. Do you recall which opioid product you were selling at this time for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you remember any follow-up from Mr. Polesovsky regarding your comment that Ms. Burchell and Ms. Collins were an obvious pill mill location?

Q. I'll hand you a document we've identified as Exhibit 3 to your deposition. This is Bates stamped MNK TNSTA08936659. Take a moment to review the document and let me know when you are finished.

Q. Do you have any reason to doubt that you sent and received these e-mails on this exhibit on or about this date of May 30th, 2014?

Q. Here you've got an e-mail address of christopher.clark@mallinckrodt.com. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So you had both a christopher.clark@covidien.com e-mail and an @mallinckrodt.com e-mail; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. But during the course of your tenure at Mallinckrodt, you had both e-mails.

Q. Okay. And you sent and received e-mails from both addresses in the course of your business duties, correct?

Q. And Mark Pugh, you identified him earlier. He's another sales rep for, correct?

Q. Okay. Mr. Pugh, in the e-mail at the very bottom, his e-mail is titled "Possible Target" and he lists Dr. Foster on Jennifer Lane. Do you see that?

Q. I'm sorry. It's Dr. Foster, Jennifer Lane, nurse practitioner. I stand corrected. Is that right?

Q. Okay. And the subject line of his e-mail is, "Possible Target." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall receiving that e-mail?

Q. And you respond in the e-mail right above that, correct?

Q. And can you read what you wrote to Mr. Pugh?

Q. Okay. And then Mr. Pugh goes on to respond to your e-mail and he says, "Dr. Foster oversees a small pain office in Johnson City," correct?

Q. Okay. Does reading this e-mail refresh your recollection about this discussion between -- e-mail discussion between yourself and Mr. Pugh about Dr. Foster's practice?

Q. You referred to Dr. Foster as a pill mill, correct?

Q. Okay. And you identified that they are already a target, not just a possible target, for Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Well, let me try to understand. When you said -- responded to Mr. Pugh's e-mail tilted "Possible Target," you wrote, "They are already targets," correct?

Q. Do you remember why you wrote that?

Q. Do you know how you would have learned that Dr. Foster was already a target for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Well, what do you think it means today?

Q. Do you know if he was on your list?

Q. Well, he was in Johnson City. So he probably wasn't on your list, correct?

Q. And then you go on, "Or at least he is but you can't see them, they are a pill mill," correct?

Q. Okay. What do you mean by "at least he is but you can't see them"?

Q. Okay. Do you have any recollection as to why you identified Dr. Foster's practice as a pill mill?

Q. Did you have any other discussions with Mr. Pugh about Dr. Foster's practice being a pill mill?

Q. Do you recall any discussions with anyone else at Mallinckrodt about Dr. Foster's practice being a pill mill?

Q. Looking in this context of your e-mail, do you know whether you are referring -- you are referring to Dr. Foster's practice as a pill mill in a negative light, correct?

Q. Do you ever recall recommending to other sales reps that they call on a particular opioid provider because they were a pill mill?

Q. Do you ever recall recommending to other sales reps at Mallinckrodt that they call on a particular opioid prescriber because they were a pill mill?

Q. Would you have done that?

Q. On a --

Q. On a prescriber -- on any prescriber of opioids on the basis that they were a pill mill.

Q. So the answer to my question is no, you wouldn't have done that.

Q. Going back to the use of the word pill mill in a negative sense, do you have any understanding of what the risks -- of the risks that are caused by an opioid pill mill as that term is understood in the negative sense?

Q. So you have no understanding of the risks posed by an opioid pill mill in the negative sense?

Q. So you don't view for example, a prescriber who sees one patient for prescribing opioids, you view that as exactly the same risk profile as a prescriber who sees 1,000 patients for opioid prescriptions over the same time period.

Q. Does the -- is there an increased risk that opioids are being abused if the opioid prescriber is characterized as

Q. Is there increased risk that opioids are being diverted if the opioid prescriber is characterized as a pill mill in the negative light?

Q. In your experience, do patients with legitimate medical need visit an opioid pill mill in the negative sense?

Q. In your experience, is an illegitimate opioid prescription generally more likely to issue from an opioid pill mill?

Q. At any point during the course of your selling opioids for Mallinckrodt, did anyone tell you that an illegitimate opioid prescription is generally more likely to issue from a pill mill?

Q. So to the best of your knowledge, did you detail pill mills while working at Mallinckrodt?

Q. I want you to tell the jury whether you believe you detailed any pill mill in any context while you worked at Mallinckrodt.

Q. Any pill mill that you recall detailing while you worked at Mallinckrodt.

Q. Did you refer to those providers that you just testified about as pill mills?

Q. Did anyone at Mallinckrodt, to your knowledge, refer to those providers that you just testified about as pill mills?

Q. With respect to the former Bearden Healthcare nurse practitioners, we agreed that was the use of pill mill in a negative light, correct?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt -- did you receive any -- strike that. you receive any training or guidance at Mallinckrodt as to what would constitute

Q. Well, so you don't recall specifics.

Q. Did Mallinckrodt advise you to be on the lookout for opioid pill mills during your employment?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever tell you how to identify an opioid pill mill?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever tell you what to do if you did identify a pill mill?

Q. Any context.

Q. Okay. And did you ever alert your district manager about your awareness of a negative pill mill?

Q. You didn't consider the Lovell Road location to be a pill mill?

Q. Okay. So going back to my original question, you never reported what you believed to be

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever advise you to avoid selling to pill mills?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever share with you a list of suspected pill mills in your Knoxville market?

Q. During your time at Mallinckrodt, did the company assign you a pill mill as a target, to your knowledge?

Q. If Mallinckrodt had determined that you had a pill mill in the negative context on your target list, would you have wanted to know that?

Q. I'll hand you Exhibit 4, which is Bates stamped MNK TNSTA089385C8.

Q. Have you had a chance to review Exhibit 4?

Q. Okay. Have you ever seen this document before today?

Q. Okay. And you'll agree that you are not copied anywhere on this document, correct?

Q. Okay. This document is dated -- the e-mails in this document, the first one at the top of the first page is dated September 8th, 2011, correct?

Q. Okay. And it says it's from Todd Dean. Do you recognize that name?

Q. And is he the individual you identified earlier in your deposition as being your first district manager at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And this date, September 8th, 2011, that's before you began at Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. This e-mail is to someone named Brad Albus. Do you know who that is?

Q. Do you know what his role at Mallinckrodt was?

Q. Okay. Do you know who Bill Nichols is?

Q. Who is Bill Nichols?

Q. Okay. A question about Todd Dean. What was his area, geographically, of responsibility? Do you know?

Q. Okay. But you understood that Mr. Dean's geographic area of responsibility included your district or your market in Knoxville.

Q. Okay. And did you understand it covered other areas of East Tennessee?

Q. Did Mr. Dean have responsibility for the entire state of Tennessee, to your knowledge?

Q. Okay. Who was the manager that had responsibility for other parts of Tennessee, if you remember?

Q. Okay. The subject of this e-mail to Mr. Dean is, "RE: Potential pill mill physicians list with addresses, South Carolina District," correct?

Q. And the importance is listed as high, correct?

Q. Okay. In conjunction with the next several exhibits I'm going to be displaying slides which we'll mark as exhibits after the deposition, post deposition.

Q. Okay. Mr. Clark, I'm going to have you take a look at the screen. Okay. What I've placed on the screen is the first page of Exhibit 4.

Q. Okay. I'm going to represent to you that the Bates stamp at the bottom of the page I'm looking at is MNK INSTA089538508. Do you have any reason to disagree with that?

Q. Okay. You can't read that?

Q. I'm going to close it and you can ignore it. I'm going to ask you questions about Exhibit 4, which I just handed to you.

Q. Okay. Mr. Dean, in the e-mail to Mr. Albus says, would you agree, "Here is the pill mill Physician/PA's/NP that are critically hurting Eastern Tennessee in my district." Did I read that accurately?

Q. Okay. "As you can imagine, this is huge to the performance of the representatives in these geographies and I believe extremely important that we back out of the quota/goaling in 2012." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And then he closes the e-mail by saying, "Thanks so much for addressing getting these pill mills removed." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And you testified you don't remember ever receiving this document before today, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you recall ever discussing with Mr. Dean the subject matter of his e-mail?

Q. Okay. Can you tell -- based on the context of the word pill mill in this e-mail, do you have a sense of whether this was the negative use of pill mill?

Q. Okay. Well, he states that these are critically hurting Eastern Tennessee in my district.

Q. Okay. Do you interpret that as a negative thing?

Q. Okay. Do you have any understanding as to why Mr. Dean would have wanted the pill mills removed from the list of prescribers for targets in this district?

Q. Do you have any understanding of what he meant when he said, "As you can imagine, this is huge to performance of the representatives in these geographies"?

Q. Do you have any understanding of what he meant by "I believe extremely important that we back out of the quota/goaling in 2012"?

Q. Okay. Were you ever given quotas by Mr. Dean?

Q. And how did you receive those quotas?

Q. And how often were your given quotas from Mallinckrodt?

Q. And that would be a quota for a particular volume that they wanted you to achieve with your target prescribers for the drugs that you were selling, correct?

Q. And that included prescription opioids?

Q. Okay. And those quotas, you said, were updated quarterly.

Q. Okay. Is there a difference between a quota and the term goaling to your knowledge?

Q. Have you ever heard the term goaling used at Mallinckrodt?

Q. What is your understanding of what goaling means?

Q. So quota or goal, you understand they are basically the same term.

Q. Okay. Go over to the second page of that document. There are names and addresses on that page, correct?

Q. Okay. Looking at the names on this list, do you recognize any of those names?

Q. You recognize two names?

Q. Okay. Which names do you recognize?

Q. Okay. And do you know who Ms. Green is?

Q. Okay. She's a person who prescribes prescription opioids, correct?

Q. Well, she's a medical practitioner, correct?

Q. In what context did you meet Ms. Green?

Q. Was that office in LaFollette, was that in your district?

Q. Okay. This office that's listed for Ms. Green at *Redacted

Q. -- in Knoxville, do you know approximately where that is?

Q. The zip code being ;* Redacted-R;

Q. Is that location or that address, do you know that to be inside of your district?

Q. I'm sorry. Your territory at Mallinckrodt.

Q. Okay. Do you know whose territory that would have been in?

Q. And you say you recognized -- I'm sorry. Was Ms. Green ever one of your target providers at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And I apologize if I asked this, but how did you get to know who Ms. Green was?

Q. And the second name you said you recognized was David Brickhouse, correct?

Q. Okay. How do you know who he is?

Q. Okay. Let's talk about this one at

Q. Okay. And why was that name in the news, to your recollection?

Q. Okay. Is that the only news you remember about Mr. Brickhouse, Dr. Brickhouse?

Q. Okay. And you said you had a colleague -- I'm sorry, an associate that ran the lab. What do you mean by that?

Q. Who was this colleague?

Q. What kind of lab did Mr. Coffman own?

Q. Generally what kind of lab, laboratory?

Q. What did it do?

Q. Okay. And why is Mr. Brickhouse's name why do you associate that with the lab that Mr. Coffman worked at?

Q. Okay. Do you recognize the name Gayanne McCroskey?

Q. Gayanne.

Q. She's about halfway down that list.

Q. Do you recognize that address of

Q. What do you recognize that -- how do you recognize that address?

Q. That was in your Knoxville market?

Q. Okay. Do you see the name Michelle Cate below that?

Q. Five names down.

Q. Do you know who that is?

Q. Do you recognize that address of 1928 Alcoa Highway, Suite 102?

Q. Was that --

Q. That's at UT Hospital?

Q. Okay. And was your -- was UT Hospital in your Knoxville market?

Q. Okay. About five names below that, do you see the name Abdelrahman Mohamed?

Q. Do you recognize that name?

Q. Rogersville, Tennessee, was that inside your Knoxville market?

Q. Going back up two names below David Brickhouse, do you see the name Donna Jeanne Smith?

Q. Okay. And do you see the address or II *Redacted -

Q. Was that inside your Knoxville market?

Q. Okay. And then lastly, three names below that, do you see Freddie Kojima.

Q. And that's at 460 Medical Park Drive in Lenoir City, Tennessee.

Q. Okay. Was that inside your Knoxville market?

Q. Okay. Do you recall visiting or calling on Mr. -- he's a nurse practitioner, Mr. Kojima.

Q. Do you recall ever visiting that location, 460 Medical Park Drive?

Q. Do you know which -- well, actually there's a name -- two names below Ms. Green --

Q. -- there's Allen Foster.

Q. Do you see that name?

Q. Located at 900 Woodlawn Drive in Knoxville.

Q. Is that inside your Knoxville market?

Q. Do you know whose that would have been?

Q. Okay. So is it fair to say that it -- for the Knoxville addresses that if you don't identify them as being part of your Knoxville market, then at the time they would have been Bo Hamilton's, included in his market? Is that fair?

Q. Okay. Was Mr. Hamilton always -- did your tenures overlap completely at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Who preceded Mr. Hamilton in his Knoxville market, to your knowledge?

Q. Vacant as in no one from Mallinckrodt was working in that market?

Q. Okay. Do you remember approximately how long after you joined Mallinckrodt Mr. Mitchell joined?

Q. I'm sorry. Hamilton.

Q. Okay. Did he stay with Mallinckrodt after you left the company?

Q. Mr. Clark, we are still looking at Exhibit 4 to your deposition, the second page of that exhibit, the names, and I'm going to ask you, what does it say under reason-comment column for David Brickhouse?

Q. Do you know David Brickhouse to be a physician assistant?

Q. Okay. What does it say in reason-comment for Freddie Kojima?

Q. And do you know -- well, NP, does that typically stand for nurse practitioner?

Q. And what does it say under reason-comment for Michelle Cate?

Q. And what does it say for Gayanne McCroskey?

Q. What does it say for Abdelrahman Mohamed?

Q. Okay. Do you see the name Rona Addington?

Q. Okay. Do you know that individual?

Q. It lists her as being in Kingsport, correct?

Q. What does it say under reason-comment for Ms. Addington?

Q. Do you see Dennis Harris?

Q. It has him listed as being located in Morristown, correct?

Q. Okay. And what does it list under reason-comment for Mr. Harris?

Q. Do you see Anna Worley up near the top?

Q. Do you know her?

Q. She's listed as 2211 East Broadway in Maryville, correct?

Q. What does it state under reason-comment for her?

Q. Do you see Desiree Kinard?

Q. Do you know who that is?

Q. She's listed as being in Cleveland, Tennessee, correct?

Q. Is Cleveland in your market?

Q. Do you recall calling on Ms. Kinard?

Q. What does it say under reason-comment for Ms. Kinard?

Q. Steven Jackson, he's located just a little bit above there. Do you see that name?

Q. He's located at L *Redacted - Pir." - Pll

Q. That'sHREdadted-PWcorrect?

Q. Was that in your market?

Q. What does it state next to Dr. -- or reason-comment?

Q. You testified a little bit earlier about David Brickhouse, that that name rung a bell with you, right?

Q. Okay. Do you recall Mr. -- or -- yes, Mr. Brickhouse being indicted by a federal grand jury in 2014 for conspiracy to distribute controlled substances and money laundering?

Q. Do you know the Breakthrough Pain Therapy Pain Center in Maryville?

Q. Is that a target you called on?

Q. Maryville.

Q. I've got the W.j PII address for Mr. Brickhouse, but that stays . The name Breakthrough Pain Therapy Center doesn't ring a bell?

Q. Okay. Keep that one just handy, okay?

Q. I'll hand you Exhibit 5, which we will identify as Bates No. MNK TNSTA08938532. Review the document and let me know if you recognize it.

Q. Do you recognize the document?

Q. Okay. This document, the first e-mail on the page is from Todd Dean dated October 19th, 2011, to Brad Albus. "Subject: Forward, Potential Pill Mill Physicians List with Addresses, South Carolina District." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. Once again, Mr. Dean was your DM when you started at Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. The importance of this e-mail is listed as high, correct?

Q. Okay. And would you agree with me this e-mail is sent roughly a month after the e-mail we saw in Exhibit 4?

Q. Okay. And the e-mail states: "Brad, this is the pill mill list I sent you on September 8th. These are still showing up in the Tennessee Reps Target List. It's a huge problem." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. If you take a look at the fourth page of the document -- I know yours is double-sided, so it's -- when I say the fourth page, I mean the back half of the last page.

Q. You see a chart there. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And do you see the same names listed on this chart as you saw in Exhibit 4 that we talked about previously?

Q. Okay. This e-mail being sent October of 2012, that's approximately two months before you started working for Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Mr. Clark, I've handed you a document Bates stamped MNK TNSTA08934355. Let me know when you've had a chance to review the document.

Q. Have you ever seen this document before today?

Q. Okay. The first page says it's an e-mail from yourself to Anne Holmes dated March 23rd, 2012, correct?

Q. The subject of the e-mail is, "My top list," correct?

Q. Any reason to doubt you sent this e-mail on or about this date of March 23rd, 2012?

Q. Okay. This e-mail was sent approximately two months after you started working for Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. And who is Anne Holmes?

Q. So she was also a sales rep for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. What was her market? Do you recall?

Q. Okay. Were you both reporting to Todd Dean at the time?

Q. Okay. So you were within the same -- you call it a district, right?

Q. Okay. And can you identify what's attached to your e-mail?

Q. Okay. And is this your physician target report, to the best of your knowledge, on or about this date?

Q. Okay. As you sit here, do you know why you sent this e-mail titled "my top list" to Ms. Holmes?

Q. Okay. Do you recall -- well, did Mallinckrodt give you this list, to the best of your recollection?

Q. Okay. Do you know who specifically at Mallinckrodt would have given it to you?

Q. Let me ask you, on the first page of the spreadsheet, Item 27, do you see an individual named Frank McNiel?

Q. Do you know Mr. -- or Dr. McNiel?

Q. And how do you know him?

Q. Okay. And is that -- was that his location at that time, [ - 1Recladted-Wto the best of your recollection?

Q. Do you know what territory rank means? The column territory rank, do you know what that is supposed to signify?

Q. Okay. And that location at !*Redacted • Pll i I Pike, do you know, was that an office building or was that a private residence, to the best of your recollection?

Q. Okay. Did Mr. McNiel, to your recollection about this time, practice with Bearden Healthcare?

Q. Okay. And priority is listed as EP, do you know what that signifies?

Q. Okay. So E is -- according to your testimony, E signifies that you are selling the Mallinckrodt opioid product Exalgo to Mr. McNiel per this target list?

Q. Okay. Under notes it has the comment "good." Do you know what that signifies?

Q. Did you input any of the information we see in this exhibit, this spreadsheet, to the exhibit?

Q. Okay. So all of the notes, these are your notes then?

Q. Is that your testimony? Okay. Now, was there a time -- strike that. Did you, to the best of your recollection, make sales calls to Dr. McNiel throughout your tenure at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Was there a time when you stopped calling on Dr. McNiel?

Q. Okay. Do you recall Dr. McNiel leaving Bearden Healthcare during your tenure with Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you recall Dr. McNiel worked at Bearden Healthcare with his wife, named Janet McNiel?

Q. Does that ring a bell? And do you recall whether Dr. McNiel stopped being a target on your target list after he left Bearden Healthcare?

Q. Flip over to the second page of that spreadsheet. About three-fourths of the way down, do you see Janet McNiel's name?

Q. She's also located at 103 -- I'm sorr y. L hdacted Pll

Q. Okay. And according to your notes, you're also she's listed as being a target for Exalgo, correct?

Q. Okay. And you wrote, "Okay." you know what that means?

Q. All right. At the very bottom of that page, do you see the name Gayanne McCroskey?

Q. Okay.i "Redacted - Pll

Q. Okay. And that was in your territory?

Q. Okay. And she was one of the individuals that had the comment -- reason-comment "pill mill" next to her name that we saw on Exhibit 4, correct?

Q. Go to the next page. from the bottom, do you see the name David Brickhouse?

Q. Do you see at the location of !i*Red.d.pul.in medacted - Pll I i *Redacted

Q. Okay. And do you see the E next to his name that says -- that stands for Exalgo?

Q. Okay. And do you recognize his name as also being listed under the reason-comment pill mill on Exhibit 4?

Q. Last one, do you see the name Michelle Cate?

Q. Do you see her at P.O. Box 51410 in Knoxville?

Q. Okay. Do you see the E next to her name for Exalgo?

Q. Okay. It says in Newport. What does that signify?

Q. Okay. Do you know whose territory that was?

Q. Is that Newport, Tennessee or --

Q. Okay. And just for people who may not be familiar on the jury, where is Newport, Tennessee?

Q. Okay. So upper East Tennessee?

Q. Okay. Do you remember whose territory that was during your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. I'll hand you Exhibit 7, which is Bates stamped MNK TNSTA08935758. Take a look at it and let me know when you are ready.

Q. Okay. Do you recognize Exhibit 7?

Q. It purports to be an e-mail from Brad Albus to yourself dated April 5th, 2012.

Q. Do you agree this -- the first e-mail on the page says it's from Brad Albus to yourself dated April 5th, 2012?

Q. Okay. The subject of this e-mail is regarding Q4 target change, workbook attached, action required, correct?

Q. Okay. Any reason to doubt you received this e-mail in the ordinary course of business during your tenure at Mallinckrodt?

Q. The e-mail states, "Chris, I have sent your e-mail along to Travis Moore. In the meantime I have attached a list of your Q3 targets. At least with this you will be able to begin reviewing names and addresses." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Now, this e-mail was sent approximately three months after you started working for Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Okay. And Brad Albus, you testified earlier he was someone that Todd Dean reported to; is that correct?

Q. Oh, was he someone -- was he a superior of yours at some point?

Q. Okay. But he was manager of sales operations, according to the e-mail, right?

Q. And earlier today I think you testified about the fact that you had some understanding that the sales operation team at Mallinckrodt helped put together the target lists for you, correct?

Q. Okay. And so was Mr. Albus one of those people that you recognize as being part of the sales operations team that put together your target lists at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Let's take a look at the attachment to the e-mail. The first page of the e-mail, Lines 14 and 15, do you see Janet McNiel and Frank McNiel?

Q. Again, if you look at the column marked V, Priority, they've got an E there, along with a P, but the E signifies that you are selling Exalgo to those providers; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Go to Line 50. Do you see Michelle Cate listed there?

Q. Okay. And again, she's got -- for Column V she's got an E next to her name. So the priority for Ms. Cate was, correct?

Q. Go down to Line 97. Do you see Gayanne McCroskey?

Q. And do you see Column V, the priority for McCroskey was also Exalgo, correct?

Q. If you scroll over to the next page, Line 195, do you see David Brickhouse listed there?

Q. And he's also got an E under the priority column for Exalgo as a priority, correct?

Q. Go back to the page in the exhibit that ends with 760 in the Bates stamp. Actually, I take that back. Go to the first page. Do you see there's an e-mail which started this chain at the bottom of the first page from Brad Albus to a number of individuals. I don't think you're included in that initial e-mail, correct?

Q. Okay. So you -- so it was your understanding that at Mallinckrodt that if there was something addressed to the #MKG-Pharma Field Sales address, that was a group that included your e-mail. Was that your understanding?

Q. Okay. Do you remember receiving the original e-mail from Mr. Albus that's dated April 5th, 2012 at 1:00 p.m.?

Q. Okay. So go over to the second page of this exhibit. At the bottom Mr. Albus e-mails -- there's a paragraph starting "Schedule for Q4 target changes." Do you see that?

Q. Flip over to the next page, the top. There's a paragraph starting, "As a reminder." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Can you read where it says "as a reminder" through that first bullet point?

Q. Okay. That's the second bullet.

Q. That's okay. You worked over time. Okay. Questionable account, was that a phrase that you were familiar with during your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Do you recall discussing what you read in the first bullet point with either Mr. Albus or any of your DM's at Mallinckrodt?

Q. As to your targets, with relation to your targets, identifying your targets as questionable accounts.

Q. Okay. But before we turn to the exhibit --

Q. -- let me ask you just a couple of initial questions. Have you ever heard of the term Exalgo 3 Star prescriber during your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Have you ever heard the term INSPIRE message?

Q. INSPIRE in all caps.

Q. Okay. All right. Exhibit 5 is Bates stamped MNKTNSTA08513485. Take another look at Exhibit 5 and let me know when you're ready. I apologize. I meant to say Exhibit 8. Exhibit 8 is what we are looking at.

Q. Do you recognize Exhibit 8?

Q. This e-mail was sent approximately -- well, there's an e-mail -- the e-mail we have is from Todd Dean to a number of individuals, including yourself, dated June 25th, 2012, correct?

Q. The subject is: "Exalgo 3 Star Prescribers and 16 Milligram Pharmacies," correct?

Q. The importance of this is high, correct?

Q. This e-mail was sent approximately six months after you started working for, correct?

Q. Did you typically read e-mails that Mr. Dean would send you?

Q. Okay. Any reason to doubt that you received or -- I'm sorry. Any reason to doubt you received this e-mail from Mr. Dean on or about this date?

Q. Believe you didn't receive this e-mail from Mr. Dean on or about this date.

Q. As you sit here today, you don't specifically remember reading it.

Q. Can you read the first -- where it starts, "Team Solutions," through that first paragraph. Can you read that, please?

Q. Team Solutions, is that a familiar phrase to you?

Q. And what do you understand Team Solutions to be?

Q. When Mr. Dean used the phrase "with all of the detractors last week," do you know what he's talking about?

Q. The first bullet point there, would you read that?

Q. Okay. The INSPIRE message that's listed there, does that refresh your recollection as to what INSPIRE is?

Q. Okay. Read that second bullet.

Q. And then the last bullet, would you read that, please?

Q. Do you understand what Mr. Dean meant when he wrote "schedule lunches now"?

Q. What was your understanding of what that meant?

Q. And explain to the jury what that means when -- to schedule a lunch as you're -- in this context. What's -- can you explain that?

Q. So when you scheduled a lunch, that meant that you would bring -- buy lunch and bring it in for that prescriber, potentially his staff, others in the office, and you would meet during the lunch hour and eat and talk about the products you were selling, correct?

Q. Do you remember approximately how many lunches a month you would schedule with your targets?

Q. Do you have any ballpark that you can remember?

Q. Was it -- for example, was it more than 30 lunches a month?

Q. Was it more than ten lunches a month?

Q. Across your target list.

Q. So it wasn't unheard of that you may have ten lunches in a given month across your target list?

Q. Okay. All right. So at the bottom of that first page, the e-mail continues, "Field Sales Force." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. What's that -- can you read that next sentence?

Q. So according to what you just read, there was a -- at that time Mallinckrodt was selling

Q. Okay. And it was getting ready for

Q. Okay. And it also states that there's a list of 3 Star prescribers that is attached that is "in an effort to help us target the right physicians and pharmacies for that launch," correct?

Q. Go to the next page. Read that first bullet, please.

Q. And then read that next bullet, please.

Q. I think the open 0 is the next bullet.

Q. And what is TRx in this context?

Q. On down at the bottom of the e-mail, just above "Thanks and great selling," can you read that paragraph starting, "Your focus"?

Q. All right. Let's take a look at the spreadsheet attached, and I'll represent that the original version, as produced by Mallinckrodt, these highlights weren't here. These are highlights that we added for the sake of the deposition.

Q. Is that fair?

Q. Okay. So that first line, which is, I guess, numbered Line 735, do you see the name Mohamed -- I'm sorry. Abdelrahman Mohamed.

Q. He's listed as being at Hamblen Neuroscience Center, P.C., in Morristown, Tennessee, correct?

Q. Okay. I think you testified earlier you never -- you don't recall going on a sales call for Dr. Mohamed, correct?

Q. Okay. And Dr. Mohamed is a name that we saw identified as a pill mill on Exhibit 4, correct?

Q. Do you remember Exhibit 4? I had to keep handing you that spreadsheet.

Q. Okay. Three lines down from that, do you see Rona Addington?

Q. She's identified as being in Kingsport, Tennessee, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you recognize that name as also being identified as a pill mill from Exhibit 4?

Q. And right below that, Donna Smith -- actually, let me back up.

Q. It does say that the territory for these people is Knoxville East, and it was your -- it was your testimony that that was not your market, correct?

Q. Okay. And that was Bo -- I'm blanking on his last name.

Q. Bo Hamilton's district -- or market; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Sorry. The next name down from that was. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. In Maryville, Tennessee, correct?

Q. Okay. And she was also on that pill mill list, correct?

Q. Okay. Line 746, do you see Dennis Harris?

Q. In Morristown, correct?

Q. Do you recall that -- his name appearing on the list in Exhibit 4?

Q. Line 753, Freddie Kojima.

Q. He's also in the Knoxville East territory, correct?

Q. Do you recall his name appearing on the pill mill list?

Q. 757, Anna Worley, do you see that name?

Q. Maryville, Tennessee, correct?

Q. Do you recall her name appearing on the Exhibit 4 pill mill list?

Q. 84 -- Line 841, Desiree Kinard, do you see that?

Q. Okay. She's listed as being the Chattanooga territory, correct?

Q. And do you know which Mallinckrodt sales rep was assigned to the Chattanooga territory?

Q. Who was that?

Q. Okay. And do you recall Ms. Kinard's name appearing on the Exhibit 4 pill mill list?

Q. Go down to Line 857, Steve Jackson. Do you see that?

Q. He's also listed as Chattanooga territory, correct?

Q. And do you recall his name appearing on the Exhibit 4 pill mill list?

Q. Okay. You can take a look at Exhibit 4.

Q. Yes. Go ahead.

Q. His name appears on that Exhibit 4 pill mill list, Mr. Jackson, correct?

Q. Steve Jackson does not appear?

Q. Oh, I'm sorry. Okay. I think we're confused. Thank you. One name -- I didn't name -- I didn't highlight two names on this list. If you go to Lines 772 and 773 on Exhibit 8, do you see Janet McNiel and Frank McNiel?

Q. Okay. So they are also on here listed as 3 Star prescribers, correct?

Q. The names that are there listed as the territory being Knoxville West, is it fair to say that all of those prescribers were in your territory?

Q. Okay. So you don't have any reason to doubt that the names appearing there listed as Knoxville West were on your target list.

Q. To your knowledge, did Mallinckrodt ever remove any of the individuals that we just -- that were highlighted on Exhibit 8 from the 3 Star prescriber list?

Q. Did you ever reference or use the 3 Star prescriber list that's attached to Exhibit 8?

Q. To your knowledge, during your tenure, did Mallinckrodt ever tell you not to visit any of the persons highlighted on Exhibit 8?

Q. To your knowledge, during your time at Mallinckrodt, did the company ever instruct you not to visit any individuals that are highlighted in Exhibit 8?

Q. Fair enough. the answer to my question is no.

Q. Okay. That's fair.

Q. Mr. Clark, I've handed you Exhibit 9 to your deposition. This is a document Bates stamped MNKTNSTA08935186. Have you had a chance to review the document?

Q. Let me know when you're finished.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. It purports to be an e-mail from Susan Young to yourself, copying Dan Polesovsky, dated September 4th, 2013, correct?

Q. Okay. Any doubt you received this e-mail on or about that date?

Q. Who is Susan Young?

Q. Okay. Do you know what her job responsibilities were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And did you have communications with Ms. Young during your tenure at Mallinckrodt that -- with respect to your selling obligations?

Q. Well, what part of your job responsibilities involved managed care? you describe that?

Q. Ms. Young writes in this e-mail to you on September 4th, "Hi Chris, I'm attaching a file with top plans and top payers for your territory," correct?

Q. If we look at the attachment, can you describe what we are looking at on the first page of that attachment? Well, at the top it says, "Top Payers by TRx Market Basket."

Q. Okay. And would you use this information to assist you in performing your job duties at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And how would you have used this information?

Q. Okay. The point of knowing that information about whether managed care covered Exalgo for a particular patient would be to possibly get more prescriptions written by that prescriber that would be covered by managed care.

Q. Okay. If you flip over three pages, do you see a page that's got at the very top UHC/AARP?

Q. Do you see four lines -- I'm sorry, six lines down, seven lines down, do you see the name Abdelrahman Mohamed?

Q. And then two lines below that, do you see the name Janet McNiel?

Q. And she was in your Knoxville -- I'm sorry. She was not in your Knoxville East territory at this time, correct?

Q. Okay. You think that's a mistake. You think Ms. McNiel at this time actually was in your territory.

Q. Okay. And then do you see the name Donna Smith just below Ms. McNiel?

Q. And UHC is United Health Care; is that correct?

Q. What is the significance of the AARP designation there?

Q. Okay. So this would be -- apply to managed care

Q. All right. Flip over to the page at the top that says SilverScript.

Q. And what is SilverScript, to your knowledge?

Q. Okay. And do you see at the first line, do you see the name Abdelrahman Mohamed?

Q. And two lines below that, Janet McNiel?

Q. And then towards the bottom do you see Donna Smith?

Q. Okay. On the first page of the document, Ms. Young, at the end of her e-mail, references that she'll be in Knoxville that night, let's touch base tomorrow morning. Do you recall what the purpose of your meeting with Ms. Young was?

Q. Do you recall using the information Ms. Young attached to this e-mail at all in your selling activities at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Is it likely you would have used it?

Q. I'll hand you Exhibit 10 to your deposition. This is Bates range MNK TNSTA08935849. Review the document and let me know when you are ready.

Q. Okay. Do you recognize what I've handed you as Exhibit 10?

Q. Okay. This is an e-mail that says it was sent by you to you on January 28th, 2014, correct?

Q. Okay. The subject is: "Files," correct?

Q. Okay. And so this was sent roughly two years after you started with the company, correct?

Q. Okay. There's no message other than what I've read, but there is an attachment, correct?

Q. Do you recognize the attachment?

Q. Looking at the last column to the attachment, it's got Xartemis

Q. Xartemis, thank you, decile rank. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Is it likely this is a target list for Xartemis sales in your territory?

Q. Okay. Did you create this list?

Q. Is it likely this list came to you from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. If you look at the first page of the exhibit, about ten lines down, do you see the name David Brickhouse?

Q. He's listed as being at the .*Redacted • NI , : *Redacted - PI!: Pike location, correct?

Q. And at this time that would have been within your market in Knoxville, correct?

Q. His Xartemis decile was 3, correct?

Q. Okay. And Mr. Brickhouse, again, was one of the people we saw identified in the Exhibit 4 pill mill list, correct?

Q. If you scroll down -- well, I'm sorry. You can't scroll because you only have the document. If you look down about two-thirds down, do you see the name Janet McNiel?

Q. And she's got an address that appears to be different from other addresses we've seen before next to her name at 5917 Rutledge Pike. Do you see that?

Q. Is that still within your market at this time of 2014?

Q. Okay. Does this refresh your recollection that Ms. McNiel may have left Bearden Healthcare?

Q. Okay. Do you know whether 5917 Rutledge Pike is an office or a residence?

Q. Okay. Do you recognize the -- how do you know it was an office?

Q. Okay. And was Ms. McNiel the only practitioner you saw at that office?

Q. Okay. And at this time do you recall whether she was still practicing with her husband, Frank?

Q. Okay. Flip over to the sixth page. About a third of the way down do you see the name Donna Smith?

Q. She's located at 907 East Lamar Alexander Parkway in Maryville.

Q. Okay. Was that inside your territory -- or inside your Knoxville market at that time?

Q. Okay. She's listed as a Xartemis decile 10; is that correct?

Q. And is 10 the highest ranking for deciles.

Q. Okay. Is that generally your understanding, that when Mallinckrodt assigned a decile ranking that 10 was the best and 1 would be the lowest?

Q. But in this context, you understand a 10 would be the highest, correct?

Q. Okay. And Ms. Smith, her name also appears back on Exhibit 4's pill mill list, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you have any recollection of why you would have sent this to yourself on this date of -- Exhibit 10 on January 28th, 2014?

Q. Okay. Do you have any general recollection as to why you would have done that?

Q. Okay. Well, can you -- do you have any understanding today as to what the color-coding means?

Q. Mine has writing on, but you're saying the coding would have been

Q. Okay. That's fair. So looking at the relatively darker highlights then, it appears to me, tell me if you disagree, that persons having deciles of 5 or above were shaded.

Q. Would that be accurate?

Q. Okay. And so you would have added that shading yourself --

Q. -- to your list.. And was that to help indicate to you which were your higher priority physicians to call on for Xartemis sales?

Q. Okay. But again, does the fact that they were -- that the prescribers listed with deciles 5 or above that are shaded, does that indicate to you that that was an attempt to prioritize sales calls to those prescribers for Xartemis?

Q. Okay. I'll hand you a document we've identified as Exhibit 11. It's Bates stamped MNK INSTA0925624. When you've had a chance to review the document, please let me know.

Q. Do you recognize Exhibit 11?

Q. The first e-mail in the sequence was sent by Stacy Chick to a number of individuals, you're not included in that list that I can tell, on Monday, December 2nd, 2013. The subject, "North Central & West Top 25 Targets in New Alignments." Is that accurate?

Q. The importance is listed as high, correct?

Q. The e-mail states, "Jay, Please find attached the top 25 targets in each territory for North Central and West Region Districts. These are the new alignments which will be in effect January 2014." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And do you know who Stacy Chick is?

Q. Who was that?

Q. And did you interact with Ms. Chick in the course of your job at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you routinely work or communicate with Ms. Chick in performing your job duties?

Q. And then there's an e-mail above that from Jay Meyer. Do you know who that is?

Q. Okay. And he's forwarding Ms. Chick's e-mail, correct, on the same date, December 2nd, 2013, to a number of individuals? Again, you are not included as a recipient, correct?

Q. I do see Todd Druen as a recipient of Mr. Meyers' e-mail. Do you agree?

Q. Okay. Now, at this time, the end of 2013, was Todd Druen your district manager?

Q. Okay. If you look at the attachments, the first page of the attachment states, "Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals, Xartemis Top 25 Target Lists, District 30100, Nashville, Tennessee." It's dated November 26th, 2013, correct?

Q. Okay. If you flip through the document, the second page -- I guess it would be the third page. I'll represent to you that these were tabs in an Excel spreadsheet as produced.

Q. This particular tab was titled, "30105 Knoxville, Tennessee." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Do you recognize the names listed there for the Knoxville -- for the Knoxville list?

Q. Okay. Can you go through and tell me which ones you recognize as physicians that you detailed as part of your market in Knoxville?

Q. Four from the bottom do you see the name Donna Smith?

Q. Located at 907 East Lamar Alexander Parkway in Maryville. And do you recall her name appearing on the pill mill list from Exhibit 4?

Q. Were any of these names in Exhibit 11 supplied to you as representing the top 25 prescribers for Xartemis in the Knoxville market?

Q. I'm done with that exhibit.

Q. You testified that you called -- strike that. You testified that you performed sales calls to Dr. Frank McNiel in your territory, correct?

Q. Okay. Did you consider -- ever consider Dr. McNiel to be a problem prescriber?

Q. Did you ever come to learn whether Dr. McNiel was considered by others to be a problem prescriber?

Q. I'll hand you Exhibit 12 to your deposition. It's Bates stamped MNK TNSTA0934822. When you finish reviewing it, please let me know.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Okay. This is an e-mail from you to Jennifer Terp, copying Todd Dean, on June 28th, 2012, correct?

Q. Any reason to think you didn't send this e-mail in the normal course of business?

Q. And who is Jennifer Terp?

Q. Okay. This would have been approximately six months into your tenure at Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Can you read what you wrote to Jennifer, just starting at the beginning?

Q. Do you recall why you sent this e-mail to Ms. Terp?

Q. What it says here about Dr. McNiel writing a script for a workers' comp case which resulted in the patient receiving 28 pills at the 16-milligram strength a day, does that seem like a lot to you?

Q. It seems extraordinarily excessive, doesn't it?

Q. Would you say it's excessive?

Q. Is it -- in your experience with this drug, Exalgo, should a patient take 28 Exalgo pills in one day?

Q. So you have no idea as you sit here, if a doctor came to you at the time and said, "Mr. Clark, tell me, can I tell a patient he can safely take 28 Exalgo pills at 16 milligrams per pill in one day," you wouldn't have an answer?

Q. So you cannot you cannot answer my question right now. Is that what you're saying?

Q. Okay. Do you know if we multiplied that together, that would be 448 milligrams of hydromorphone for a single day, correct?

Q. I did the math.

Q. Will you accept my representation?

Q. Okay. Earlier I know we talked about morphine milligram equivalents. Do you recall that? I think we read a document. Do you recall that discussion?

Q. The morphine milligram equivalents.

Q. Okay. Is that something you learned about in connection with your training at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Tell the jury what a morphine milligram equivalent is.

Q. Is your recollection that a morphine milligram equivalent is a way of converting the amount of opioid product you're receiving in a given product to what's called morphine equivalents as a way to judge the strength of those -- of that opioid product?

Q. Let me rephrase. What did you understand a morphine milligram equivalent -- what did you understand that meant during your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay.

Q. That's fine. Was Todd -- and Todd Dean at this time was your district manager, correct?

Q. This would be the time of this e-mail, June of 2012.

Q. Did Mr. Dean follow up with you based on this e-mail and discuss Mr. McNiel's -- or Dr. McNiel's prescribing habits?

Q. You ask the question, "Is there any way to find out about the reporting of this pharmacy?" What did you mean by that?

Q. Okay. So you want to make sure you're getting credit for prescriptions being filled by Dr. McNiel's scripts at this particular pharmacy; is that accurate?

Q. Right, and I'm only talking about this particular instance. The reason you're alerting Ms. Terp and Mr. Dean to this particular script written by Dr. McNiel is because you knew it was filled at in Knoxville, correct?

Q. Right, but you didn't see it it says it didn't show up in -- I'm sorry. And it has yet to show up in IMS, correct?

Q. Okay. So somehow you were able to access IMS and find out that this script was not yet reflected in that data, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you remember how you accessed the IMS data at this time?

Q. Was that something you had to ask for from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Is it something that you had independent access to on the computer or otherwise?

Q. Would the IMS data have been reported to you in connection with receiving your incentive-based compensation for a given quarter?

Q. Okay. That's fair. So Belew Drugs, the fact that this particular script from Dr. McNiel, which was a 28 count of a 16-milligram Exalgo for a single day, the fact that that did not show up in the IMS data for that pharmacy, that led you to believe there were other prescriptions being filled at that pharmacy that may not be -- you may not be getting credit for; is that accurate?

Q. Is it accurate that you were concerned Belew Drugs was not accurately reporting the prescription fills at its pharmacy?

Q. What response were you expecting with this e-mail?

Q. Did you see other prescriptions of this magnitude from Mr. McNiel during your experience with him as a sales rep at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And how do you know that?

Q. Did you ever find out from Mr. -- from Dr. McNiel the circumstances which led to this particular prescription, this unique prescription, being filled?

Q. And what were those?

Q. When you say you got Medical Affairs involved with him, who do you mean? With Dr. McNiel?

Q. Okay. So you found out this got elevated to Medical Affairs at Mallinckrodt, this particular script, correct?

Q. Okay. And did you report that to Medical Affairs?

Q. And how did you do that?

Q. Do you recall what that was?

Q. Do you recall any follow up from Medical Affairs after you reported it to them with respect to the prescription from Dr. McNiel?

Q. Okay. I believe it was your testimony that you were aware during your tenure at that Dr. McNiel left Bearden Healthcare, correct?

Q. Okay. Would it surprise you to learn that in 2012 the State of Tennessee censured Dr. McNiel for failing to obtain certification of licensure of his clinic as required by Tennessee law?

Q. Would it also surprise you to learn that in 2018 the Tennessee Board of Medical Examiners forced Dr. McNiel to permanently surrender his license to practice medicine after concluding he prescribed controlled substances too often and in amounts larger than medically necessary, advisable or justified and sometimes not for legitimate medical purpose?

Q. 2018.

Q. Would it surprise you to learn that in 2019 Dr. McNiel pled guilty to federal charges of distribution of a controlled substance?

Q. Looking back, is it your opinion that Dr. McNiel's prescription that you describe in Exhibit 12 was ill advised?

Q. Can you think of an instance where you --

Q. Can you think of any instance in which you would have discussed with. McNiel or any other target on your list that it would be appropriate to prescribe 28 16-milligram pills of Exalgo to a single patient for one day?

Q. You would talk about total milligrams, though, wouldn't you?

Q. Correct.

Q. Correct.

Q. Okay. And in any of your discussions about conversion factor, did any of that, to your knowledge, result in your suggesting that it would be appropriate for a patient to receive 28 16-milligram pills for a single-day prescription?

Q. In your experience, would that have ever been appropriate?

Q. Well, in light of your experience at Mallinckrodt, would a single prescription -- would a single-day prescription for 28 pills of 16-milligram Exalgo have ever been appropriate?

Q. So there is no objective standard that you can apply to answer that question?

Q. Are you saying it's all relative?

Q. In essence, that's your answer, correct?

Q. And part of your job at Mallinckrodt required you to understand dosing, correct?

Q. Exalgo, correct.

Q. Okay. And if this individual had taken all 28 of those pills in one day, would you expect to see that individual again?

Q. Doesn't that seem like an extraordinarily high dose of Exalgo?

Q. Did Dr. McNiel ever explain to you himself why he would -- the basis for -- not with respect to this particular patient, but in any event where he would prescribe 28 pills in a single day?

Q. To your knowledge, you continued to call on Dr. McNiel after the date of this e-mail, correct?

Q. To your knowledge, Dr. McNiel -- Mallinckrodt never removed Dr. McNiel from your target list, correct?

Q. At any time?

Q. Mr. Clark, before we leave Exhibit 12, I would like you to tell me, based on your experience -- you spent two years at Mallinckrodt, okay?

Q. Based on that experience, can you tell the jury any scenario where it would be appropriate for a single patient to be prescribed 28 16-milligram pills of Exalgo in a single day?

Q. In light of what you know about dosing for Exalgo

Q. -- can you think of any scenario -- and we have all afternoon. We can wait, okay --

Q. -- and get your full testimony on this? But can you think of any scenario where the dosing for that particular patient was such to be appropriate --

Q. -- for that patient for receive a script for 28 pills of 16-milligram Exalgo for a single day?

Q. Do you think, based on what you know of dosing, that this was an appropriate prescription for this particular patient?

Q. And you're not going to testify today about what's medically necessary and not. Is that what you are saying?

Q. Have you heard of any other scenario where a patient of a physician who was prescribed Exalgo, anywhere in Mallinckrodt where a patient got 28 pills of 16-milligram Exalgo other than what we just identified in Exhibit 12?

Q. Do you think you would have recalled if you heard about that happening in any other scenario?

Q. Do you have any understanding again, let's go back to your experience --

Q. -- the two years you sold this product at Mallinckrodt.

Q. If a human being had ingested 28 pills of 16-milligram Exalgo in one day, what would happen to that person physiologically?

Q. I'm not asking about whether it's appropriate or not. I'm asking from a physical standpoint. Did you -- can you draw on your experience with this drug and do you have any notion that you can testify about about what would happen to that individual physically if they ingested 28 16-milligram pills of Exalgo in a 24-hour period?

Q. You have no idea physically what would happen to that person?

Q. What do you think would happen?

Q. To any patient who took 28 pills of 16-milligram Exalgo in a 24-hour period.

Q. The question I'm asking is what would happen -- because you haven't answered it, respectively -- respectfully.

Q. What would happen physically to any person who ingested 28 pills of 16-milligram Exalgo in a 24-hour period?

Q. So you're telling the jury if a doctor had said, "I'm going to prescribe any person" -- I don't care who it is, a single individual. "I'm going to prescribe them 28 pills of 16-milligram Exalgo for a 24-hour period," would there be any obligation on your part to say anything to that doctor about whether that was a good idea?

Q. And what is that obligation? What would you have said?

Q. That's it? You wouldn't say anything else?

Q. Is there any patient that you can think of -- forget about this scenario. Any scenario, any patient out there, and we'll wait if you can think of one, that would need 28 pills of 16-milligram Exalgo in a 24-hour period?

Q. So you are telling the jury you cannot answer the question that I've asked you because whether someone took 28 16-milligram pills in one day, you're saying it's impossible to know the physical consequences of doing that unless you know the specific person. Is that what you're saying?

Q. Did you receive any training on Exalgo overdose risks?

Q. What was that training?

Q. Do you recall there ever being any threshold for overdose with respect to Exalgo where the dosing was so high for any individual that it was clearly outside the bounds of what could be considered acceptable?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt give you guidelines telling you what you could and could not do during a sales call to a prescriber?

Q. Any guidance, training, literature

Q. -- bullet points, any advice from Mallinckrodt which told you as a sales representative what you could and could not do on a sales call.

Q. Did Mallinckrodt supply the sales pieces that you would use in speaking with a prescriber?

Q. And what types of materials, sales pieces, did Mallinckrodt provide?

Q. What's the dosing guide?

Q. And what strengths was Exalgo available in?

Q. So 16 milligrams was the highest dose available for a prescriber to prescribe Exalgo to any given patient, correct?

Q. Okay. What else was on the dosing guide other than just listing the different strengths?

Q. What do you mean by that? Explain that.

Q. Did --

Q. No, finish your answer. I'm sorry. I don't want to cut you off.

Q. Okay. So let me break that down. This was a guide that Mallinckrodt gave you that you used with a physician to try and help the physician determine proper dosage for Exalgo for a given patient, correct?

Q. Okay. From my understanding of what that guide said, the numerator, the top of that equation, was their current regimen of opioid in milligram -- in milligrams, correct?

Q. So you think the numerator was in terms of -- I'll call it MME, right, for milligram -- morphine milligram equivalents. Is that fair?

Q. And I'm just -- I'm genuinely trying to understand what the numerator represents.

Q. But the numerator, that represented the opioids that the patient was already on but did not include Exalgo, correct?

Q. Okay. So the numerator represented either milligrams or morphine milligram equivalents, some number, and that number represents that patient's current opioid regimen not including Exalgo.

Q. Okay. That would be the numerator. And then you testified that you take that number, in order to reach the proper dosing for Exalgo, and be divided by 50 percent.

Q. I'm not putting words in your mouth. I'm trying to --

Q. Okay. So using that conversion formula -- and I'm not going to do anything except for do math.

Q. Dr. McNiel's patient in Exhibit 12 was prescribed 448 milligrams of Exalgo, which is hydromorphone.

Q. If we attempted to get to that number from this conversion formula that you just testified about, then that patient, if the formula was applied as you testified, would have been on double that.

Q. Okay. And that number is just shy of 950 milligrams.

Q. Correct?

Q. So the Exalgo that Dr. McNiel's patient got was 448 milligrams.

Q. I'm sorry. You're right. I was told there would be no math. Do you remember the conversion for morphine milligram equivalents?

Q. Okay. But in any event, if the formula was the numerator divided by 50, if that was morphine milligram equivalents, then the recommended Exalgo conversion for dosing was half of whatever that patient was current opioid regime was. Is that your understanding?

Q. I understand. Okay. Okay. All right. This -- you didn't come up with this formula. That was what was on the pieces supplied by Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Right. Yeah, you didn't -- you weren't at liberty to change it or otherwise

Q. -- do anything. Okay. All right. Help me understand the dosing guide. Was that on the same piece as the conversion rate, or are we talking about the same thing?

Q. Okay. Let's go back to the master visual aid. You said that was multiple pages, correct?

Q. And what sort of information was in the master visual aid?

Q. Did you ever leave any of these sales pieces with the physician?

Q. Okay. And so you were permitted to leave all of those sales pieces that Mallinckrodt gave to you with the prescribers you're calling on; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. Can you recall an instance where you discussed sales pieces with a prescriber that were not supplied by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Did you ever -- do you recall ever bringing with you any sales piece that was not supplied by Mallinckrodt to a sales call?

Q. Do you recall ever leaving materials with a prescriber that were not supplied by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Can you think of any instance where

Q. Can you think of any instance where

Q. And just to be clear, you're saying you can't think of an instance where that happened or that didn't happen?

Q. Okay. So you performed in-person visits to your prescribers on your target list, correct?

Q. Okay. And did Mallinckrodt instruct you to perform visits in person to those prescribers on the target list?

Q. Okay. I'm saying Mallinckrodt specifically instructed you, "Chris, you need to go visit these prescribers on this target list at their office or at their place of work."

Q. Okay. Did Mallinckrodt instruct you to perform or to make phone calls to your targets?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt tell you not to make phone calls to your targets?

Q. Did you perform or did you make telephone calls to your targets?

Q. Okay. But Mallinckrodt didn't tell you one way or another whether that was something you were supposed to do?

Q. Can you recall ever making a sales call to a target while at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Over the phone.

Q. Was that something that Mallinckrodt prohibited you from doing?

Q. But as far as your testimony today, are you testifying that you don't know whether Mallinckrodt ever prohibited you from making a sales call over the phone to a target?

Q. According to who?

Q. Well, would you have learned that during your training at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Was there a list somewhere that stated all sales calls are to be done in person, not over the telephone?

Q. And I understand what you're saying. What I'm trying to determine is whether Mallinckrodt ever trained you that you're not to make sales calls over the telephone.

Q. Okay. Would you have expected to be disciplined in some way if you had made a sales call over the telephone?

Q. Is that because you feared discipline?

Q. If you had made a sales call over the telephone, how would Mallinckrodt have found out?

Q. Well, you talked -- you testified earlier about call notes, correct?

Q. And those are submitted through some approved platform that Mallinckrodt set up for you, correct?

Q. Okay. And that system was via a computer that you had, correct?

Q. Okay. And there's some portal available to you on that device where you could enter those call notes, correct?

Q. And do you recall the name of that portal or software that you used to enter call notes?

Q. Okay. Mallinckrodt gave you some device for you to do that. Is that your testimony?

Q. What did Mallinckrodt give you? An iPad? Computer?

Q. Okay. You had to give all of that back to Mallinckrodt when you left the company?

Q. Okay. Did you ever see the call notes that you submitted to Mallinckrodt?

Q. So could you access your call notes?

Q. Okay. So it's your testimony that you do remember submitting call notes to Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. But you don't know whether you could access historical call notes that you may have submitted; is that --

Q. Okay. Did Mallinckrodt tell you that those call notes were stored with the company?

Q. When you say given, what do you mean?

Q. Okay. So Mallinckrodt had a database they stored call notes in?

Q. Okay. But did Mallinckrodt ever tell you, "Hey, here's this database where we keep call notes"?

Q. Okay. So you don't know a name of

Q. Okay. And give me an example. What does a typical call note look like?

Q. At Mallinckrodt. Let's limit it to that.

Q. Were you -- are there fields that you fill out in the call note?

Q. You don't remember specifically for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you receive training on how to fill out a call note from Mallinckrodt?

Q. But you don't know whether you had to fill something in or not.

Q. Generally speaking, what were the -- what did Mallinckrodt instruct you to put in

Q. Well, did you -- what did you typically put in a call note?

Q. Well, I understand that, but are you suggesting that you didn't have you don't, as you sit here today, have some idea about what typically you would put in a call note?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever instruct you not to do call notes?

Q. As far as you know, did you submit call notes your entire tenure at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt instruct you to buy lunches for your targets?

Q. No. You testified earlier about your lunch program, correct?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt instruct you to do that with your targets?

Q. Okay. And what determined whether

Q. And who determined whether the lunch was necessary? Did you do that on your own?

Q. So would you request money then from Mallinckrodt in order to put on the lunch program?

Q. Okay. And do you recall what your budget was over the two years you worked there?

Q. Well, was it more than $100?

Q. I don't know. I'm trying to understand what your lunch program budget was.

Q. Well, how was the budget determined? Was it per office or was it across all of your targets for a given quarter?

Q. Okay. So, for example, Todd Dean being your district manager when you started with the company, he had a set amount of money for his entire district that Mallinckrodt budgeted to him.

Q. Correct?

Q. Okay. And then that money he could give to the sales reps in his district for use on lunch programs for their targets.

Q. Okay. The one lump sum money, first, it was a district-level budget, correct? That was your understanding.

Q. Okay. And then who got to determine how much each sales rep got within that district?

Q. When you started with the company in 2012, was there a set amount of money that you were given and told, "This is for lunch programs"?

Q. Well, was the amount of money that the district allocated to you for your market, was it broken down? For example, this is for lunch programs, this is for speaker programs, et cetera.

Q. Did you know at the beginning of a quarter how much money was available to you to spend on your targets?

Q. And that was one amount of money that you were aware of across all of your targets.

Q. Okay. And that money, you understood, was for you, not for anyone else in your district.

Q. Okay. So the initial amount of money that was allocated to you when you joined Mallinckrodt, was that amount $1,000?

Q. Does that sound too low?

Q. Okay. So you think on average your quarterly budget to spend on your targets was about $1,000 across your market.

Q. Okay. Was it broken down by product that you sold? So, for example, did you get $1,000 to spend on your opioid prescribers? Did you get $1,000 to spend on your non-opioid prescribers?

Q. Okay. Again, I'm only trying to understand per quarter.

Q. What was the total pot of money that was made available to you to spend -- for you to spend on your sales calls, on your targets?

Q. But it was more than $1,000?

Q. Well, was it less than $10,000?

Q. Okay. Was it more than $100?

Q. I mean, would it be fair to say that it's somewhere between $100 and $10,000 per quarter that was available to you to spend on your targets?

Q. I'm trying to understand. If there is a number in there that's reasonable, can you tell me what it is?

Q. Okay. Thank you. Did Mallinckrodt instruct you to put on dinner programs for your targets?

Q. Okay. So as you sit here today, though, you don't know whether Mallinckrodt instructed you to do dinner programs for your targets.

Q. Okay. Did Mallinckrodt instruct you to put on webinars for your targets?

Q. Would a webinar have been something that Mallinckrodt would have put on?

Q. Okay. Did Mallinckrodt instruct you to put on speaker events for your targets?

Q. Were you -- did Mallinckrodt encourage you to put on speaker programs?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt give you any guidelines for putting on a speaker program for your targets?

Q. Okay. Can you think of any instance where any of your interactions with one of your targets was not approved by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Yes. Can you think of any instance where any of your interactions with a prescriber on your target list was not approved by Mallinckrodt?

Q. The types of interactions you had with your prescribers on your target list, were there any interactions that Mallinckrodt -- that you knew because Mallinckrodt told you, "You're not to interact with your prescribers in this way"?

Q. Did your supervisors ever perform what I will call a ride-along with you at Mallinckrodt?

Q. What's -- tell the jury what a ride-along is.

Q. How often would supervisors do a ride-along with you in the field?

Q. Well, you were at Mallinckrodt for two years, right? How many times can you recall there being a ride-along during that two-year period?

Q. Yes.

Q. I'll hand you Exhibit 13, which is Bates stamped MNK INSTA08935391. Tell me when you're finished reading the document.

Q. All right. Do you recognize this document?

Q. It's an e-mail from D.J. Horton to yourself, copying Bill Nichols, on February 19, 2013, correct?

Q. Okay. And Mr. Horton was your district manager at this time; is that accurate?

Q. Fair enough. He was your interim district manager at this time.

Q. Okay. And the second page of this exhibit is notes from Mr. Horton's field visit with you; is that correct?

Q. Okay. This is a summary of that field visit, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you recall this particular field visit?

Q. Okay. He makes reference in the first paragraph, after stating it was a pleasure sitting down with you and catching up on how your business has been going since you left training, he makes the comment, "I appreciate you sharing your frustrations with office access and managed care coverage, both of which are understandable in Tennessee and Knoxville specifically." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. Do you recall that discussion with Mr. Horton?

Q. Okay. Generally speaking, do you remember what frustrations you had with office access and managed care coverage in Tennessee and Knoxville specifically?

Q. And what were those frustrations?

Q. What made the access hard?

Q. Whose policies?

Q. Did you have an understanding as to why office policies made access, especially in the pain management field, hard?

Q. Is that because managed care wasn't covering the opioid products that you were selling?

Q. Okay. Mr. Horton's notes reflect that you met with Dr. Epstein. Do you know who that is?

Q. Okay. Do you know where he practiced?

Q. Okay. So these notes reflect a visit with Dr. Epstein at Bearden Healthcare.

Q. And Dr. Horton's notes, in that last paragraph he mentions, "Not only is this the largest pain office in your territory, but in all of Knoxville." Do you see that?

Q. Toward the end of the last paragraph on that page.

Q. Okay. And would you did you agree with that assessment that Bearden Healthcare was the largest pain office in your market in all of Knoxville?

Q. Did you have any independent understanding that that was true?

Q. Okay. What were -- were there other larger pain practices you can think of that you sold to in the Knoxville market?

Q. In any sense. Please explain what you mean.

Q. Okay. Do you remember approximately how many prescribers Bearden Healthcare had?

Q. In terms of volume of opioids prescribed, was Bearden Healthcare the largest in your territory?

Q. Okay. Do you remember any other practices by name which were close to Bearden in terms of the level of prescribing?

Q. And who were those?

Q. Relative to all of your targets, did you spend more time with those entities that you just described in terms of frequency of sales calls?

Q. And that would also be true with Bearden Healthcare?

Q. Okay. Did Mallinckrodt instruct you to perform more sales calls to high-volume prescribers?

Q. Okay. Just above where we read in that paragraph, Mr. Horton makes the statement: "Do whatever you can to avoid improper patient conversions, callbacks, rejections, et cetera, that may negatively impact their opinion and usage of Exalgo, even if you have to spend an entire day at the practice." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Do you recall following Mr. Horton's advice and spending an entire day at Bearden Healthcare?

Q. Would that be considered an unusual amount of time to spend with one particular target?

Q. Okay. Do you recall how many times you spent an entire day with one particular target?

Q. At Mallinckrodt.

Q. Okay. So it would be unusual, at least, to spend an entire day at one target's practice.

Q. Would you agree?

Q. Do you know what Mr. Horton meant when he wrote the sentence just above that, "As I mentioned in the car, do whatever you can to show the office you want to partner with them to see positive first experiences with Exalgo as they ramp up their usage"?

Q. Do you know what is meant by "ramp up their usage"?

Q. And what you wanted them to begin to do was prescribe more Exalgo.

Q. Okay. Fair enough. But that means ramp up the usage of Exalgo.

Q. Okay. I think you testified -- or there was a little testimony earlier, but I want to be clear. your tenure at Mallinckrodt, did Mallinckrodt regularly, to your knowledge, examine the prescription writing patterns in your well, among your targets in your market?

Q. So you weren't if that did happen, you weren't privy to any analysis Mallinckrodt did of any prescription writing patterns with your targets.

Q. Okay. Do you recall anyone ever referring to Bearden Healthcare as a glorified pill mill?

Q. I'll hand you a document labeled Exhibit 14. This is MNK TNSTA01454352. Take a look at it and let me know when you are finished reviewing it.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. At the bottom of the first page there's an e-mail from you -- it starts at the very bottom of the page. It's from you to D.J. Horton on February 28th, 2013. Do you see that?

Q. It goes on to the next page. Okay. Can you read that e-mail starting with the subject?

Q. Thank you. You're describing for Mr. Horton

Q. You have Bearden Healthcare as one of your targets, on your target list at this time, correct?

Q. Bearden Healthcare was one of your targets on your target list at this time, correct?

Q. Okay. You make the comment toward the bottom of the paragraph, "This is by far my largest clinic opportunity," and then you go on to describe, one, "with so much UHC business." What do you mean by that?

Q. Okay. So the assumption being that because Bearden took United Health Care that ultimately that would result in more scripts for Exalgo.

Q. That was the opportunity you were referring to.

Q. And one aspect of the opportunity would be more scripts for Exalgo.

Q. Okay. And then you also say and, quote, "being former current heavy Oxy prescribers." Why did that present an opportunity at this time?

Q. I'm sorry. Were you finished?

Q. So at this time you are observing that Bearden was both a former heavy Oxy prescriber and a current heavy Oxy prescriber; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And then you write next, "I have targeted them heavily with the free voucher offer." What is that?

Q. And when you say voucher, you're talking about a co-pay voucher, something that would enable the patient to present the voucher and not pay a co-pay at the point of purchase at the pharmacy?

Q. Okay. So when you refer to the free voucher offer here, these are vouchers that you would leave with Bearden Healthcare to give to their patients?

Q. I understand, but this e-mail refers to vouchers that you left at Bearden Healthcare, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you remember approximately how many vouchers you would leave at any given time?

Q. You would give a total of five free vouchers to Bearden?

Q. Is that just on this visit or in general?

Q. In general, how many free vouchers did you give out across your targets during your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. But the point of targeting Bearden and other targets with free vouchers is to -- in the hopes that patients would not be dissuaded from purchasing Exalgo through managed care because the co-pay would be taken care of by the voucher, correct?

Q. Okay. So the voucher then could have been used to cover the entire cost --

Q. -- to the patient of the Exalgo product.

Q. But the point of the free voucher program was to remove barriers, as far as the patient was concerned, from a cost standpoint to obtaining Exalgo.

Q. Okay. The joke in the top of the paragraph, you say it was not an uncommon thing in Tennessee to have a change of medical directors, and you write haha.

Q. Did Tennessee -- did your Tennessee targets, in your experience, have a lot of turnover in their medical directors?

Q. Do you know any reason why they experience high turnover in medical directors in Tennessee?

Q. All right. And then if we look back at the first page, there's a few e-mails there. Eventually your e-mail, original e-mail sent on February 28th, is forwarded to someone named Eric Hichman on March 1st, 2013. Do you know who that is?

Q. Okay. Somebody named Paul Jones forwarded your e-mail to Eric on March 1st, 2013. Who is Paul Jones?

Q. So you and Eric Hichman were sales reps on the same level; is that accurate?

Q. At the top of the exhibit there's an e-mail from Eric Hichman back to Paul Jones on March 2nd, 2013, and again the subject is still regarding Bearden Healthcare. Read what Mr. Hichman writes in those first two lines.

Q. Okay. Do you recall having that discussion with Eric?

Q. Okay. Does this refresh your recollection about anyone at Mallinckrodt possibly referring to Bearden Healthcare as a big, glorified pill mill?

Q. Okay. He says he hopes Chris can turn it around, could be a big win for him. Did you understand -- do you have an understanding of what that means?

Q. Okay. And again, you don't recall that discussion with Mr. Hichman at this time.

Q. Okay. And Paul Jones, you said he's a district sales manager.

Q. Okay. So he would have been -- would he have been someone you reported to?

Q. He was in a different district than yours?

Q. Okay. It says he's in the district, right?

Q. Mr. Clark, I've handed you Mallinckrodt -- I'm sorry. This is Exhibit 15. Bates stamped MNK INSTA08512918. After you've had a chance to review the document, let me know.

Q. Okay. Do you recognize the document?

Q. Okay. This is an e-mail sent from Todd Dean to a number of individuals, including yourself, dated July 23rd, 2012, correct?

Q. The subject is: "Exalgo is the focus," correct?

Q. The importance is listed as high, correct?

Q. Any reason to doubt you received this document?

Q. Okay. It's easier just to go ahead and read -- read the document into the record, please.

Q. Does reading that e-mail refresh your recollection at all about having received this e-mail or discussed it with any of the individuals on this e-mail?

Q. What do you understand -- well, first of all, do you know who Bill is?

Q. You mean Bill Nichols was Todd Dean's superior?

Q. Todd Dean, at this time, being your district manager.

Q. Okay. What do you understand Bill meant when he said, "I'm giving you and reps the autonomy to do whatever it takes"?

Q. Did you ever find out what he meant on the -- on any subsequent conversation with either Todd or Bill?

Q. Okay. So as far as you know, you never got any more guidance from Mallinckrodt as to what was meant in this e-mail to do whatever it takes.

Q. You don't recall? Okay. The point being made here, if I'm reading it correctly --

Q. -- if you agree, is that there's an impending launch of a 32-milligram form of Exalgo.'s what Bill is alluding to here, correct?

Q. Okay. And that there's a push to sell as much Exalgo 16 milligram as humanly possible before the release of the 32-milligram strength.

Q. Okay. And is that how you understood this e-mail?

Q. Okay. Is the strategy that's implicated here that the more prescribers who are prescribing the 16-milligram Exalgo, that will make it easier to convert them to Exalgo 32-milligram strength when it's launched? Is that your understanding of the strategy here?

Q. Did you understand what the push to sell as much Exalgo as humanly possible was driven by?

Q. Okay. Bill makes the comment we talk about being the CEO of the territory or district. I don't think we really buy that normally, and then here's the quote: "It's very risky for the organization." What do you understand that to mean?

Q. The right people meaning --

Q. Okay. And what's risky? What's the risk posed to the organization over a sales rep acting as the CEO of their market?

Q. Did you ever find out what was meant by it being very risky for the organization?

Q. Okay. What did you understand was meant by sell like your livelihood depended on it?

Q. Well, is that a threat that if these Exalgo sales aren't made that people might lose their jobs?

Q. Do you recall any discussion about any of the things discussed in this e-mail with any of the individuals on this list after this e-mail was sent?

Q. I've handed you a document, Exhibit 16, which is Bates stamped MNK STA08935547. When you are done reviewing it, let me know.

Q. Okay. And this is an e-mail from Dan Polesovsky to yourself, copying Bill Nichols, from April 15th, 2013, correct?

Q. The subject is: "Field visit 4/10-11," correct?

Q. Any reason to doubt you received this e-mail in the normal course of business on or about this date?

Q. And this e-mail generally describes that Dan Polesovsky, who at the time was the district sales manager for South Carolina -- so he was your DM at this time.

Q. That he went with you, spent two days in the field with you observing your sales calls, correct?

Q. Okay. And in the middle of the first paragraph he makes the following comment: "You have some excellent relationships with your physicians and their staff, and it was great seeing you leverage those relationships to gain commitments to Rx Exalgo." When he says Rx, it means prescribe, correct?

Q. He says, "For example, with Bearden Healthcare you went right after the Oxy patient and asked for them to prescribe Exalgo since those patients could no longer get Oxy." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. Now, does reading that refresh your recollection about that incident at Bearden Healthcare?

Q. Okay. Well, what does it remind you of specifically?

Q. Okay. So this situation that Mr. Polesovsky is referring to is a little different from what we talked about earlier today with respect to break-through pain, correct?

Q. Okay. This we're talking about substituting Exalgo for an OxyContin prescription, as opposed to just supplementing an OxyContin regimen with Exalgo for break-through pain, correct?

Q. So how is this different from what we described earlier -- what you described earlier about the break-through pain?

Q. Okay. And what were some of those opportunities? Do you recall at this time?

Q. So in this context then, Exalgo was positioned against Opana; is that accurate?

Q. Understood. All right. Can you read that last full paragraph there starting with "you have"?

Q. Did you ever make the President's Club at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Were you ever close?

Q. Financially, what was the benefit of making President's Club? Do you recall?

Q. Was there a financial benefit to making the President's Club?

Q. Was there any benefit to making the President's Club?

Q. I mean, it seems to be dangled out there like a carrot on a stick. I'm just curious.

Q. Okay. I have handed you what we have marked Exhibit 17, and I gave away my copy.

Q. All right. The Bates range of Exhibit 17 is MNK TNSTA08883654. I want you to review it and let me know when you're ready.

Q. Okay. Do you recall seeing this document before today?

Q. This is an e-mail from -- well, the first e-mail on the page at the bottom is from you to Todd Dean on April 23rd, 2012, correct?

Q. The subject is: "The story gets better," correct?

Q. All right. This references a lunch you had with a Dr. Fox and a Rachel Payne, correct?

Q. Okay. And these were individuals on your target list at this time?

Q. Okay. And you recount that Rachel -- I'm sorry. What practice was Dr. Fox part of?

Q. Okay. And was he one of your higher prescribers for your opioid products at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Top 5? Top 10?

Q. Okay. You recount that Rachel called you to tell you she was writing her first Exalgo, correct?

Q. And she needed to know where to send the patient, and then you told her where and then dropped by that pharmacy to let them know. Is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And what was the -- why was Rachel confused as to where to send the patient?

Q. Okay. So is it fair to say that part of your job duties at Mallinckrodt in the sales role was to understand where your -- Mallinckrodt's branded opioid product was being stocked in your territory?

Q. Okay. So that when a prescription is written for Exalgo, there's no problem getting the prescription filled.

Q. Sure. Fair. do you remember the name of the pharmacy that you're referring to here?

Q. Okay. You go on to say, "It is an independent and the owner is there and he's really appreciative and then tells me how gets a lot of scripts from this group in Lenoir City and I need to call on them." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. Do you recall that conversation with the pharmacist?

Q. Do you know what group in Lenoir City that he was saying he got a lot of scripts from based on this e-mail?

Q. Okay. Was Lenoir City at this time part of your market?

Q. Okay. Is this something typical that the pharmacist would let you know, "Hey, there's this practice out there, they are writing a lot of scripts that I'm filling, you should know about that"?

Q. Okay. But it was atypical at Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Okay. So this pharmacist tells you about this group in Lenoir City writing a lot of scripts, and then you respond, "I explained that I have tried and have been met by security and so forth." Did I read that correctly?

Q. The fact that there was security there, does that refresh your recollection about what group we are talking about in Lenoir City?

Q. And what do you believe that group was?

Q. Tonya Warwicks was the prescriber at that location in Lenoir City?

Q. Okay. Do you remember anything else about the location?

Q. Okay. So when you tell the pharmacist or the pharmacy that you already tried to go but security turned you away, then he said, "Well, just tell them that I sent you and they'll let you in." Is that in essence what he tells you?

Q. Okay. So, in fact, he refers to it as getting the red carpet treatment, correct?

Q. Okay. And then it turns out that when you went back, you got 26 minutes with them talking with them about the product and you felt very strongly that we will see Tonya Warwicks' name as a new prescriber real soon, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you know if Tonya Warwicks had other prescribers in her office at that time?

Q. Okay. Was she added to your target list to your knowledge?

Q. I'm sorry. Back on Exhibit 16 -- I'm sorry, 17, what was Todd Dean's response to your e-mail?

Q. All right. We've handed you what's been identified as Exhibit 18 -- or are about to hand it to you. This is a document Bates stamped MNK TNSTA08933654. When you are done reviewing it, please let me know.

Q. Okay. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Okay. It's two e-mails, correct?

Q. The first one in sequence is from Dan Polesovsky to a number of individuals, including yourself, on June 4th of 2013, correct?

Q. Okay. And Mr. Polesovsky -- well, any reason to think you didn't receive that e-mail on or about that date?

Q. He asks -- the subject is: "Exalgo app," correct?

Q. He just says, "They want our feedback on the new Exalgo. How have you been using it? What value has it added with your Exalgo presentations," et cetera. So he's looking for feedback on the app; is that fair?

Q. Okay. So above you respond to Mr. Polesovsky's e-mail, correct?

Q. And you respond on June 5th, 2013, correct?

Q. Okay. Just read the paragraph starting after "Dan."

Q. Okay. Let's take that paragraph one at a time.

Q. What you refer to in the first sentence about the pill pullout chart for the Oxy patient, that was something included in the Exalgo app. Is that your recollection?

Q. Okay. And that would have been a chart talking about how Exalgo could be used to -- used with respect to a patient who is already on an OxyContin regimen; is that fair?

Q. Okay. The sentence starting, "Anytime I've mentioned that the technology offers barriers to those looking to divert the technology and try to place it into liquid that it creates a gooey, thick, cardiotoxic product" -- I read that correctly, correct?

Q. All right. Let's unpack that. "Technology offers barriers to those looking to divert the technology," what did you mean by that?

Q. Okay. Was the barrier to those looking to divert the technology the fact that if it was -- if the product, the Exalgo, was put into liquid, trying to dissolve it, it turns into a gooey, toxic product?

Q. Well, do you understand how Exalgo potentially could be abused by trying to dissolve the product and either inhale or -- not inhale -- somehow inject the product after dissolving it?

Q. Well, do you understand that other opioids products, that that's one method of abuse, that if the product was able to be dissolved in liquid that the active ingredient could be drawn out with a syringe and injected?

Q. Okay. So do you know what you were talking about when you wrote about the technology offering a barrier to those looking to divert?

Q. Okay. What about the "placing into liquid that it creates a gooey, thick cardiotoxic product"? What did you mean by that?

Q. Well, the barrier to diversion, was that to prevent abuse of the drug?

Q. Did Exalgo have abuse-deterrent properties?

Q. It did not?

Q. Okay. Are you not discussing an abuse-deterrent technology in this e-mail?

Q. Did you ever use the term tamper-resistant in relation to Exalgo?

Q. Okay. Is this technology that enables the product to create a gooey, thick cardiotoxic product when placed in liquid, is that a tamper-resistant technology?

Q. Did you receive any training about what you're describing here about Exalgo creating a gooey, thick cardiotoxic product when placed in liquid?

Q. Okay. Then you make the comment that the immediate response in every situation when you talk about this toxic product is, "Oh, we will just kill the patients then." What did you mean by that?

Q. Okay. You have no idea what they meant when they said this would -- "Oh, we will just kill the patients then" after hearing about the thick, cardiotoxic product?

Q. "Or that will thin the herds, want it." What did you mean by that?

Q. It was probably a typo there. Did you mean to say "or that will thin the herds, won't it?"

Q. So you don't recall anything about why you wrote what you wrote here.

Q. The last thing in that sentence you write, "drawing a comparison to Oxy and Exalgo, which is not favorable from many standpoints here in Knoxville." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And what did you mean by that?

Q. Well, you call it not favorable from many standpoints, correct?

Q. And you said here in Knoxville in particular.

Q. And would that comparison not be favorable as far as Exalgo is concerned because of the stigma associated with OxyContin being an abused drug?

Q. Well, in your experience, two years selling opioid products in Knoxville, was there a sigma attached to OxyContin that you were aware of?

Q. Okay. What was the stigma you heard about? Tell us all what stigma was associated with OxyContin.

Q. And was there a particularly heightened awareness of that in Knoxville?

Q. Generally speaking, did you try to avoid comparing Exalgo and OxyContin against one another when discussing the product with prescribers?

Q. Do you recall the source of these conversations that you refer to in this e-mail?

Q. Do you recall where these quotes came from in this e-mail, which providers provided these quotes to you?

Q. Would they have more than likely come from someone on your target list?

Q. I'll hand you a document identified as Exhibit 19. It's MNK INSTA08883652. I'll give you a chance to review it.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Okay. It's two e-mails. The first on the page is sent from you to Todd Dean and Bo Hamilton on May 12th, 2012, correct?

Q. The subject is: "Advanced Pain Therapeutics of Knoxville."

Q. Any reason to doubt you sent this e-mail on this date?

Q. All right. And you are referring to a meeting that you had with some prescribers, correct?

Q. And during that meeting -- about two-thirds down the paragraph there's a quote that starts, "He throws out."

Q. Can you start reading that paragraph or that sentence starting with, "He throws out"?

Q. I'm sorry. Let me start you over. I think you missed a word. Do you mind starting over?

Q. Okay. That's good. The comment "he throws out how my drug is killing people," you are referring to Exalgo there?

Q. Okay. Did you get any more information from the doctor as to why he told you his drug your drug was killing people?

Q. So you believe the doctor was simply confused. When he said your product was killing people, he was really referring to another product. That's your understanding?

Q. Okay. And this doctor is Dr. Gholamreza Shareghi.

Q. Okay. And was this clinic that you were visiting, was it the Advanced Pain Therapeutics of Knoxville?

Q. Okay. And do you know Dr. Rodenberg who is referred to in this paragraph?

Q. Okay. Did you ever call on Dr. Rodenberg any other time during your tenure at?

Q. Okay. Would it surprise you to know that Dr. Rodenberg was arrested three months after this e-mail was sent?

Q. I have handed you

Q. Any reason to doubt you sent this e-mail to Dan Polesovsky on or about this date of July 25th, 2013?

Q. The subject of the e-mail is: "Opioid market," correct?

Q. Okay. Would you please read the e-mail?

Q. Do you recall who told you that the DEA has been involved in limiting quantities that's being shipped into the Knoxville area due to such high abuse?

Q. Did you hear that from more than one person?

Q. Was that ever common knowledge to your understanding?

Q. Yes.

Q. As you sit here today, do you have -- did you ever remember having a general understanding when you worked at Mallinckrodt that shipments of opioids were being restricted by the DEA coming into Knoxville due to high rates of abuse in Knoxville?

Q. Do you have any idea where this understanding came from then as expressed in this e-mail?

Q. Did you believe what you wrote here was true and accurate, that the DEA had been involved in limiting quantities of opioids being shipped into Knoxville due to high rates of abuse?

Q. So you don't know whether you believed at the time you made this statement whether that was accurate?

Q. Did you ever learn later that the -- your observation here about the DEA limiting shipments of opioids into Knoxville due to high rates of abuse was accurate?

Q. Okay. Your observation here, "I really am at a loss on what I can actually do when other factors are now putting the screws on the area due to the high abuse we have here." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. What are the other factors that you refer to here "now putting the screws on the area due to the high abuse we have here"?

Q. And you say "due to the high abuse we have here." Are you reporting someone else's observation or is that your observation?

Q. So you're saying as of the date of this e-mail, July 25th, 2013, you didn't have an opinion as to whether or not opioid abuse was relatively high in the Knoxville area.

Q. Did you ever have an understanding working at Mallinckrodt whether opioid abuse in Appalachia was higher relative to the nation as a whole?

Q. That is something that you do not recall being aware of at any point working for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Well, what about just in Tennessee? Do you recall -- strike that. Do you recall whether you had the understanding while you worked at Mallinckrodt that rates of abuse of opioids in Tennessee was higher relative to the rest of the nation?

Q. Do you recall having an understanding while you worked at Mallinckrodt whether the abuse rate for opioids was relatively higher in East Tennessee compared to other areas in the nation?

Q. Would having some understanding about the abuse rates in Knoxville or upper East Tennessee or Tennessee in general, would that have been something you would have considered valuable knowledge while you were selling Mallinckrodt's opioid product in your Knoxville market?

Q. Why would that not have been valuable to you?

Q. Did you ever make an effort to try and gain some awareness or understanding about opioid abuse rates in Knoxville relative to the rest of the nation?

Q. And that was never -- strike that. The rate of abuse of opioid products in Knoxville or Tennessee generally, was that ever a topic of training or instruction from Mallinckrodt?

Q. My question is specific, though, to the rate of abuse of opioid products in Knoxville or Tennessee. Was that a topic of training or instruction from Mallinckrodt?

Q. What does protecting the script mean?

Q. Is that a buzz term or a phrase that was used frequently at Mallinckrodt, protect the script?

Q. Do you recall ever seeing that in other e-mails or communications from Mallinckrodt employees?

Q. Okay. We're on the last two.

Q. Mr. Clark, as I was about to say, we have two more documents.

Q. Thank you for hanging in there. I really appreciate it. I've handed you a document which is identified as Exhibit 21 to your deposition. This is Bates stamped MNK TNSTA08935207. Take a chance to review the document and let me know.

Q. These are a series of e-mails. The first in sequence is an e-mail to you from Dan Polesovsky on September 9th, 2013 at 7:22 a.m. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And that attaches something called ChrisClarkFCR2013.docx. Is that a field call report?

Q. Or field contact report.

Q. Okay. Great. I'm going to ask you about the e-mail immediately above that.

Q. You make a statement in here, the second sentence, "I had Teddy call me yesterday to let me know she had been fired and was now out of work and that two others are currently on the block as well." Do you know who Teddy is?

Q. What was Teddy's actual name?

Q. Okay. You're recounting a conversation you had with Teddy on a phone call that let you know she had been fired and that potentially two others at Bearden would be fired, correct?

Q. Okay. And you make -- and then can you read that -- the rest of that paragraph?

Q. Thank you. Again, she's discussing the prescribing that's going on at Bearden Healthcare, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you know -- did you know who the owners were of Bearden Healthcare at this time?

Q. Okay. Any reason to dispute that they were chiropractors, as she represented on the phone call?

Q. Okay. And what she's telling you is that doing what is right, according to the owners of Bearden Healthcare, was running patients off, correct?

Q. And that the owners told her the patients need to receive an "ample" amount of Oxy, Roxy or Opana to keep them happy and returning. That is what she told you?

Q. You used ample in quotes. Was that a quote from Teddy?

Q. So you don't recall what you meant when you wrote "an ample amount Oxy, Roxy or Opana."

Q. Okay. And when you said Oxy, in that context you meant OxyContin, correct?

Q. Okay. Roxy, what does that refer to?

Q. Okay. What was Roxicodone?

Q. Okay. And was that a generic opioid that was sold by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And then Opana, that refers to Opana ER, correct?

Q. Those are all opioids, correct?

Q. Okay. And you sent this e-mail to Dan Polesovsky on September 9th, 2013, who was your district manager at that time, correct?

Q. Okay. Did Bearden Healthcare, to your knowledge, remain on your call list after this date?

Q. Do you recall whether Mallinckrodt told you stop calling on Bearden Healthcare after the date of this e-mail?

Q. This is a document we've identified as Exhibit 22 to your deposition. This is Mallinckrodt -- I'm sorry. It's Bates stamped MNKTNSTA08941580. When you finish reviewing it, let me know, please.

Q. Do you recognize the document?

Q. Any reason to doubt that you would have sent this e-mail, the top e-mail in this sequence, to those individuals listed there on June 4th, 2014?

Q. Okay. The first e-mail in the sequence at the bottom is from do-not-reply@wbir.com. Do you see that?

Q. And what is -- do you know where that e-mail comes from?

Q. That would be a Knoxville television station?

Q. And the e-mail is to Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Who owns that e-mail address?

Q. Is that your personal e-mail address?

Q. Okay. And can you read below where it says message from?

Q. Read that part of the e-mail.

Q. Okay. What caused you to receive that e-mail, if you know, from WBIR?

Q. Sure. I'm trying to understand how it was you got this e-mail from WBIR. Did you ask for it to be sent to Vou?

Q. Okay. So this was an unsolicited e-mail from WBIR?

Q. Can you explain how you came to receive this e-mail from WBIR?

Q. Okay. So you would have located this story and sent to it yourself.

Q. That's your recollection. Okay. Great. then right above that you send this e-mail to -- from your personal e-mail account to your Mallinckrodt e-mail account, correct?

Q. On June 4th, 2014.

Q. Okay. And then up above you then forward the WBIR story to Brad Newberry, correct?

Q. Who is Brad Newberry?

Q. Okay. To Teresa Crawford, who is that?

Q. To Mark Pugh. He was another representative in that district, correct?

Q. Okay. Cindy Warren, who is she?

Q. Lauren Graves.

Q. And then Todd Druen.

Q. Okay. And tell me why you sent this WBIR news story about pain pills in Tennessee to these people.

Q. Did reading these statistics make you reflect at all or give you any doubt on selling Mallinckrodt's opioids to Tennessee residents?

Q. Did you get any feedback from people in this e-mail about this story that you forwarded about 1 in 20 in Tennessee popping pain pills for recreational use?

Q. Did you get any feedback from anyone else at Mallinckrodt about this e-mail?