Witness:  Eileen Spaulding
Attorney: MR. Gotto
Source:   MNKOI0004561392
============================================================

Q. Good morning, Ms. Spaulding.

Q. My name is Gary Gotta. We met briefly just before we went on the record. We've never met before today, correct?

Q. Have you ever given a deposition previously?

Q. Okay. Well, we will -- just a few items by way of background. Please let me finish my questions if you can, and I'll certainly try to let you finish your answers before so we don't speak over each other. If any of my questions are unclear to you in any way, let me know and I'll do my best to clarify them.

Q. If you answer a question without asking for a clarification, I'll assume you felt like you understood it. Okay?

Q. And this is kind of a large table so I'll try to keep my voice up so we can all hear each other. But I'm not shouting, I'm just trying to --

Q. By whom are you employed?

Q. And what's your business address?

Q. And when did you first become employed at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Before we get into your Mallinckrodt employment, just a little bit of background. Describe for me briefly your post-high school education.

Q. Okay. What is PSE&G?

Q. Okay. And do you hold any professional licenses or certifications?

Q. Approximately when did you get your associate's degree?

Q. Okay. All right. And prior to Mallinckrodt did you have any employment history that was related in any way to the pharmaceuticals industry?

Q. In your undergraduate work did you take any coursework that related to the pharmaceuticals industry?

Q. Have you done any other formal -- apart from on-the-job training or internal training programs provided at Mallinckrodt, any other educational programs that you've taken that relate in any way to the pharmaceuticals industry?

Q. That would be -- let me -- the pharmaceuticals industry -- well, let's be as broad as we can. That relate to pharmaceuticals in any way, so that would include anything related to DEA training or the Controlled Substances Act, anything of that nature.

Q. Okay. And have those all been during the time you were employed by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. We'll get into that in just a bit. Tell me what you did -- and I don't want you to disclose any communications with your counsel, but what did you do to prepare for today's deposition?

Q. Okay. And how many times did you meet with counsel?

Q. And approximately when did you meet with counsel?

Q. And were those personal meetings or telephonic?

Q. And who was present?

Q. No one else?

Q. Approximately how long did each one of the meetings last?

Q. And you can just answer this yes or no. Did you review any documents during those meetings?

Q. And did any of those documents refresh your recollection in any regard?

Q. And in what regards can you recall your recollection being refreshed?

Q. Okay. Was there any particular matter you can recall reviewing a document and having that document refresh your recollection as to a specific subject matter or event?

Q. So again, and I think this is consistent with your counsel's instruction, I'd like you to tell me not the document itself but just the subject matter, what the event or the subject matter as to which you can recall your recollection being refreshed by reviewing a document.

Q. Sure. Okay. Fair to say, then, there's not a specific thing that comes to your mind as you're sitting here today of, for example, reviewing a document and having the sensation of oh, gee, I forgot all about that meeting but now that I review this document I remember there was such a meeting, or anything of that nature that would be more specific than just a general, well, I see a document and that at some level, you know, causes me to better remember something that happened some years back?

Q. Okay. Have you reviewed any transcripts of any deposition testimony given by any of the witnesses in this matter?

Q. Have you had -- well, have you spoken to anyone who has given a deposition in this matter with respect to their deposition?

Q. Okay. And who did you speak to in that regard?

Q. Anyone else?

Q. Have you reviewed any of the papers that have been filed in court related to this litigation, including any of the complaints filed by any of the plaintiffs?

Q. Are you aware that there's in excess of a thousand complaints that have been filed by various governmental entities, counties, municipalities, etcetera, relating to the opioid epidemic?

Q. And again without divulging any communications with counsel, how did you first become aware of that?

Q. Is it a subject -- the litigation, is that a subject that you've had any conversations with anyone else at Mallinckrodt, again apart from communications with counsel?

Q. Have you taken any steps to preserve any documents that might in any way relate to the subject matter of the opioid litigation?

Q. Okay. But -- and that would apply to documents that, for example, are on Mallinckrodt servers or on your work computer, that sort of thing?

Q. Okay. In terms of -- do you have a personal computer at home?

Q. You don't. Okay. Do you have at home any paper files that in any way relate to your work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And have you at any time?

Q. Okay. But in terms of maintaining a file in a file --

Q. -- cabinet at your home or anything like that, that's not something that you do?

Q. Okay. Well, let's talk about your employment at Mallinckrodt. I'd like first to just get a general sense of the positions that you've held over the years. I realize you've been there a long time and you may be a little fuzzy on particular dates, and that's fine. This isn't a memory contest. And we'll look at some documents that may pin down some dates from time to time as we go through today. But just at a general level, if you can tell me the positions that you've held over the years at Mallinckrodt.

Q. Okay. So prior to April of '01, in the packaging and validations positions, just tell me generally what responsibilities you had in those positions.

Q. Okay. And did you receive any training with respect to either of those positions?

Q. What was the nature of the training?

Q. And what is SOP training?

Q. Okay. You said April of '01 you transitioned to a compliance role. What was the compliance role that you transitioned into?

Q. Okay. And you indicated this was a new position that was created in '01, is that correct?

Q. And it was related to the establishment of the distribution center?

Q. And what was the nature of the additional license?

Q. And so the DEA distributor license, what did that permit Mallinckrodt to do that it hadn't done previously?

Q. So prior to having the distributor license, Mallinckrodt had a license to manufacture controlled substances, correct?

Q. And so it would then -- what would it then do with the controlled substances after it manufactured them?

Q. And did Mallinckrodt in St. Louis have

Q. Okay. So the distributor license that was obtained in '01 was for the Hobart facility?

Q. Okay. So when you took the position of compliance investigator, to whom did you report at that time?

Q. And what was her position?

Q. And for how long did that reporting relationship continue?

Q. Was it some number of years?

Q. Okay. And to whom did you report after you no longer reported to Ms. McPhail?

Q. And who was that?

Q. And for how long did those reporting relationships continue?

Q. And after that to whom did you report?

Q. Do you recall approximately when you began reporting to Ms. Harper?

Q. And do you recall what her position was at that time?

Q. And for how long did your reporting relationship with Ms. Harper continue?

Q. Okay. The position compliance investigator which you indicated was a new position when you took it in '01, did you receive a written job description or a list of responsibilities?

Q. How did you come to have that position? Did you apply for it?

Q. Do you recall by whom you were interviewed?

Q. And did you have an understanding at the time as to what in your background qualified you for that position?

Q. And you listed a few items that you had responsibility for, for example, ARCOS reporting. What was ARCOS reporting?

Q. And those reports went to whom?

Q. Okay. And so was it your -- you had responsibility for completing those reports, is that right?

Q. And do you continue to have that responsibility today?

Q. Tell me what the -- just in general what the ARCOS report reports to the DEA?

Q. And how do you go about gathering the data that you include in that report?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. Maybe you can tell me at the beginning how you did it, and then how that process changed over the years.

Q. Okay. When did it -- did the reports convert from quarterly to monthly, if you remember?

Q. Is there anyone else involved in the process of compiling the data and transmitting the ARCOS reports?

Q. Well, are you involved in the ARCOS reporting for other than the Hobart distribution license?

Q. Okay. And when did that come to be that you had someone working under you that you just described?

Q. So prior to the time that you had this person working under you on the manufacturing license, was there anyone else involved in compiling or transmitting the ARCOS reports that you had responsibility for?

Q. Was there any process in place to review the ARCOS reports that you prepared for accuracy or completeness?

Q. Okay. So let's go back to when it was

Q. Okay. So you would input the data into that format, is that how it would be prepared?

Q. And so your personal involvement in the preparation of the reports, what does it consist of?

Q. Okay. So, and is that a description that's still current?

Q. Okay. So is there any process in place at Mallinckrodt, or has there been at any point, to review any of the steps that you take that you just described for accuracy, errors, completeness, etcetera?

Q. Okay. Is the ARCOS reporting function something that is a subject of any annual goals that you set or reviews that you receive?

Q. Okay. Goals or reviews or both?

Q. Okay. And other than timeliness, any other aspect of the reporting that was subject of any goals or reviews?

Q. Do you have an understanding of the purpose of the -- from the DEA's standpoint, do you have an understanding of the purpose for the ARCOS reports?

Q. And what's that understanding?

Q. And does that happen regularly, that there are errors?

Q. And what's the nature of the errors typically?

Q. Okay. And the nature of the information that you submit in the ARCOS report, you indicated it's -- what you acquired and what you distributed, at what level of detail is that information? Is it by, for example, API, or how is it categorized?

Q. The distributor license.

Q. Okay. And the bottles received in the case of the Hobart facility, from whom would they be received?

Q. Okay. And so that manufacturer, whether it's Mallinckrodt Hobart or another manufacturer, they would be reporting on a separate ARCOS report their receipt and then sale of those manufactured goods, correct?

Q. And that's not a process you're involved in in the Hobart facility, correct, or at least until April, 2001 -- 2017, you were not involved in that process?

Q. The process I'm referring to is whatever ARCOS report related to Hobart's manufacturing activities, that report is not something that at least until April of 2017 you had any involvement in, is that correct?

Q. Okay. Do you know who was the primary person responsible for reporting?

Q. Okay. And currently the person who does that reporting reports to you, is that correct?

Q. And who is that?

Q. So since April of 2017, are you involved in actually working on the preparation of the manufacturing license ARCOS report for the Hobart facility?

Q. Do you, in your capacity supervising Ms. Johnson, do you review anything -- any of the work that she does relative to that ARCOS reporting?

Q. You indicated that prior to 2017, if there was a -- if there was an issue or problem with the manufacturing license ARCOS reporting at Hobart you would sometimes get involved in that. Do you recall any particular issues or problems that arose from time to time?

Q. In any of the -- you indicated early on that there have been a number of DEA-sponsored seminars or other training sessions that you've attended. Has ARCOS reporting been a subject of any of those sessions?

Q. And what's been the substance of that, that you can recall?

Q. Okay. One of the other subject matters you indicated you had responsibility for is losses in transit. What did you mean by that phrase?

Q. Okay. And is that something that's the subject of a regular report, or is it something that's just reported on as it occurs?

Q. And how do you -- how would you become aware of the circumstances that would then give rise to such a report?

Q. Okay. And so once you receive word of such an event, what do you do to act on that?

Q. And is that something you personally are involved in, working with the carrier when there's missing contents?

Q. And so how do you go about determining whether those contents can be recovered?

Q. And overgoods is what?

Q. Okay. So if the -- do losses in transit ever result in a report that goes to the DEA?

Q. Under what circumstances?

Q. Okay. And is that something that you're responsible for preparing?

Q. And what does the 106 report report to the DEA?

Q. And is there such a report prepared any time any amount of controlled substances is lost in transit and not otherwise accounted for?

Q. Well, so the 106 report, let me ask it

Q. And would that be -- is there any minimum amount of missing product that if you fall below the minimum you don't have to do the 106 report, anything like that?

Q. Okay. Even if it was one bottle?

Q. Or one pill?

Q. Can you give me a sense for the frequency, and if this changed over time how it changed over time, the frequency of filing 106 reports with the DEA that you worked on?

Q. Sure. I understand. In a typical, say, month period, do you have an estimate of how many 106 reports on average you would have filed?

Q. Well, again, if it changed over time -- really the entire time that you've been responsible, but if it's changed over time, you know, how that's changed.

Q. So the carrier that you changed from, who was the carrier that you had more loss experience with?

Q. Okay. Do you recall when that -- about when that transition occurred?

Q. Was it, say, before 2012?

Q. Before 2010?

Q. So probably before 2010?

Q. Okay. And were the problems primarily damage, or were they losses that ultimately couldn't be accounted for?

Q. Okay. And so am I understanding correctly if there's damage but the product is all accounted for, that doesn't result in a 106 report, correct?

Q. Okay. And what would happen if you couldn't locate within 24 hours so you filed the 106, and then you subsequently find out from FedEx that they're able to locate the product, do you then update the DEA on that, or --

Q. Okay. So your estimate, I realize it's a rough estimate, of four to five 106 reports a year for the last several years, are those 106 reports as to which ultimately the product was never actually recovered? Is that fair?

Q. Okay. That estimate of roughly four to five a year, would that go back to as far back as whenever it was that you made the transition away from FedEx Ground?

Q. Okay. During the period of when you were using FedEx Ground, do you have a sense for approximately how many, on average, how many 106s on average were filed annually?

Q. Was it twice as many?

Q. Okay. I'd like to understand, and I realize since 2001 we're dealing with a long time period here and some of this is going to necessarily be, you know, a little fuzzy perhaps as to specific dates and that sort of thing, but I'd like to understand how your job responsibilities changed over the years, if they have changed. So if you can just -- let's start with sort of a general description of how those responsibilities have changed over the years.

Q. Great. Thank you. Let's go through some of those items. I think we've -- the ARCOS reporting responsibility, I think you've already described, is a continuing one that you still have for the distribution license at Hobart, correct?

Q. Apart from the testimony you've already given us this morning, is there any other aspect of ARCOS reporting that's been your responsibility?

Q. Or at any time.

Q. Okay. And waste data entry, which you'd indicated was an early on responsibility, is that something you still have responsibility for?

Q. And what does that waste data entry consist of?

Q. And you indicated your team still does -- is still responsible for that. Who on your team currently has that responsibility?

Q. Okay. Next item you indicated was discrepancy reporting. What's that?

Q. Okay. And so some of those discrepancies are the result of damage in transit, the sort of thing you discussed -- described a little earlier today. It sounds like sometimes there's a misfilling of an order, though. What happens in those situations?

Q. Okay. And you also indicated sometimes the customer may have ordered the wrong item.

Q. Okay. And in that situation, is there any sort of report that gets generated when that happens, or --

Q. -- how is it handled?

Q. Okay. And that discrepancy reporting, is that something that you're personally involved in?

Q. Another item you mentioned was destruction of waste. Is that the process you have described a few moments ago where you shipped the waste to a reverse distributor for destruction?

Q. And is that -- shipment of that waste, is that documented with the DEA somehow?

Q. Okay. So the -- either the 222 form or the transfer form that you mentioned, are those things that you have responsibility for?

Q. Is there a regular process for the destruction of waste, or is it handled on an as-needed basis?

Q. Okay. Another thing you mentioned were walk-throughs. What did you mean by that?

Q. Okay. And so when you say we do that daily, who is "we" in that setting?

Q. So describe for me, if you would, the Hobart facility, just the physical setup relative to your office. For example, since you walk through it daily, about how large is the facility?

Q. Is it multi-story?

Q. Okay. So the walk-through that you do every day, how long does it take you?

Q. Okay. Are there particular things you look for when you're doing the walk-through?

Q. And one of the -- actually right after the walk-throughs you indicated learning more about the CFRs and regulations, and part of your walk-through, I take it, is to satisfy yourself that the facility is in compliance with applicable regulations, correct?

Q. And so describe for me the process you've gone through over the years to learn about and stay current on the applicable regulations.

Q. Okay. Is that a -- do you still go to the seminars that DEA sponsors?

Q. Okay. So during the time since 2001 when you became involved in compliance, about how many DEA-sponsored trainings have you been to?

Q. And are these multi-day programs?

Q. And you also indicated you attended the Buzzeo training, correct?

Q. How often have you done that?

Q. Up to the current?

Q. What's the subject matter that's typically covered at the Buzzeo conferences?

Q. Okay. Are there particular, for example the roundtable discussions, particular ones that you make a point of participating in at these conferences?

Q. Which are those?

Q. So let me be sure -- I just want to be sure I've covered all the various sort of formal DEA-related training conferences and seminars that you've gone to. You indicated about a dozen or so of the DEA-sponsored programs, although there hasn't been one in the last at least couple of years, correct?

Q. And the Buzzeo, those are one a year?

Q. Okay. Are there other training programs of that type that you've attended?

Q. And do you attend the NADDI conferences regularly?

Q. About how many times?

Q. How recently can you recall going to one?

Q. Are they annual?

Q. Okay. Apart from NADDI, Buzzeo, and the DEA-sponsored, any other ones you can think of?

Q. In one of your answers a moment ago you made reference to NPRM?

Q. Okay. Thank you. Do you recall any particular proposed rules that were covered in any of the conferences you attended?

Q. You've mentioned quota a couple of times. What's been your responsibility over the years with respect to quota?

Q. When you say "quota," what do you -- just so the record is clear what we're talking about here, what do you mean by quota?

Q. And would your involvement be with respect to the manufacturing activities at the Hobart facility?

Q. And is it specific to facility by facility?

Q. Okay. And so to the extent there's a quota for Mallinckrodt St. Louis facility, that's not something you have involvement with, is that correct?

Q. Okay. Do you know who has the corresponding role, the role that corresponds to your role at Hobart with respect to the St. Louis quota for manufacturing?

Q. Okay. And the quota that -- focusing on the Hobart-related quota that you do have responsibility for, when did you first have responsibility for quota?

Q. Okay. And so the actual submission, has that always been Ms. Harper's responsibility?

Q. Yeah. Well, let me back up. You said -- you made reference to your involvement being a second set of eyes. Was there any time when you had more involvement than simply being a second set of eyes?

Q. Okay. And so when did you take on that additional responsibility?

Q. In 2017?

Q. Okay. So prior to 2017 when Ms. Johnson started to report to you, in the second set of eyes role that you mentioned, what did your activities consist of with respect to quota?

Q. Okay. And you indicated that initially you had very little responsibility for -- with quota, and that changed over time. Did you have more responsibility when you began reporting to Ms. Harper?

Q. I'm just trying to understand when you started to have this additional responsibility, the second eyes review of the quota applications.

Q. Okay. So what did you do to learn more about quota?

Q. And so the DEA seminars on quota training, what are the topics they cover in that context?

Q. So when you say "research versus manufacturing," what did you mean by that?

Q. Okay. And is that also what you meant when you said when you start needing quota, is that this research versus manufacturing distinction?

Q. Describe for me generally how the quota process works from your perspective. The DEA provides a quota allocation for the Hobart manufacturing facility from time to time, correct?

Q. Okay. And so that initial grant is granted with respect to an upcoming calendar year?

Q. Okay. And then the DEA acts on that application at some point prior to the upcoming January 1, provides the quota allocation for the upcoming calendar year, correct?

Q. And so the quota allocation -- when you say API, I mean, that's active pharmaceutical ingredient, correct?

Q. And so is the quota for -- that the DEA grants for the upcoming year, is that on an API by API basis?

Q. And is it --

Q. By molecule. Okay. So it isn't with respect to a particular dosage, for example, is that right?

Q. So, for example, would you have a certain allocation of oxycodone for the calendar year as compared to an allocation of 20-milligram tablets, 30-milligram tablets, etcetera?

Q. Okay. So for each API, the API is then broken down to in different dosages?

Q. And that's how, ultimately the DEA when they grant the quota, that's how it's granted?

Q. Okay. But whatever grant you get, it is expressed in terms of by API by dosage?

Q. Okay. So let's just use oxycodone for an example, that's an API, correct, oxycodone?

Q. Okay. And so when you submit the application, you would have that broken down in various dosages?

Q. And a certain number of tablets in each dosage, correct?

Q. And you could add up how many molecules are in all those tablets and then come up with a gross amount of oxycodone API that's covered by your application, correct?

Q. Okay. But then when the DEA actually grants the quota, it's simply an amount of that API?

Q. Okay. And so -- and that grant, as you indicated, may -- or frequently is less than the gross amount that was applied for, correct?

Q. And so when that happens, do you have an understanding once you have that quota grant and, let's say, it's less than the gross amount that was applied for, what that -- what the Hobart facility is permitted to then manufacture in terms of different dosages under that quota grant?

Q. Okay. And so is there any need to go back to the DEA for any further update on the quota or clarification once you make the determination of what to manufacture in light of the quota that was granted?

Q. Ms. Spaulding, before we broke we were -- you were testifying about the quota process and some aspects of it. And if I understand correctly, from time to time there can be applications for an update to the quota during the calendar year, is that correct?

Q. And is that a process that you're involved in?

Q. Well, have you been involved in it at any time frame since you've been at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And what's been your involvement in that process?

Q. Okay. In your experience, is it -- what's the frequency with which there are -- Mallinckrodt with respect to the Hobart facility has made application for increase in quota?

Q. Okay. Is it -- has it ever been your experience since you've been at Mallinckrodt that with respect to -- well, strike that. When you have worked on an application for a quota increase, what are the steps that go into that process?

Q. Okay. And I think you testified before the break that it is sometimes the case that the quota that's granted for a calendar year is less than what was applied for, correct?

Q. Okay. And so if the quota -- let's say the quota was granted for less than what was applied for, and sales of that particular API are consistent with what the forecast had been, so as the year is unfolding, consistent with what your application originally showed, you'd be running short, correct, if the quota was less than what you applied for, correct?

Q. And so in that situation, would you apply for increased quota?

Q. Okay. So it could sometimes be the case that the application for increased quota could show sales consistent with what had previously been forecast, but the shortage arising from the fact that the quota that was granted was less than had been applied for?

Q. And then sometimes it may be the case that sales were actually greater than what had been forecast for one reason or another, and a shortage from the quota results, correct?

Q. Okay. In your experience, what's the time frame approximately for the DEA to act on a request for increased quota?

Q. Sure, start with currently.

Q. Okay. Has that changed over the years?

Q. And approximately what was the time frame when the longer time period applied?

Q. Okay. So it was your understanding there was a period of time when the actual head of the DEA personally reviewed and signed off on each quota request?

Q. And do you know currently what the -- who at the DEA reviews and signs off on quota requests?

Q. So, Ms. Spaulding, when -- currently when there's a request for a quota increase, is that typically made as to one specific API?

Q. Okay. And is there, in your experience, is there a process of any sort of interaction with the DEA when the quota request is made? Is there back and forth with the DEA, or do you simply wait for them to act on it and see what they do?

Q. Okay. And is it your experience that generally do they ask for more information, or is that kind of an exceptional circumstance when they do that?

Q. With respect to the Hobart manufacturing quota, who is it at Mallinckrodt that's had primary responsibility for submitting the applications and any applications for increased quota?

Q. Okay. And who is it at Mallinckrodt that has the authority to determine the amount of quota that will be requested from time to time?

Q. Well, that would be -- one question would be who signs the letters, sure.

Q. Okay. Does she have the authority to make the decision as to the amount of quota that will be requested of the DEA either in an annual request or request for increase?

Q. Okay. Do you have an authority to approved without Ms. Harper's authorization?

Q. Okay. So the initial, when you say "the initial," you mean the calendar year requests that you described was due April 1st of each year?

Q. And so what's the process that you go through to compile that annual request?

Q. Okay. And when you say your team, who is participating in that process?

Q. And the time period during which you've had that responsibility for the annual quota request, what's that time period?

Q. Okay. Prior to that time, who was performing the corresponding duties with respect to the annual requests?

Q. And did you assist in that other than the second pair of eyes role that you described?

Q. Okay. The sales -- I'm sorry. The forecast data that supports the quota request, how is that compiled?

Q. Okay. And I think you've already testified that it's often the case that the quota that's actually granted by the DEA is less than what's applied for, is that fair?

Q. So would there -- would it be possible to factor that in when you make the application, right, apply for more than you think you might need on the expectation that the DEA is going to grant less than you asked for?

Q. So is there any negative consequence of if you were to apply for if you were to receive quota that exceeded what you ultimately turn out to need during that year, is there any negative consequences to that?

Q. Okay. Well, you make your quota application for the year, and if you receive quota that's less than what you actually need, obviously there's a potential negative consequence there that you can't fill the orders that you get?

Q. And you have to update that and try to get an increase during the year, right? That's one scenario. Sounds like that's not an uncommon scenario, right?

Q. And does that happen frequently that you have excess quota as you're approaching the year end?

Q. And apart from this year-end straddling you described where they allow you to have a certain amount to keep your production straddling the year-end, is there any carryover from year to year of unused quota from one year to the next?

Q. Going back to your -- earlier today you gave me a description of how your responsibilities evolved over the years, and we've been talking about the quota component of that. You indicated that at some point you became a compliance analyst, correct?

Q. Okay. So that was pre-'07, then, if that was during the Tyco time?

Q. And then after Mallinckrodt spun off from Tyco, what -- did you keep the compliance analyst title at that point?

Q. And I've seen some documents where I think you signed as a compliance investigator. Did you have that title at some point?

Q. Okay. And then you indicated at some point you became the senior controlled substance compliance coordinator?

Q. When was that?

Q. Do you have an approximate?

Q. And when did you become manager?

Q. Okay. But in terms of title, it was compliance analyst and then compliance coordinator and then ultimately manager, is that fair?

Q. Okay. Now, you indicated one of the things you had responsibility for are DEA audits?

Q. Tell me what the DEA audit process is that you had responsibility with respect to.

Q. Okay. And who were the persons who were in the role of security manager from time to time?

Q. Any other roles with respect to the DEA audits apart from this process you described of retrieving records that were requested by DEA?

Q. Okay. Does this go back to 2001 that you were the point of contact for DEA visits?

Q. Was there a reason for that change?

Q. Do you remember approximate time frame when that occurred?

Q. So in terms of responding to questions that the DEA would pose during these audits, what sorts of questions can you recall the DEA posing to you?

Q. Okay. And were they typically things that you would be able to answer off the top of your head, or normally are they things that you needed to go back and research?

Q. And the DEA audit, is it a regularly scheduled event with a regular frequency, or was it just whenever they happen to tell you they're going to do it?

Q. Is it ordinarily done -- even though it may be unannounced, is it approximately an annual event, or is it done more frequently than that?

Q. Does the DEA after their audit provide you with any sort of report or their feedback as to the results of the audit?

Q. Can you recall specific examples of any sort of negative feedback you got from the DEA as to a process or other matter that came up in the course of their audit?

Q. Sure. Maybe negative is a bad word. For example, you said they might from time to time say, well, we don't really like that, do it this way. Can you think of specific examples where that sort of comment came back to you?

Q. Anything else of that nature you can recall?

Q. You mentioned one of the topics that you have attended trainings on is state licensing?

Q. So in what aspects of state licensing did you have responsibility for from time to time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. When you say "we," who else from Mallinckrodt attends those types of trainings?

Q. And how about, you indicated exports was another topic that you attend trainings on from time to time. What aspect of exports do you have responsibility for?

Q. And you indicated the suspicious order monitoring was one of the topics that you attended trainings on. What aspects of suspicious order monitoring do you have responsibility for?

Q. And who is that?

Q. And what is the aspect of the SOM program that your team has responsibility for?

Q. That customer checklist transitioning, what -- it's being transitioned from where?

Q. And for how long has your team had these responsibilities with respect to SOM?

Q. So before that time, what responsibilities did you have with respect to SOM?

Q. As a backup reviewer, what was your role there?

Q. And what do those reviews consist of?

Q. And when did you first have that backup responsibility?

Q. And you've made reference a couple times to the algorithm hit. When was the algorithm implemented, do you recall?

Q. And when you say since you went into the role, what do you mean by that?

Q. Okay. So there was an algorithm in place from 2001 at Hobart for SOM?

Q. Do you recall what that algorithm consisted of in any regard going back to 2001?

Q. Did you have an understanding of how the algorithm changed over time?

Q. So since 2012, has the algorithm changed?

Q. And have you had an understanding of how it has changed since then?

Q. And what -- tell me what you can recall as to how it's changed since 2012.

Q. And so tell me what the difference is between bill to and ship to.

Q. Okay. Any other changes in the algorithm since 2012 that you're aware of?

Q. Do you have any understanding as to the reason for the change from bill to to ship to?

Q. You indicated that you've been a member of the SOM team. For how long have you been a member of the SOM team?

Q. So is the -- was the change to the algorithm that you described something that the SOM team had involvement on?

Q. Were you involved in discussions of that change?

Q. And what can you recall of those discussions?

Q. And do you recall why it was thought that that would be better?

Q. You indicated that your team currently has at least some responsibility for the anti-diversion program?

Q. And what are the responsibilities related to the anti-diversion program?

Q. To your knowledge, is there someone at Mallinckrodt that has responsibility for the overall comprehensive anti-diversion program?

Q. And when you use the word "diversion," what do you mean by that?

Q. When you say "lifecycle," what do you mean?

Q. So that lifecycle that you've described, dispensing, blending, compression or packaging, are those all things that occur in the plant?

Q. Okay. So is diversion something that occurs in the manufacturing process, as you use the term?

Q. And what controls are in place in terms of diversion in the manufacturing process?

Q. Okay. And then is there diversion that can occur after the product leaves the manufacturing facility?

Q. Okay. And some of the anti-diversion steps that you described, for example placebo tablets, to law enforcement, that would be related to diversion that's occurring after the product leaves your manufacturing facility, right?

Q. And so diversion in that sense after it's left the manufacturing facility, when you use the term diversion in that context, what does it mean to you?

Q. And you're aware that the litigation I realize you haven't read any of the operative complaints, but you're aware that the litigation in large part pertains to various opioids that have, to use your term, wound up not where they belong, correct?

Q. And you're aware that that's become a serious problem over the last period of time, correct?

Q. When do you recall first being aware that the diversion of opioids was a serious problem?

Q. Okay. When you -- in 2001 when you first had responsibility in compliance, did you view diversion of opioids at that point as a serious problem?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. How about in 2012 when you indicated you became a member of the SOM team, at that point did you view diversion as a serious problem?

Q. Do you recall any time at Mallinckrodt receiving any -- well, during the period that you reported to Ms. Harper, was there any -- ever a time when Ms. Harper communicated to you that -- a belief that diversion was a serious problem?

Q. Okay. Do you recall anyone else at Mallinckrodt at any point communicating to you a belief that diversion was a serious problem?

Q. Okay. In what context can you recall that?

Q. Do you recall the approximate time frame?

Q. You indicated that Mallinckrodt has a comprehensive program to try to address diversion, correct?

Q. And so let's just talk about some of the components of that. One of them you indicated was providing placebo tablets to law enforcement, correct?

Q. And do you recall when that began?

Q. And you indicated that one of the things that's done with respect to diversion is to keep up-to-date on what the drugs of concern are, correct?

Q. And I take it in that sense you mean concern to law enforcement?

Q. Okay. And do you do anything personally to stay up-to-date on what the drugs of concern are?

Q. Okay. And this process of being up-to-date on drugs of concern, when did that begin, at least as far as your own involvement in it?

Q. And when you're aware of a drug being identified as a drug of concern from time to time, what steps would that trigger at Mallinckrodt with respect to that particular drug?

Q. So more sensitive to it, but how does that sensitivity manifest itself in any particular action?

Q. So what drugs can you recall being identified as drugs of concern? You've already mentioned hydrocodone. What other ones can you recall?

Q. And so the drugs that you can recall being identified as drugs of concern, were they all drugs that Mallinckrodt manufactured?

Q. And were they all drugs that Mallinckrodt had a significant market share at least of generics?

Q. Okay. Were you aware from time to time that Mallinckrodt was a leading manufacturer of many of the opioid drugs of concern that were identified from time to time?

Q. You've heard reference to an opioid epidemic in this country, correct?

Q. When do you first recall being aware that there was an opioid epidemic?

Q. Is it something that you can recall receiving any information from others at Mallinckrodt about?

Q. You'd agree that certain prescription opioids manufactured by Mallinckrodt have been diverted over the years, wouldn't you?

Q. And you would agree that certain opioids manufactured by Mallinckrodt have contributed to the opioid epidemic, wouldn't you?

Q. You indicated that one of the -- one of your responsibilities has been to learn about applicable regulations that apply to the Hobart facility's manufacturing and distribution licenses, correct?

Q. And do those include requirements to design and maintain a suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. And so when did you first become familiar with those regulatory requirements?

Q. The letters from Mr. Rannazzisi?

Q. Did you receive those letters when they went out?

Q. Okay. So you were aware of corporate review in the early 2000s. In terms of your -- any personal involvement you had or responsibility that pertained to Mallinckrodt's regulatory obligation to design and maintain an effective SOM program, when did you first have any personal responsibility in that regard?

Q. So when you -- during the period of time when you had responsibility to review the orders that were algorithm hits, any approximation what that time period is?

Q. All right. What would you do when there was an algorithm hit that -- you indicated you would review it through customer service. What were the specific steps you would take?

Q. When you use the term "algorithm hit," are you familiar with the term "peculiar order"?

Q. Okay. Was that a term that was part of the Mallinckrodt SOM process at some point?

Q. And so was an algorithm hit, as you've used that term, the same thing as an order that was identified as a peculiar order?

Q. And so if an algorithm hit order was provided to you, or you became aware of it for SOM purposes, and you went through customer service and got an explanation and you noted what that explanation was, what would happen after that with respect to that particular order?

Q. It would be filled?

Q. Okay. So what would happen? Would anything happen after that, once you got the response back from customer service and you noted whatever the response was that you received? Would anything further happen with that order?

Q. Okay. But the -- there was a report sent to the DEA?

Q. And what was the nature of that report? Was it a regular monthly report, or was it a particular report with respect to each order?

Q. Okay. And was -- were you the person who submitted those reports to DEA?

Q. And again, do you have a time frame in mind when this was the applicable procedure?

Q. Okay. So --

Q. Yes.

Q. Ms. Spaulding, we've handed you a document that we marked as Exhibit 1 bearing Bates MNK-T1 0000278740, appears to be an e-mail from Karen Harper to you dated 11/11/09 concerning your goal. Would you please take a moment to look at that e-mail?

Q. Do you recognize that e-mail?

Q. Did you annually establish goals that you would -- you and Ms. Harper establish what your goals would be for the upcoming year?

Q. Any reason to think that this e-mail does not accurately describe what your goals are for 2010?

Q. Okay. And among those goals, you'll see it indicates "Continue implementation and ongoing upgrades of the Suspicious Order Monitoring Program by second quarter fiscal year '10"?

Q. And the fiscal here at Mallinckrodt ends when?

Q. Okay. So the fiscal year 2010 would be the year ending September 30, 2010?

Q. And so the second quarter of that year would have been ending on March 31, 2010, is that right?

Q. Do you recall what the implementation and ongoing upgrades tasks were that you -- that your goal included for fiscal year 2010?

Q. Fair to say that at this point you would have had an understanding of at least some aspects of the SOM program at this time, correct?

Q. Had you had responsibility for implementation for upgrade of any aspect of the SOM program for fiscal year 2009?

Q. And do you have any recollection of upgrades that you were involved in considering in fiscal year 2010?

Q. Do you have any recollection as to any aspects of the SOM program that Ms. Harper indicated to you required upgrading in this time frame?

Q. Yes. Do you have any recollection of Ms. Harper in this time frame indicating to you that there were any particular aspects of the SOM program that required upgrading?

Q. Do you have a general understanding of what required upgrading?

Q. Do you recall if there was a written SOM program at this point?

Q. Well, was there a SOM program that was memorialized in any sort of document?

Q. Well, or any sort of document.

Q. Okay. You don't recall one way or the other whether there was a written program or not?

Q. Do you recall working with anyone in fiscal year '10 on the implementation and upgrading of the SOM?

Q. Okay. Who can you recall being involved in that review?

Q. Anyone else?

Q. And you don't recall what the time frame was of that review?

Q. We've handed you what we've marked as Exhibit 2, a multi-page document beginning at MNK-T1 0000490704, appears to be a Fiscal Year '10 Assessment. Would you take a look at that document and tell me if you recognize it?

Q. Okay. Did you receive a similar review each year?

Q. Okay. If you would turn to the page that's numbered 5, it ends in Bates 708. And the Performance Factor or Target Competency is "DEA Reports." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And in the Expected Results paragraph, the last sentence says "Continue implementation and ongoing upgrades of the Suspicious Order Monitoring Program by second quarter fiscal year '10." That's what we had seen in the prior document, correct, your goals for fiscal year '10?

Q. Now, that was -- was that upgrade accomplished in fiscal year '10?

Q. So in your "End-of-Year Accomplishments " paragraph, the last sentence indicates "Continuing to assist and implement upgrades on the SOM when identified along with generation of a quarterly report to DEA." Do you see that?

Q. Sure. Yes, "End-of-year Results/Accomplishments ," the paragraph that begins "All controlled substance reports."

Q. It's the last sentence of that paragraph.

Q. Okay. And then if you look at the following paragraph "End-of-Year Results/Accomplishments ," would that have been Ms. Harper preparing that?

Q. Okay. And under the manager paragraph, the last sentence reads "Eileen volunteered for extra responsibility within the Suspicious Order Monitoring Program in fiscal year '10, enhancements to the system and expansion of Eileen's role will be accomplished in fiscal year '11." Do you see that?

Q. And so does that indicate that the -- whatever the upgrades were that were the subject of your goal for fiscal year '10 were not actually implemented in fiscal year '10, correct?

Q. Okay. Well, there's nothing either in your -- the employee end-of-year results/accomplishments or the manager end-of-year accomplishments that indicates that those upgrades were completed in 2010, correct?

Q. And the manager comments indicate that there will be enhancements and expansion of your role accomplished in fiscal year '11 -- 2011, correct?

Q. Do you recall what those enhancements to the system or expansion of your role were in 2011?

Q. Under the paragraph -- the employee feedback paragraph, at the very end there's reference to quarterly report to the DEA. Do you see that?

Q. What was that quarterly report?

Q. And so was that a report you were submitting in fiscal year 2010?

Q. Well, you make reference under your accomplishments to generation of a quarterly report to DEA, correct?

Q. And that quarterly report would be the algorithm hit or peculiar order hit report that you testified to earlier today, correct?

Q. Do you know if any orders were identified as suspicious orders in fiscal year 2010 by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Can you recall at any time during your time at Mallinckrodt an order being reported to the DEA by Mallinckrodt as a suspicious order?

Q. When can you recall that?

Q. Do you recall any details about the order?

Q. Okay. And was this a single incident?

Q. Okay. As far as your own personal knowledge, you're only aware of the one, right?

Q. And in terms of have you heard of others at Mallinckrodt -- other than things you've had personal involvement with, have you heard of other orders that Mallinckrodt reported to DEA as suspicious orders?

Q. Okay.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 3 a two-page document bearing a Bates MNK-T1 000702654. Would you take a moment to look at those e-mails, please?

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. These refer to a midyear assessment done in April of 2011, correct?

Q. Was that a normal process at Mallinckrodt, that you would receive a midyear assessment of your performance?

Q. Okay. The e-mail from Ms. Harper on April 7th of 2011 indicates that you took the lead in auditing Cedardale distributor after the program identified that customer as distributing excessive amounts of oxycodone into the State of Florida, correct?

Q. And that you proofread and edited the three revised SOPs related to SOM, correct?

Q. Do you recall the Cedardale audit that's referred to?

Q. What can you recall about that audit?

Q. And what triggered that audit?

Q. Okay. And who was the security manager who performed that audit with you?

Q. And I take it that was an on-site audit of Cedardale's facility?

Q. Had you been to that facility previously?

Q. Had you had any interaction with the people at Cedardale prior to your audit?

Q. Was the audit scheduled, or did you just show up? How did it come to be?

Q. And how did you know what procedures to follow in conducting that audit?

Q. Okay. Well, let me back up. Had you conducted other audits of distributors prior to this one?

Q. Okay. And had you participated in any audits of distributors prior to this one?

Q. Okay. So how did you know what to do as part of the audit if you hadn't done one before or participated in an on-site audit?

Q. What does that mean, threshold quantities?

Q. Okay. Were there particular concerns regarding Cedardale that you wanted to be sure you addressed as part of this audit?

Q. Okay. And so what steps did you take to try to confirm that?

Q. Okay. Did you -- did they have a written SOM program that you reviewed?

Q. But they described to you what their SOM program was?

Q. And what can you recall the description?

Q. Okay. And so when you can recall DEA saying that the threshold quantity approach was not sufficient, did they give any indication of what additional components an SOM program should contain beyond threshold quantities?

Q. Okay. So when you conducted the audit at Cedardale, their SOM program as they described it to you simply consisted of this kind of threshold quantity limit that DEA had specifically said was inadequate, is that fair?

Q. Okay. And did you tell them that, that your understanding from DEA was that that was not an adequate?

Q. When you say "looking at a pharmacy holistically," what do you mean by that?

Q. In the audit you did of Cedardale, did you take any steps to identify who any specific customers of Cedardale were?

Q. I take it that the focus of the audit was this question of whether Cedardale was distributing excessive oxycodone to Florida, correct?

Q. Okay. At this time -- well, let me ask you, do you recall when the Cedardale audit was conducted?

Q. Okay. At that time did you have any information with respect to the identity of any of Cedardale's customers?

Q. Do you recall at any point seeing any reports of analysis of chargeback data that contained information with respect to the ultimate -- with respect to the customers of Mallinckrodt's customers in 2010 or 2011?

Q. Okay. Do you remember who those three customers were?

Q. Do you recall seeing a report at any time in 2010 that identified customers who ordered controlled substances from multiple Mallinckrodt distributors?

Q. Do you recall being aware of the existence of such a report?

Q. And do you know if that report regarding customers that ordered from multiple Mallinckrodt distributors, do you know if that was generated through an analysis of chargeback data?

Q. Do you know who Kate Mellencamp was, or Kate Neely? I think it was the same person.

Q. Okay. How about Ginger Collier?

Q. And who was she?

Q. Do you recall if Ms. Collier or Ms. Mellencamp had any role in developing this report on multiple orders from multiple distributors?

Q. Okay. And so when you conducted the audit at Cedardale, were you aware of whether any of Cedardale's customers had been identified as parties who ordered from multiple Mallinckrodt distributors?

Q. What was the what can you recall about the results of the Cedardale audit?

Q. Okay. And as a result, was Cedardale cut off from as a Mallinckrodt distributor?

Q. And do you know if Mallinckrodt ever resumed shipping to Cedardale after that?

Q. Do you know what the restrictions were?

Q. Exhibit 2 also indicates -- I'm sorry, 3, not 2, 3 indicates that you proofread and edited the three revised SOPs related to SOM. And again, this is April, 2011. Do you recall those three revised SOPs?

Q. Do you recall the subject matter of what was addressed in any of those -- by any of those revised SOPs?

Q. So the SOPs that apply to SOM, what are the subject matters that they cover?

Q. And when did these SOPs come into existence, as far as you know?

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 4 a multi-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0007730928. Appears to be an e-mail thread from 2013 between you and Ms. Harper. Would you take a moment to look at that, and tell me if you recognize it.

Q. Feel free to look at whatever you want, my only question is on the first page of that document.

Q. Do you recognize that document?

Q. Okay. On the first page, the e-mail from you to Ms. Harper, October of 2013, any reason to doubt that you sent this e-mail?

Q. Okay. Under "Suspicious Order Monitoring" in the middle of the page, do you see that?

Q. "Description. Support Legal Department Regulatory Compliance in the arena of interaction with the Drug Enforcement Administration by managing and coordinating enhancements with the SOM program." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall the enhancements to the SOM program that you managed or coordinated in this time frame?

Q. Okay. The next paragraph says "Ensure all orders placed on SOM hold are reviewed thoroughly and accurately to ensure SOM DEA Compliance." In this time frame in 2013, who was involved in the review of orders that were placed on SOM hold?

Q. And what department did she work in?

Q. So was she the person who would review an order that was placed on hold to determine whether the order would be released?

Q. And so in terms of your ensuring that orders were thoroughly and accurately reviewed, did you interact with her?

Q. Okay. But she had the ability to review and release an order without consulting with you, is that correct?

Q. The next paragraph under "Employee Evaluation" says "Fiscal year '13 has been a challenging year for the Hobart site from the Controlled Substances Compliance aspect." What can you recall that made fiscal year '13 a challenging year as you state in that sentence?

Q. Okay. And what aspects of the inspection were particularly intensive, as you can recall?

Q. Did that investigation extend to any aspects of the SOM program?

Q. In what regard can you recall them interacting with you with respect to SOM?

Q. Do you recall if DEA identified to you any shortcomings or criticisms of the SOM program?

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 5 a two-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000274080, an e-mail dated -- well, series of e-mails dated May of 2008. Would you take a moment to look at those e-mails, please?

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. The May 12th e-mail from Ms. Harper indicates that she's gathered a group consisting of a few persons that she identifies to review the suspicious order monitoring program with the goal of making it more robust in light of DEA activity, and she asks if you would be willing to review a draft procedure and serve on the team as a Hobart advisor. Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall her making that request to you in 2008?

Q. All right. And then you respond "Absolutely - currently at DEA conference," correct?

Q. And no reason to doubt that you sent that e-mail, correct?

Q. Okay. In Ms. Harper's e-mail under the dashed lines there are -- as an aside, she mentions in a conference she attended "among the agenda items was Suspicious Order Monitoring." Do you see that?

Q. And "Other suggestions included," she states, "On-site visits for all controlled substance customers; Close scrutiny of small, independent pharmacies; Close scrutiny of pain management clinics." Are any of those three steps anything that you can recall being implemented at Mallinckrodt in this time frame in 2008?

Q. Do you recall when any of those steps were implemented at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. In Ms. Harper's e-mail to you, she identifies a goal of making the SOM program more robust. Do you recall what the SOM program consisted of in May of 2008?

Q. Do you have a general recollection?

Q. And do you recall what the components of the algorithm were at this point?

Q. Would that be the sort of threshold metric that you understood the DEA said was inadequate?

Q. So was it your understanding in 2008 that the SOM program that was in place at Mallinckrodt complied with DEA requirements?

Q. Did there come a time when you had an understanding that the SOM program in place at Mallinckrodt did not comply with DEA requirements?

Q. Exhibit 6 is a lengthy document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0005187729. It's an e-mail attaching a PowerPoint presentation, the first page of which contains your name. It's a lengthy document, I can direct you to a few pages that I have some questions for you on rather than have you review the entire document. But certainly feel free to look at any part of it that you need to to answer any of my questions. Do you recall what the purpose of this document was?

Q. What was it?

Q. Okay. And just for the record, the cover e-mail is dated January of 2011, correct?

Q. And did you prepare the portion of the presentation that's the slides that are behind your name?

Q. Okay. If you turn to the page -- unfortunately these are not numbered. Let me just count pages for you, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, the eighth page in, there's "Statistics on National Drug Abuse Trends." Do you see that?

Q. Well, it's immediately behind the slide that says "Security & Controlled Substance Compliance."

Q. So there's "Statistics on National Drug Abuse Trends," and the following slide is "Abuse Trends." Why was it important to give this information to new hires in their training?

Q. Okay. And so the page -- the slide, I think, the next one after the one you're on, there you go, "Abuse Trends," identifies certain statistical items such as "estimated 48 million people have used prescription drugs for non-medical reasons in their lifetimes." These abuse trends were something that Mallinckrodt tracked at the time, correct?

Q. Okay. The following slide, "DEA reiterates responsibilities." Do you see that one?

Q. And on this slide you make reference to certain statements made by DEA in correspondence to Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Are these items of correspondence the -- two of the items you referred to earlier today in your testimony, letters from DEA?

Q. Okay. The one on the right from Mr. Rannazzisi?

Q. The following slide "Recent DEA Actions Involving Distributors" which talks about actions involving AmerisourceBergen, Cardinal, and McKesson, why was it important to provide that information to new hires?

Q. And then the following several slides involve specific examples, Masters Pharmaceutical, Rite Aid Issues, CATS Fines. Why was it important to provide that information to new hires?

Q. All right. You can put that aside.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 7 a multi-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000448773. It's entitled "oxycodone Extended Release Risk Map Action Plan." Let's take a look at that document, and tell me if you recognize it.

Q. You don't recall ever seeing this before?

Q. Are you familiar with the -- with Mallinckrodt having a risk map action plan with respect to various products?

Q. Okay. And do you know which products require those programs?

Q. And do you know why oxycodone requires

Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt had any other -- Mallinckrodt manufactured any other opioid other than oxycodone that required a risk map action plan?

Q. Did you have any involvement in the preparation of the Oxycodone ER risk map action plan?

Q. Okay. If you turn to Page 3 of the document ending in Bates 775, under "Supply Chain & Security," you see your name appears on several of the entries. Do you see that?

Q. So one entry, "Provide notification to DEA of any confirmed diversion," and you're one of the persons responsible there, correct?

Q. Do you ever recall that occurring, that you provided notification to DEA of any confirmed diversion?

Q. And do you recall ever providing a 106 form to DEA confirming diversion on oxycodone?

Q. Oxycodone ER, I'm sorry.

Q. Next item is "Notify Covidien management...of suspected diversion." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall ever doing that notification of Covidien management of suspected diversion of Oxycodone ER?

Q. On the next page, Page 4, the -- one, two, three -- fourth item down, "Photographs of drivers authorized to handle controlled substances are maintained on file at the distribution center." Is that something that was done at Hobart?

Q. Three items down from there, "Audit carrier records annually." Your name is listed. Is that something that you participated in?

Q. Do you recall an individual named John Gillies?

Q. What was his role?

Q. Currently?

Q. Okay. So to the extent Mr. Ratliff is identified as having responsibilities on this risk map action plan, currently those would be Mr. Gillies responsibilities?

Q. As far as you know.

Q. Okay. Do you interact with Mr. Gillies?

Q. In what capacities?

Q. Have you ever had any -- has Mr. Gillies ever expressed any dissatisfaction with your work product?

Q. Have you had any difficulties in interacting with Mr. Gillies over the years?

Q. Welcome back, Ms. Spaulding.

Q. Before our lunch break you had testified about the one suspicious order you could recall, which I think was a fentanyl order that went to a vet clinic, is that correct?

Q. Okay. You'd agree with me that if a vet clinic purchased opioids and then resold them to a human pain clinic or a human physician, that would be a potentially suspicious order, wouldn't it?

Q. So you're not aware of any situations in which Mallinckrodt opioids were purchased by

Q. And do you know if Mallinckrodt's records would include that information if it had, in fact, occurred?

Q. In any event, you've never heard of that happening?

Q. Just one last question on that one before you turn to that document. If you were aware of that happening, that a veterinary supply company purchasing from Mallinckrodt had resold to a medical clinic or dispensing physician, would you have investigated that as a potentially suspicious order?

Q. Okay. I've just handed you what we've marked as Exhibit 8, which is a single-page document bearing Bates MNK-Tl 0006443249, an e-mail thread from 2005. Take a look at that for a moment, if you would, and tell me if you recognize it.

Q. Do you recall those e-mails?

Q. Okay. Do you know who Mike Spears was?

Q. Who was he?

Q. And how about Laura Ashline?

Q. Okay. And Jim Walter?

Q. Okay. Your e-mail to Mr. Spears and Ms. Ashline says "At the request of the DEA they would like to know the timeline for release of Oxycodone ER products into the marketplace as MS Contin is extremely abused and they want to know when we are going to start producing from this facility." Do you recall DEA making that inquiry of you?

Q. Okay. Do you recall being aware in 2005 that MS Contin was extremely abused?

Q. Do you recall being aware in 2005 that Oxycodone ER would also have the potential to be abused?

Q. And Mallinckrodt began manufacturing Oxycodone IR shortly after this, isn't that correct?

Q. Well, in any strength.

Q. Okay. And Oxycodone IR also has the potential for abuse, correct?

Q. And were you aware of that back in 2005?

Q. Okay. All right. You can set that aside.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 9 a two-page e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000492214. Take a look at those e-mails, if you would, and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. And do you recognize these as e-mails from April of 2007 involving you and Ms. Harper as well as some others concerning a suspension of AmerisourceBergen by FDA -- by DEA?

Q. Do you recall that circumstance occurring?

Q. And AmerisourceBergen was a large customer of Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. And they, according to this press report, they were temporarily suspended as a result of shipping to certain pharmacies in Florida, correct?

Q. And this is dated in 2007. Were there any steps taken in 2007 in light of this suspension of AmerisourceBergen to evaluate whether any AmerisourceBergen orders from Mallinckrodt were suspicious?

Q. Was there an audit conducted of AmerisourceBergen?

Q. Were you aware of an audit being conducted of AmerisourceBergen at any time in the 2007 time frame?

Q. Or in 2008?

Q. Or 2009?

Q. Or 2010?

Q. Now, in your e-mail, the second one on the first page of the exhibit, you note that AmerisourceBergen had already been reinstated by the DEA. How did you know that?

Q. And Ms. Harper in her April 27th e-mail says "sometimes we are met with internal pushback and the attitude that we are 'such big players' that DEA would never suspend our license." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall Ms. Harper expressing that sentiment to you, that sometimes that that attitude was expressed at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And did you ever hear anyone express that attitude?

Q. And when you say "they" in that setting, who is the they?

Q. And pushback on whom?

Q. And what would the form of the pushback be?

Q. So one form of pushback that you're recalling is where you may have made a request for some sort of enhancement to security and that request was rejected?

Q. Do you remember any specific request in that regard?

Q. So the attitude that Ms. Harper is referring to is one that "we are 'such big players' that DEA would never suspend our license." If you were in compliance with DEA regulation and you were requesting an enhancement, how would that trigger a response in the nature of "we are 'such big players' that DEA would never suspend our license"?

Q. You don't recall any discussions with her on that point in this time frame?

Q. Did Ms. Harper ever express to you any frustration with the slow pace of enhancing the SOM program?

Q. It took quite a while from when you began working on enhancing the program until there actually was an enhanced program in place, wasn't it?

Q. More than three years?

Q. In terms of when you were first aware of there being work on enhancing the SOM program until the time when the enhanced program was actually implemented, that was more than three years, wasn't it?

Q. Were you personally frustrated with the pace at which the enhancement of the SOM program was taking place?

Q. And you don't recall Ms. Harper expressing any frustration in that regard?

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 10 a multi-page e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0001792949. Please take a moment to look at those e-mails, and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. I just have questions for you on the first page.

Q. In your e-mail on June 24th, you indicate "Patti is sharing with her group as well." Who is Patti?

Q. Okay. And what was her group?

Q. Okay. And Ms. Harper was forwarding you some press reports regarding oxycodone and OxyContin, correct?

Q. And what would be the reason for Patti sharing that information with her group?

Q. Fair to say that by mid 2008 you were aware of the potential for diversion and abuse of oxycodone, correct?

Q. And fair to say it was a matter of concern for Ms. Harper at that time?

Q. You don't recall her expressing to you at that time any concerns about the potential for diversion or abuse of oxycodone?

Q. When can you recall her first expressing any such concerns to you?

Q. You understood in 2008, didn't you, that as a DEA registrant Mallinckrodt had an obligation to design and implement a suspicious order monitoring program, correct?

Q. And you understood that a purpose of that program was to function as an anti-diversion mechanism, correct?

Q. Did you understand one of the purposes for suspicious order monitoring to deter diversion?

Q. And you understood in 2008 that as a DEA registrant Mallinckrodt also had the obligation to take steps to protect against diversion of the controlled substances that it manufactured?

Q. Did you have an understanding as to whether Mallinckrodt had any duties with respect to controlling against diversion with respect to its products after they left the manufacturing site?

Q. Did you not have an understanding, or did you understand that it did not have any such obligation?

Q. Okay. And when you say "downstream customers," you mean your customers' customers, correct?

Q. And when did you first -- when can you recall first beginning to conduct any inquiry into Mallinckrodt's customers' customers?

Q. And do you recall when that was?

Q. Do you recall what triggered that?

Q. Was the subject of conducting inquiry into your customers' customers something that was covered in any of the DEA-sponsored educational programs that you attended?

Q. Do you recall if at that time Mallinckrodt was taking steps to know its customer's customer?

Q. How about the Buzzeo conferences, do you recall that topic, knowing your customer's customer, being covered at any of those conferences?

Q. Do you recall that in 2008 there was an initiative at Mallinckrodt to enhance the SOM program?

Q. And do you recall what triggered that?

Q. How did you learn about that initiative?

Q. Enhancing the SOM program.

Q. And was one of the reasons for that initiative increased DEA scrutiny with respect to Mallinckrodt's distributors?

Q. Was one of the reasons any of the letters from Mr. Rannazzisi that you mentioned earlier today?

Q. But you don't recall?

Q. Do you recall in 2008 being aware that diversion of prescription opioids was being identified publicly as a significant health issue?

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 11 a two-page DEA letter beginning at Bates MNK-Tl 0000270069. Take a look at that, and tell me if you recognize that as one of the letters from Mr. Rannazzisi that you testified about earlier today.

Q. Do you recall seeing this letter in late 2007 or early 2008?

Q. And do you recall who provided it to you?

Q. Okay. Do you recall when you first saw this letter if this provided any information with respect to DEA regulation of which you were not aware until you read the letter?

Q. Okay. And excessive order reports were something that you had provided previously, correct?

Q. And did you stop doing that after receiving this letter?

Q. The second paragraph of the letter in the second line notes that manufacturers and distributors must maintain effective controls against diversion. Do you see that?

Q. You were aware of that before you received this letter, correct?

Q. A little later in that paragraph, about halfway through there's a sentence that says "The regulation clearly indicates that it is the sole responsibility of the registrant to design and operate such a system." Do you see that in that system to disclose suspicious orders?

Q. You were aware of that before you received the letter, correct?

Q. In the following paragraph, the second sentence says "Filing a monthly report of completed transactions does not meet the regulatory requirement to report suspicious orders." Were you aware of that before you received this letter?

Q. I'm sorry. The third paragraph, second sentence, "Filing a monthly report."

Q. Were you aware of what that sentence said before you received this letter?

Q. Two sentences later in that paragraph it says "Registrants must conduct an independent analysis of suspicious orders prior to completing a sale to determine whether the controlled substances are likely to be diverted from legitimate channels." Do you see that?

Q. Were you aware of that before receiving this letter?

Q. But in any event, you were aware of it after you read this letter, correct?

Q. Was it your understanding in late 2007, early 2008 that Mallinckrodt's procedures complied with that requirement, namely to conduct an independent analysis of suspicious orders before completing a sale to determine whether the controlled substances were likely to be diverted from legitimate channels?

Q. What did that independent analysis consist of in this time frame?

Q. It's not something you were involved in at this time?

Q. Do you know who at corporate was involved in that?

Q. The next paragraph says "The regulation specifically states that suspicious orders include orders of an unusual size, orders deviating substantially from a normal pattern, and orders of unusual frequency." Do you see that?

Q. Were you aware of that before you received this letter?

Q. On the second page, the first paragraph on that page says "Registrants that rely on rigid formulas to" determine "whether an order is suspicious may be failing to detect suspicious orders." Do you see that?

Q. Were you aware of that before receiving this letter?

Q. The following sentence says "For example, a system that identifies orders as suspicious only if the total amount of the controlled substance ordered during one month exceeds the amount ordered the previous month by

Q. Were you aware before receiving this letter that a system of the type described in that sentence is insufficient?

Q. Do you know if at this time Mallinckrodt's SOM program -- well, do you know if at the time of this letter the description that I just read from this letter would apply to Mallinckrodt's SOM program as it was followed in this time frame?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 11 a one-page document MNK-T1 0000496062, Suspicious Order Monitoring Team Charter.

Q. Updated 4/7/11. Take a look at that document, if you would, tell me if you recognize it.

Q. Do you recognize that document?

Q. Appears to be a team charter for the SOM team. You're listed on -- as a member of the steering committee. Do you see that?

Q. And is that consistent with your recollection that you were a member of the SOM steering committee at least as of April 7 of 2011?

Q. Do you recall when you became a member of the steering committee?

Q. When you were a member, do you recall -- are you still a member of the steering committee?

Q. And does the steering committee meet regularly?

Q. How frequently?

Q. Has that been the case at least since April of 2011?

Q. Does it maintain minutes of meetings?

Q. Any other formal documentation of its actions or deliberations?

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 13 a two-page document starting MNK-T1 0007026341. Please take a look at those pages, and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. And what are they?

Q. Okay. Your cover e-mail, which is dated in April of 2014 to Ms. Harper, says "I can recall having a suspicious order monitoring system in place of some type with the start of distribution activities from Hobart 2001, however the attached is the earliest SOM report that I have in my e-mail system." And the attachment is from December of 2003, correct?

Q. And this identifies four transactions. And I take it from your earlier answer these were identified as peculiar, correct?

Q. And is it the case that none of these were ultimately determined to be suspicious?

Q. And I think you've testified earlier the only order that you can recall being identified as suspicious was the fentanyl order to the vet clinic, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you recall why you sent this report to Ms. Harper in 2014?

Q. Now, in your cover e-mail you mention

Q. Okay. So you don't recall seeing a written policy prior to 2008?

Q. How did you come to know what the program was if it wasn't written?

Q. And what do you recall her training you on in that regard?

Q. And did she train you as to what characteristics of an order might raise concern?

Q. And so, for example, the orders identified as peculiar in the attachment to Exhibit 13, do you recall how you identified those orders as peculiar?

Q. Okay. So these orders were identified by application of the algorithm that you understand was in place at the time?

Q. But you don't know what the components of that algorithm were, correct?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 14 a single-page document, MNK-T1 0004282621. It's a 2007 e-mail from you to Sarah Heideman. First of all, who was Sarah Heideman?

Q. In the body of your e-mail -- first of all, no reason to doubt you sent this e-mail, correct?

Q. The body of your e-mail, you say "DEA requires us to report any 'suspicious orders'. IS programmed a report that takes last year's average YTD and comes up with a formula and anything outside of that formula shows on this report." Is that the algorithm that you're referring to?

Q. And you have -- you ask Ms. Heideman to take a look and let you know what she thinks. But you don't recall who Ms. Heideman was or why you sent her this e-mail?

Q. Okay. And you note in your e-mail, "It appears to me that Walmart is ordering double what was last years' YTD amount, more than the 20 percent market share increase." Your reference there to market share, what are you referring to?

Q. Or 20 percent market share increase?

Q. Okay. So you're comparing that increase to the increase in the size of their order, is that what you're saying in this sentence?

Q. And so would this -- is this e-mail an example of your looking at an order that had been identified as peculiar to determine whether it was suspicious?

Q. And you did that by providing this information to Ms. Heideman and asking her for some feedback on it?

Q. And do you recall if you ultimately concluded whether this order was suspicious or not?

Q. Okay.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 15 a two-page document beginning at MNK-T1 0000274399, an e-mail exchange involving you and Ms. Harper, "Re: Controlled Substance Suspicious Order Monitoring Team Update." Take a look at those e-mails, and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Okay. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. The second e-mail on the page from you to Ms. Harper dated June 17, do you see that?

Q. Any reason to doubt you sent that e-mail?

Q. Okay. You say to Ms. Harper, the first paragraph suggests on the customer checklist, "fill in what type of DEA registration so that we may be able to identify if a customer is ordering a suspicious amount against a specific registration type." What did you mean by that?

Q. Okay. And the customer checklist that you're referring to here, what was that?

Q. Was this part of the enhancement of the SOM?

Q. The last paragraph of your June 17th, or the last substantive paragraph says "With the new procedures, what kind of report will I send to the DEA? I realize that we will DEA report any order that is deemed suspicious by yours and Bill's group, but what if we go a quarter without a suspicious order?" Do you see that?

Q. So was your -- does that indicate that up until this time there was a regular quarterly report you were sending to the DEA?

Q. Okay. And so does that paragraph indicate that you were not going to be providing that report to the DEA anymore? Correct?

Q. And so what was the answer to the question that you posed in that paragraph?

Q. You can set that aside. Do you know who Bill Rausch was?

Q. Rausch.

Q. Jim Rausch, I'm sorry.

Q. Who was he?

Q. Did he have any involvement at any time that you can recall in the SOM process?

Q. Okay. And did he provide reports to the DEA from time to time that you know of?

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 16 a two-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0002940798. Please take a look at those and tell me if you can identify them.

Q. Do you recognize those documents?

Q. What are they?

Q. Okay. And these were -- what is reported on the report?

Q. I'm sorry. How does some -- how does an order -- what is it about an order that causes you to include it on this report?

Q. Okay. So these would be, again, peculiar orders under the Mallinckrodt terminology?

Q. Okay. And so did you report all peculiar orders on a quarterly basis to the DEA for some period of time?

Q. Clinic orders that had been identified as peculiar?

Q. As compared to what other types of orders?

Q. Okay. And what was the reason for that?

Q. Would it have been someone other than Ms. Harper?

Q. Okay. And you don't remember -- you weren't given a reason for that, I take it?

Q. So in Exhibit 15, that was an e-mail in 2008 in which you posed the question about what kind of report will you be sending to the DEA going forward. Do you see that?

Q. In 2010, judging from Exhibit 16, in 2010 you were still providing some sort of quarterly report to the DEA, correct?

Q. Okay. So your 2010 e-mail is attaching a 2008 report?

Q. Okay. So the attachment to Exhibit 16 is the final report that you sent to the DEA, the final quarterly report?

Q. Okay. And so after the report that's attached to Exhibit 16, what, if any, report did you provide to the DEA with respect to orders that were identified as peculiar but were not identified as suspicious?

Q. Well, after the report that is attached to Exhibit 16.

Q. And that was in 2012?

Q. Okay. And do you continue -- is that procedure still in place?

Q. Okay. So from the attachment to Exhibit 16, after that report and prior to the time when you in 2012 began the twice daily unusual order report to the DEA, was there any other reporting to the DEA other than if a report was -- if an order was determined to be suspicious?

Q. Okay. But as far as reports that you're aware of, you're not aware of any during that time period?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 17 a multi-page e-mail thread, MNK-T1 0005663239 is the beginning. Take a moment to look at those. My questions are principally about your March 5, 2012 e-mail that begins the thread.

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. Turning to your March 5, 2012 e-mail, which is on the third page, any reason to doubt you sent that e-mail?

Q. Okay. So this is an e-mail that you send to a number of persons regarding an order from Quest Pharmaceuticals, correct?

Q. And you indicate "I am unsure of the Product Manager for Hydrocodone and the NAM for Quest," correct?

Q. And that's the reason you sent it to all those parties, right?

Q. Okay. Was there a -- well, strike that. So the order from Quest had been identified as a peculiar order, is that fair?

Q. Peculiar or unusual?

Q. Meaning that it triggered the -- whatever the algorithm was in place at the time, this triggered it?

Q. Okay. And you indicate that the "items are double and in some cases triple the quantity previously ordered." Would your procedure at this time in 2012 have been to inquire of the product manager or the NAM to get further information with respect to an order that triggered the algorithm?

Q. Okay. And here you weren't sure who those individuals were, correct?

Q. Did you have any program in place to be made aware of who the project manager -- product manager and NAMs were for particular products or customers?

Q. Okay. And so when you had a peculiar or unusual order, was it your practice to inquire of both the product manager and the national account manager?

Q. Okay. Did you ever have any difficulty in receiving responses either from product managers or national account managers with respect to inquiries that you made regarding peculiar orders?

Q. Did you ever make inquiry of the customer service department to gain further information with respect to orders that had been identified as peculiar?

Q. And who did you make inquiry of in the customer service department?

Q. Okay. So in this example on March 5th of 2012, are you making inquiry here of customer service?

Q. And why not?

Q. Okay. Do you know who Cathy Stewart was?

Q. Who was she?

Q. Did you interact with her from time to time?

Q. And she had customer service reps who reported to her, correct?

Q. And your March 5, 2012 e-mail, one of the persons that you address it to is Victor Borelli, correct?

Q. And did you deal with Mr. Borelli from time to time?

Q. Did Ms. Stewart ever express to you, that you can recall, that one or more of the customer service reps who reported to her had expressed the view that Mr. Borelli would tell them anything to get a sale?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 18 a two-page e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000280632. Take a moment to look at those e-mails, if you would.

Q. And do you recall this e-mail exchange?

Q. Okay. What do you recall of that?

Q. Okay. In Ms. Harper's e-mail, she -- the first e-mail, October 31, "In an effort to provide you with as much information as possible, I have attached a chronology of events relating to Mallinckrodt Suspicious Order Monitoring." Do you see that?

Q. Let me hand you what we've marked as Exhibit 19, and you can tell me if that's the attachment.

Q. Exhibit 19 is a multi-page document beginning at page MNK-T1 0000477900. Can you tell me if that's the chronology that Ms. Harper is referring to?

Q. Okay. And you're familiar with that chronology, right?

Q. Okay. Did you have occasion ever to provide this chronology to DEA?

Q. Okay. And in Ms. Harper's October 31 e-mail, she says "during the last two years, all Peculiar Orders...were deemed to be okay and none rose to the level of Peculiar." Do you know if she meant there that none rose to the level of suspicious?

Q. Okay. And that's consistent with your recollection you've already testified to in terms of orders being identified as suspicious, correct?

Q. She gross on to say "It is significant to note that neither Sunrise or Harvard triggered the algorithms that were in place for direct customers because we were looking at overall purchase trends for each distributor, not reviewing where the distributors were sending our product ." And is that the phenomenon you testified about earlier today, looking at ship to rather than bill to?

Q. Okay. In what way is this different?

Q. Okay. And she indicates in the last sentence of that paragraph that the program has now been expanded in October of 2010 to look at customers' customers, correct?

Q. Okay. And was that your recollection as well, that in late 2010 the SOM program was expanded to include a review of Mallinckrodt's customers' customers?

Q. You don't otherwise recall that?

Q. Can you recall at any time in connection with suspicious order monitoring you personally reviewing information regarding Mallinckrodt's customers' customers?

Q. And that would have given you information about Mallinckrodt's customers' customers, right?

Q. Okay.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 20 a two-page document beginning at Bates MNK-Tl 0002357150, appear to be notes from the 11/1/10 meeting at the DEA Albany office. Do you recognize those notes?

Q. And it indicates that you and Mr. Nikolaus attended the meeting, correct?

Q. And you recall the meeting, correct?

Q. Can you recall other similar meetings with the DEA Albany office?

Q. Well, back that up. Did you have regular meetings at the DEA's Albany office?

Q. Okay. So was this meeting requested by the DEA?

Q. And for what purpose?

Q. And what was the reason that you wanted to explain the SOM program to the DEA at this point?

Q. Under "General Feedback from DEA Albany," it states "The direct and indirect customer data was presented to DEA. DEA was alarmed by the data but not surprised." Do you see that?

Q. And were these your notes or Mr. Nikolaus's notes?

Q. Okay. So when you say they were alarmed by the data but not surprised, what do you mean? How did they express that?

Q. What was your reason for providing the direct and indirect customer data to the DEA at this time?

Q. And was this the first time that you began to look at the direct and indirect customer data?

Q. In this time frame?

Q. If you look at Exhibit 18, I believe Ms. Harper indicated in her e-mail dated October 31 that "the program was expanded within the last month to our customers' customers." So would that indicate that this is -- that the meeting occurred on November 1st, right, so would that indicate that at this time this was when you first began looking at the indirect customer data?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 21 is a single-page e-mail thread MNK-T1 0000270021. Take a look at that e-mail, appears to be an e-mail from you to Heather White, and tell me if you recognize it.

Q. Do you recognize that e-mail?

Q. And Heather White was at the DEA, correct?

Q. And what was your reason for providing the information in your November 30th e-mail to Ms. White?

Q. And you talk about three distributors, Masters, KeySource, Cedardale. I think you indicated earlier in your testimony today that those are three distributors that were audited in approximately this time frame, correct?

Q. And ultimately all of those distributors had their DEA licenses terminated, didn't they?

Q. At least suspended?

Q. Do you recall -- you testified a little earlier today regarding the Cedardale audit. Do you recall if at the time of the Cedardale audit you had any information regarding whether Cedardale had suspended sales to any of its existing customers?

Q. Would that information have been pertinent to your audit at that time?

Q. If Cedardale itself had determined that it would suspend certain of its customers.

Q. That would have been of interest to you?

Q. But you don't recall being aware of that as you sit here today?

Q. Do you recall if you made an inquiry in that regard as part of the audit?

Q. Okay.

Q. Exhibit 22 is a two-page e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0001519526. Take a moment and tell me if you recognize those e-mails.

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. The main e-mail, the August 6, 2012 e-mail from you to Heather White, "is a list of distributors that we have met with in person or by telephone to discuss SOM issues within the last twelve months." Do you recall having those personal or telephonic meetings with the listed distributors?

Q. And what would cause you to have a personal or telephonic meeting with a distributor regarding SOM issues?

Q. And what is it that would cause the team to decide that such an audit or teleconference was required?

Q. Of the parties listed in this e-mail, do you recall how any of these were personal meetings as compared to teleconferences?

Q. Ms. Spaulding, we've marked as Exhibit 23 a multi-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000289371. It's an e-mail along with an attachment. Please take a look at that and tell me if you recognize it. I guess it actually has a series of attachments, I should say.

Q. Do you recognize those documents?

Q. Okay. So your e-mail, your October 18th e-mail to Ms. Harper, any reason to doubt you sent that?

Q. And you make reference in your e-mail to "tried several different ways to make a report that we could use across sites to be consistent in our practices." Do you see that?

Q. So can you describe for me what you were trying to accomplish in this regard?

Q. Okay. And so what would be an example of something that's under that overall umbrella but was not indicative of the suspicious order?

Q. Okay. And then one of the attachments is -- it's called a DEA Suspicious Order Monitoring Report?

Q. And what is that document?

Q. Okay. And so this is not a DEA form, right? This is something you or Mallinckrodt created?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 24 is a multi-page document beginning at MNK-T1 0000282467, appears to be an e-mail you prepared attaching the notes of an HDMA conference that you attended. Could you take a look at that and confirm for me, if you can, that that's what the exhibit consists of?

Q. Okay. Do you recall this conference?

Q. Did you make a practice of keeping notes like these at each conference you went to and then memorializing them?

Q. Okay. And who would have asked you to do that?

Q. If you turn to the next-to-last page of the document, the one that ends in Bates 473 -- I guess actually starting at the bottom of the third-to-last page that begins at Bates 472, there's a reference to a presentation by a David Durkin regarding controlled substance monitoring, 2011 update. Do you see that?

Q. And the main bullet items, the third one on the following page is "Reviewed the 12/2007 DEA Letter to registrants." Do you see that?

Q. Sure.

Q. There's -- the second main bullet on the page that ends in 473 says "Reviewed the 12/2007 DEA Letter to registrants." Do you see that?

Q. And that's the letter from Mr. Rannazzisi that we looked at a little earlier today, correct?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 25 is a multi-page document bearing Bates MNK-T1 0000283244, appears to be an e-mail you prepared transmitting notes you took at a Buzzeo webinar in April of 2011. If you could take a look at that and confirm for me that that's what those materials are.

Q. Okay. Do you recall this particular webinar?

Q. The notes that you took here, did you have occasion to go over these with Ms. Harper or anyone else at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. On the second page of your notes up at the top where it says "SOM System Recommendations - Total SOM Solution," do you see that?

Q. The second item is "Determine legitimacy before shipping for each and every order." Do you see that?

Q. Did you understand at this time that an SOM program -- that part of an effective SOM program should be that before an order that was identified -- that was questioned in any way shipped, a determination needed to be made as to whether or not it was suspicious?

Q. Okay. Do you have an understanding as to whether in this time frame in 2011 Mallinckrodt had procedures in place to assure that orders that had been identified as peculiar or unusual would not be shipped until it was determined whether or not there would be -- they were suspicious?

Q. Do you know if there were ever occasions when an order that was identified as peculiar or unusual was shipped before the determination was made as to whether it was suspicious?

Q. Do you recall in 2010 there being a change to the algorithm whereby the comparison of an order to the prior year's ordering pattern was changed from whether it was more than two times the average to whether it was more than three times the average?

Q. Okay. But you do remember that 2X to 3X change being made at some point?

Q. Do you remember what the reason was for that change?

Q. Were you involved in the decision to make that change?

Q. Do you remember who suggested the change?

Q. And you don't remember any of the reasons that were offered in support of it?

Q. Exhibit 26 is a two-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000288483, appears to be a letter from you to Heather White at the DEA. And take a look and tell me if you can confirm that that's a letter that you sent on or about November 1 of 2010.

Q. Okay. And this is notifying Ms. White of the inclusion in the SOM program of review of chargeback data, correct?

Q. And do you recall, after the chargeback data review was included as part of the SOM program, were there orders that were identified as peculiar or unusual solely as a result of the chargeback review?

Q. Right. But you were, as of November, 2010, you were reviewing chargeback data as part of the SOM process, correct?

Q. And so my question is, once you started reviewing the chargeback data, did that result in the identification of any orders as peculiar or unusual or suspicious under the SOM program?

Q. And so how was the chargeback data used as part of the SOM program from and after November of 2010?

Q. And how would you identify as part of the chargeback review the potential for that downstream customer to pose a risk?

Q. So is it fair to say Mallinckrodt itself would not take any action directly with respect to this indirect customer, but would instead provide information to Mallinckrodt's direct customer?

Q. Okay. So the pharmacy would -- it could continue to buy from a Mallinckrodt distributor, but it could not apply for a chargeback?

Q. So the chargebacks, were they applied for by the pharmacies or by the distributor?

Q. So it would have been possible for Mallinckrodt to inform the distributor that sales should not be made to that pharmacy, as compared to stating that Mallinckrodt would not pay chargebacks to that -- related to that pharmacy, correct?

Q. So if you knew that a distributor, for example, was selling to a non-registrant, you could tell the distributor, you need to stop doing that or we can't sell to you anymore, correct?

Q. And so if you knew that a distributor was selling to a pharmacy as to which there was sufficient red flags to where Mallinckrodt decided that it would no longer pay chargebacks with respect to that pharmacy, Mallinckrodt could have notified the distributor that if the distributor continued to sell to that pharmacy Mallinckrodt wouldn't sell to the distributor anymore?

Q. Right?

Q. And that's true, though, if you say we're not going to honor chargebacks, that pharmacy can continue to buy Mallinckrodt products even through that distributor, just not going to -- the chargeback won't be honored, correct?

Q. Was the result of any chargeback data review ever provided to the DEA?

Q. Yes. So you engaged in -- from November, 2010 forward you were reviewing chargeback data as part of an evaluation as to whether there were red flags with respect to some indirect -- with respect to indirect customers, correct?

Q. Okay. And was there any follow-up from DEA that you can recall when there was any such notification given?

Q. What was the nature of the notification? What did you tell DEA?

Q. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 27 is a multi-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000422189. It's an e-mail thread from late 2010 into January of 2011. Take a moment and tell me if you recognize those e-mails.

Q. Do you recognize these e-mails?

Q. Okay. So the earliest e-mails in the thread are an exchange between Ms. Harper and Carol Svejkosky --

Q. Thank you. S-V-E-J-K-O-S-K-Y, just like it sounds. -- in which Ms. Harper is requesting certain state concentration and customer sourcing data, correct?

Q. And is that data that ultimately you came to be supplied with regularly?

Q. Okay. And did that become part of the SOM program, reviewing that data on a monthly basis?

Q. What was the state concentration report that Ms. Harper requests?

Q. And do you know what the reason was for conducting that review?

Q. Okay. All right. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 28 is a two-page e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000485790, e-mails from November of 2010. Take a moment and tell me if you recall these e-mails.

Q. Do you recognize these e-mails?

Q. Okay. If you look at Ms. White's e-mail at the bottom of the first page to you on November 18th, she says "I know the standard answer regarding lot numbers. Can you please tell me which distributors this was sent to and if you had any chargebacks for the product in the Fort Lauderdale area? We can get an Administrative Subpoena if you need one." Do you see that?

Q. So do you know what she meant by "the standard answer regarding lot numbers"?

Q. Okay. So if you look at the first e-mail in the thread from Thanh Churchin, "Susan, can you check on this lot number for me," giving a case number. "The lot number came from a trash pull that IRS did." Do you know what "lot number" means in this context?

Q. Okay. And what would be the reason for using that lot number?

Q. What information would that give you?

Q. Okay. And so turning back to Ms. White's e-mail where she says "I know the standard answer regarding lot numbers," was the standard answer that you would give that information if there was -- in response to a subpoena?

Q. Do you recall ever informing Ms. White or anyone else at the DEA that certain information they sought would be provided only in response to a subpoena?

Q. Okay. And so there would be times when you would give them verbal information, but if they wanted that information in writing you'd tell them they needed to issue a subpoena?

Q. You would not require a subpoena for that?

Q. Okay. And what's the reason for that?

Q. Well, there was certain information you would give DEA verbally, that if they asked for it in writing you'd require a subpoena, correct?

Q. Okay. So your November 18th e-mail to Karen Harper says "I can run a report on where we ship this lot number to. Does the chargeback system refer to lot numbers? If so" you can get

Q. Okay. And so the -- what information were you able to determine from reviewing a lot number?

Q. Exhibit 29 is a multi-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000561060, appears to be an e-mail exchange between you and Mr. Ratliff concerning a lot trace report. Take

Q. Okay. And so the first e-mail in the thread is from Mr. Ratliff, down at the bottom of the first page onto the second page, from Mr. Ratliff to you and Mr. Nikolaus, where he says "Oxy, lot," and gives a number, "is being transported from Florida to Eastern Tennessee in fairly significant quantities. They have original bottles and are currently looking for the source of loss in Florida. I will be receiving additional information soon." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall that e-mail?

Q. Okay. And then you respond to him on July 6th "Would you like me to run a lot trace report ASAP?"

Q. And he responds "Yes." You run the report. Is the attachment to the e-mail the report?

Q. And you say in your e-mail total quantity of bottles. You say "Lot beam for release." What does that mean?

Q. Okay. And then "Shipped from DC." What is DC?

Q. Okay. On the dates, "and entire lot is depleted. 8 customers in total, 1 in Florida." And then the eight customers are listed on the attachment, correct?

Q. And so the attachment, is this typical of the information that a lot trace report would give you?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 30 is a two-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000371673, and appears to be an e-mail exchange between you and Ms. Harper in June of 2010 concerning a DEA and local law enforcement inquiry. Tell me if you recognize those e-mails.

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. So in your June 17th e-mail to Ms. Harper, in the first paragraph you say that in recent months you "received several inquiries from both local law enforcement and DEA...ln the State of Florida and surrounding states regarding lot trace shipping histories." You go on a little later in the paragraph to say "In many of these inquiries, I noticed that Sunrise Wholesalers was one of our customers who had received the lot in question by the investigating officer. I did not always divulge that information unless requested specifically by the individual and never provided any information in writing as they were advised that they would need to send a subpoena to our legal department if they needed documentation of any kind." Do you see that?

Q. So what was your reason for not divulging that information to law enforcement unless specifically requested?

Q. But if you had -- if the law enforcement agent had specifically requested it, you would have divulged it over the phone, is that right?

Q. And is there any reason that you would require them to specifically request the information before you would help them with the investigation?

Q. Was it your intention to cooperate with law enforcement when you received inquiries of this nature?

Q. And did you feel that requiring them to specifically request the information before you would divulge it was cooperating to the best of your ability?

Q. You could have informed them of the information without the specific request, though, right?

Q. Did Ms. Harper -- we see her e-mail in response. Apart from her e-mail, did she ever communicate with you with respect to your practice of how to respond to law enforcement inquiries as you describe it in that first paragraph?

Q. Sure. You describe in your first paragraph of your June 17th e-mail how you handled inquiries from law enforcement, and this point of not divulging information unless specifically requested. Did Ms. Harper ever respond to you with respect to that practice to say either it was the right way to handle the inquiries or to suggest some other way to handle them?

Q. Okay. So -- and you can just answer this yes or no. Apart from conversations with legal counsel, did you ever have any conversations with Ms. Harper on this topic of how you responded to inquiries from law enforcement of the type you describe in this paragraph?

Q. And again, apart from conversations with counsel, did you have discussions with anyone else at Mallinckrodt with respect to how you responded to law enforcement inquiries as you describe in this paragraph?

Q. And who was that?

Q. And what can you recall of that conversation?

Q. Okay. And did Mr. Ratliff give you any feedback as far as that approach, either confirming it or suggesting a change?

Q. The practice that you described regarding when you would give information, when you would require a subpoena, was there a written policy in place at Mallinckrodt to that effect?

Q. And who gave you that verbal training?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 31 is a multi-page e-mail thread bearing Bates MNK-T1 0005424123. These are e-mails from July of 2011. There were several e-mails here. I have a couple of questions for you really on the first page.

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. What do you recall about them?

Q. Okay. And how was that error uncovered, do you recall?

Q. Okay. And who was Brenda Rehkop? R-E-H-K-O-P.

Q. Were you able to determine how it came to be that the product was shipped to Masters after they had been put on hold?

Q. So on the first page of the exhibit, your e-mail dated July 13, 2011, you say "I completely understand and will not disclose. It's impossible to manage so many accounts manually due to these circumstances that are beyond our control." What were you referring to there in terms of being impossible to manage so many accounts manually?

Q. When you say that the order fell through the cracks, were you able to ascertain who had authorized the shipment to be made?

Q. And who was that?

Q. And who was it?

Q. Were there any changes made to practices or policies to assure that this sort of mistake wouldn't happen in the future?

Q. What were they?

Q. Do you recall in any of the DEA-sponsored seminars or Buzzeo programs that you attended discussions regarding the involvement of either customer service personnel or sales personnel in the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Okay. And do you recall any similar observation you made with respect to involvement of sales personnel in SOM?

Q. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 32 is a two-page e-mail thread with the numbers MNK-T1 0000282686, e-mails from March of 2011 concerning suspicious order monitoring. Tell me if you recognize those e-mails.

Q. So the earliest e-mail in the thread is from a David Picciano to Karen Harper. And do you know who Mr. Picciano know was?

Q. Who was he?

Q. Okay. And he says this in his e-mail, "Cedardale Distributors...is willing to comply with Covidien's request that we refrain from selling Mallinckrodt's 15-milligram and 30-milligram oxycodone tablets to the Florida based pharmacies listed on Attachment 1," correct?

Q. So had Mallinckrodt requested of Cedardale that Cedardale refrain from selling to specific identified pharmacies?

Q. Okay. You don't independently recall that?

Q. Do you recall there being other situations in which Mallinckrodt made requests of its distributors not to sell to particular indirect customers?

Q. And then Mr. Picciano goes on to provide information regarding Cedardale's SOM program, correct?

Q. And this appears to be before you conducted the on-site audit, correct?

Q. And in your March 23rd e-mail to Ms. Harper, you say you reviewed the attached documents, "continue to believe Cedardale needs more work around their SOM program." So was your e-mail prior to the on-site audit?

Q. Okay. So the SOPs are -- is that what's referenced in are you making reference to what's in the November 15th e-mail?

Q. I see. Okay. And at that point you concluded that their SOM program was still insufficient, correct?

Q. All right. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 33 is a one-page document, MNK-T1 0000290887, additional e-mails relating to the Cedardale audit, and these are in January of 2011.

Q. Exhibit 34 is a one-page e-mail thread, MNK-T1 0003044340. Take a moment to look at those e-mails, if you would, and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. Who is Kenneth Yamashita?

Q. Okay. In your June 20th e-mail you say "I briefed Clay on the situation on your absence." Who was Clay?

Q. The last sentence of that paragraph says "We have been asked to provide information on our Suspicious Order Monitoring Program and how it relates to quota and ties in with St. Louis plant manufacturing quota." What was that information? How did the SOM program relate to quota and tie in with the St. Louis plant manufacturing quota?

Q. Okay. So how did the suspicious order monitoring program relate to that?

Q. Okay. I'm just -- since this is your e-mail, I'm just wondering when you said "provide information on the SOM and how it relates to quota," was there information that comes to your mind as being -- that you provided in response to that request?

Q. Okay. So Mr. Yamashita then responds to you "Great. Thanks for the update. Did you get the impression now that if our quota justification and suspicious order monitoring program is good, we will get the quota or at least some portion?" Do you remember what your answer to that was?

Q. So Mr. Yamashita seems to be at least questioning whether -- or inquiring into whether the quality of the suspicious order monitoring program could have an effect on the DEA's decision as to quota to grant, is that how you understand his e-mail?

Q. Okay. Was it your belief at this time, or has it been at any time, that the DEA would be more likely to grant a quota request if it were persuaded that the suspicious order monitoring program was of high quality?

Q. Okay.

Q. Exhibit 35 is a multi-page e-mail thread, MNK-T1 0000283719. These are e-mails from 2011 regarding quota requests. If you'd take a look at them for just a moment, please. My particular question is on the e-mail that's on the second page.

Q. Do you recognize these e-mails?

Q. Okay. So the e-mail at the bottom of the first page onto the second page, is that from Frank Sapienza?

Q. Yes, the one that starts "Hi Karen."

Q. Okay. And then on the second page, the material in the middle that starts with "One of our industry colleagues forwarded" --

Q. -- who is it that was sending that e-mail?

Q. Okay. And so this is information that Ms. Harper received from someone else in the industry in June of 2011, correct?

Q. Okay. And so in this -- on these eight points, the fifth point is "External review 3: The suspicious order monitoring group reviews and makes sure our material is not being used to complete suspicious orders." Do you have an understanding as to who the suspicious order monitoring group is that's referred to in that item?

Q. Do you know if it's a group at the DEA?

Q. Exhibit 36 is a two-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0006055924. It appears to be an e-mail exchange in August of 2012 concerning safety stock. Tell me if you recognize those e-mails, please.

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. There is -- the e-mail in the middle of the first page from you to Kevin Hewlett -- first of all, who is Kevin Hewlett?

Q. Okay. You make reference to a formula that was used in favor of the most recent several requests. Is the formula the formula that's in the attachment?

Q. And is this what you discussed -- you testified to, I think this morning, regarding quota formula?

Q. So this was the formula that was used back in 2012?

Q. Has the formula changed since that time?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 37 is a one-page e-mail, MNK-T1 0006056192. This appears to also be the quota formula. Could you take a look at that and confirm that for me?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 38 is a multi-page e-mail thread, MNK-T1 0005641401. Again, these are e-mails concerning quota. And my questions for you concern Ms. Johnson's e-mail at the bottom of the first page.

Q. She says "Yes, you have it straight. Part of the difference is the formulas are in AA and the quota analysis is in Salt." What does that mean, AA and salt in this context?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 39 is a two-page e-mail beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0007729523, appears to be an e-mail that you sent to Donald Lohman, L-O-H-M-A-N. Who is Mr. Lohman?

Q. Okay.

Q. Ms. Spaulding, if you'd take the redacted Exhibit 33 that you now have in front of you, I do have a couple questions for you on that. And this is Bates MNK-T1 0000290887. Take a look -- it's a one-page e-mail thread. Take a look at that, if you would, and tell me if you recognize it.

Q. And so your e-mail to Mr. Nikolaus on January 14 of 2011 indicates that you "just got off a Suspicious Order Monitoring Steering Committee conference call discussing the SOM audits. I sent Karen the preliminary report awaiting any comments from you. Basically the committee has decided to release Masters and KeySource to resume shipping Oxy 15-milligram and 30-milligram when we come out of backorder, but has determined based on our audit that Cedardale does not have a robust enough system in place to resume shipping C2s to them." Correct?

Q. Do you recall that decision by the committee?

Q. So you don't have an independent recollection of what the basis was for the decision to release Masters and KeySource at this point?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Exhibit 40 is a two-page document, MNK-T1 0006442504, appears to be an e-mail from you to Richard Nikolaus dated July 17th of 2008 attaching a letter to Denise Jordan at DEA. Take a moment and tell me if you recognize that e-mail and the attachment.

Q. Okay. So in your e-mail you say "Rich, Take a look when you get a chance and let me know what you think. I'm running out of BS to put in these letters, especially this one." And then the letter is to Denise Jordan at the DEA. Who was Denise Jordan?

Q. And so your letter is in response to an inquiry you received from her, is that right?

Q. Okay. So judging from your cover e-mail where you say "I'm running out of BS to put in these letters," was there something in the Denise Jordan letter that you were referring to in particular by that phrase?

Q. And is that because there had been a large number of incidents like that?

Q. So were there other communications -- when you say "to put in these letters," by "these letters" you mean letters to the DEA dealing with a loss incident?

Q. Okay. You can put that aside.

Q. Exhibit 41 is a copy of the Administrative Memorandum of Agreement between Mallinckrodt and the DEA from 2017. Take a look at that document, if you would. First tell me if you've seen it before.

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with it?

Q. When did you first become aware that the DEA was formally investigating Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Did you receive copies of subpoenas that were issued by DEA in 2011 and 2012?

Q. Okay. But you recall in 2013 becoming aware of the investigation?

Q. Okay. And what was it about that audit that made you become aware of the investigation?

Q. So in previous audits, approximately how many people would be there and for approximately how long?

Q. Okay. Did you provide any sworn testimony to DEA as part of your investigation?

Q. Okay. No affidavits, anything like that?

Q. Okay. You do recall receiving a subpoena from the DEA at some point, correct?

Q. Okay. And do you recall receiving a subpoena that you understood to be in connection with the DEA's investigation of Mallinckrodt?

Q. Were you aware of anyone else at Mallinckrodt giving a deposition or sworn statement to the DEA in connection with its investigation of Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you have any involvement in the discussions between Mallinckrodt and DEA that led up to the memorandum of agreement?

Q. What discussions were you involved in?

Q. What are the mass balance records?

Q. And the review that you participated in with the Albany DEA, what was the focus of that review?

Q. Did that review disclose any discrepancies?

Q. Did you review a draft of the administrative memorandum of agreement before it was signed?

Q. And what was the purpose of your review?

Q. Okay. On the first page of the administrative memorandum of agreement, there are a number of numbered paragraphs under "Background." Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall reviewing those paragraphs when you reviewed a draft of this document?

Q. And was there any inaccuracy in any of those paragraphs that you can recall from your review?

Q. In Paragraph 2 it indicates that "From January 1, 2008, through September 30, 2011, there was an epidemic increase in diversion of the controlled substance oxycodone, largely out of the State of Florida." Do you see that?

Q. Was that a circumstance you were aware of during the time period January 1 of '08 through September 30th of 2011?

Q. Paragraph 3 indicates that "The United States alleges that Mallinckrodt, a manufacturer and distributor of oxycodone, knew about the diversion and sold excessive amounts of the most highly abused forms of oxycodone, 30-milligram and 15-milligram tablets, placing them into a stream of commerce that would result in diversion." Did you believe that that allegation was accurate when you reviewed a draft of this document?

Q. What parts of it do you think were inaccurate?

Q. Okay. Paragraph 4 indicates that "Mallinckrodt had a responsibility to maintain effective controls against diversion, including

Q. Paragraph 5, the last sentence states "Furthermore, the United States alleges that Mallinckrodt never notified the DEA of the suspicious orders in violation of the CSA." Did you believe that statement was -- or that that allegation was accurate when you reviewed a draft of this document?

Q. If you'd turn to Paragraph 3 on Page 2 of the document, Paragraph 3 states that "With respect to its distribution of oxycodone and hydrocodone products, Mallinckrodt's alleged failure to distribute these controlled substances in a manner authorized by its registration and Mallinckrodt's alleged failure to operate an effective suspicious order monitoring system and to report suspicious orders to the DEA when discovered as required by and in violation of 21 CFR Section 1301.74 ." Did you believe that the allegations described in that sentence were accurate when you reviewed a draft of this document?

Q. You understand --

Q. You understood it was accurate that those allegations were made. My question is, did you believe that the underlying allegations were accurate?

Q. And in what regard did you believe they were not accurate?

Q. And under paragraph A, there's specific -- in the Roman Numeral numbered paragraphs, number "i. conduct adequate due diligence of its customers." Do you believe that Mallinckrodt did conduct adequate due diligence of its customers?

Q. And do you believe -- under Roman Numeral ii, do you believe that Mallinckrodt detected and reported to the DEA orders of unusual size and frequency?

Q. You understood that there was a regulatory obligation to report orders of unusual size and frequency, correct?

Q. The next paragraph, "detect and report to the DEA orders deviating substantially from normal patterns." Again, you understood that there was a regulatory requirement to detect and report such orders, correct?

Q. And do you believe Mallinckrodt did so?

Q. Paragraph iv, "use 'chargeback' information from its distributors to evaluate suspicious orders." Prior to October of 2010, Mallinckrodt did not use chargeback data as part of its SOM program, correct?

Q. And Roman Numeral v, "take sufficient action to prevent recurrence of diversion by downstream customers after receiving concrete information of diversion of Mallinckrodt product by those downstream customers." Do you believe that Mallinckrodt was under an obligation to take action to prevent recurrence of diversion in these circumstances?

Q. Paragraph B has a series of allegations regarding the Hobart facility, correct?

Q. And these are matters that you have some personal familiarity with, correct?

Q. And so paragraph "i. failure to take actual weights of controlled substances at all stages of the manufacturing process." Did you feel that was an accurate allegation?

Q. And what was done to rectify that situation going forward?

Q. Okay. Paragraph ii, Roman ii, "use of

Q. And what was done to rectify that going forward?

Q. Okay. And B related to "commingling of dust collector waste and assignment of dust losses." Did you feel that was an accurate allegation when it was made?

Q. What part of it did you think was not accurate?

Q. Do you know why the DEA alleged that lack of confirmation?

Q. How about Roman Number iv, "failure to check-weigh controlled substances received into the facility," was that an accurate allegation?

Q. What was done to rectify that?

Q. And Roman Numeral v, "failure to maintain accurate records of substances transferred from the manufacturing process to Mallinckrodt's analytical laboratories," did you think that was an accurate allegation?

Q. And what was done to rectify that?

Q. Okay. And Roman Numeral vi, "failure to include substances held in certain vaults/storage as part of the biannual inventory, and records provided for vaults containing discrepancies with respect to weight, missing substances, incorrect lots/batch numbers, and incorrect or incomplete drug names." Did you believe that was an accurate allegation when it was made?

Q. And what was done to rectify that?

Q. So the various allegations under paragraph B that you've indicated you believed were accurate allegations when they were made, were those circumstances that came into existence during 2013?

Q. Okay. Do you have any idea when they did start?

Q. And what caused them to be detected?

Q. And do you know what was different in the 2013 audit that gave rise to that detection that hadn't caused these circumstances to be detected previously?

Q. Okay. Paragraph 4 states it is not an admission of liability, however, Mallinckrodt agrees that at certain times certain aspects of Mallinckrodt's system to monitor and detect suspicious orders did not meet the standards outlined in letters from the DEA deputy administrator from September and December of 2006 and 2007 respectively. Do you see that?

Q. And do you believe that's true, that certain aspects of the SOM program in place at Mallinckrodt prior to January 1, 2012 did not meet standards outlined in those letters?

Q. Do you know why Mallinckrodt agreed that the SOM did not meet certain of those standards?

Q. Did you have any discussions with anyone at Mallinckrodt prior to the time this memorandum of agreement was executed with respect to that point?

Q. Did you ever receive any performance evaluation that -- well, strike that. In any of your performance evaluations that you received at Mallinckrodt, was the subject of the suspicious order monitoring program one of the items on which you were evaluated?

Q. And what evaluations did you receive in that regard?

Q. And who was it who performed your evaluations?

Q. Ms. Harper?

Q. You were familiar with the DEA letters from September of '06 and December of '07 that are referred to in Paragraph 4, correct?

Q. So if, in fact, aspects of Mallinckrodt's SOM program did not meet the standards outlined in those letters, that failure would have indicated, at least to some extent, a personal failure on your regard -- on your part with respect to the SOM program, right?

Q. Well, let me put it a little differently. During the period prior to January 1 of 2012, did you attempt to cause the SOM program at Mallinckrodt to be in compliance with the standards outlined in the DEA letters of September of '06 and December of '07?

Q. Okay. And so if, in fact, the program was not in compliance with those standards, then that would have meant that you failed to achieve your objective in that regard, correct?

Q. You disagree with whether the program met the standards, right?
