Witness:  Eric Hichman
Attorney: MR. Gastel
Source:   MNKOI0004570361.txt
============================================================

Q. Good morning, Mr. Hichman. Will you please state your full name for the record?

Q. And it's pronounced Hichman, not Hichman?

Q. I am going to probably struggle with that throughout the day, and I'll apologize now.

Q. I'm going to hand you a document that I will mark as Exhibit 1. That is the subpoena for this matter.

Q. Have you ever seen this document before, sir?

Q. And you understand that we are here today pursuant to this subpoena?

Q. And you are providing testimony in the case that is listed on this subpoena on Exhibit 1?

Q. And then I'm going to hand you a document that we will mark as Exhibit 2.

Q. And that is just the supplemental notice of today's deposition. You understand that we are here today to provide testimony in Staubus versus Purdue Pharmaceutical, et al., and specifically, as your role as the specialty sales representative for Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals?

Q. When did you first learn that you would have to sit for today's deposition?

Q. So the day you were served the subpoena?

Q. What did you do after receiving the subpoena?

Q. Well, did you call a lawyer after that?

Q. And how did you know -- and I don't want to know -- I don't want to know any conversations that you had with your lawyer. But how did you know to reach out to Mr. Goldstein?

Q. And again -- and Mr. Goldstein is correct. I -- again, I don't want to know anything that happened with your lawyers. I don't want to know anything that happened in a conversation with them. But it sounds like you had talked with Mr. Goldstein prior to receiving the subpoena?

Q. And again, I don't want to know anything about the conversation. But had you talked with an attorney of Mr. Goldstein's law firm prior to receiving this subpoena?

Q. Sure. And I believe that you had left the company in June of 2015; is that right?

Q. When did you learn that today's deposition would go forward today, for the date of today?

Q. And then what did you do to prepare for today's deposition? And again, I don't want to know anything that might have been said in a meeting with counsel. But -- but what did you do in preparation for today's deposition?

Q. And again, I don't want to know anything that happened in that conversation. But how long was it?

Q. And you are represented today at this deposition by Mr. Goldstein?

Q. Are you personally paying him?

Q. And you understand that Mr. Goldstein also represents Mallinckrodt in the litigation?

Q. Did you have to take time off of your current job to be here today?

Q. Did you tell your current employer that you were being here today?

Q. I see. So you are your own employer?

Q. Got it. During your seven-hour meeting yesterday, other than Mr. Goldstein, did anybody else attend that meeting?

Q. And that is the other counsel here today?

Q. But nobody from Mallinckrodt was there?

Q. Have you talked with anybody at Mallinckrodt in preparation for today's deposition?

Q. I will hand you a document that we will mark as Exhibit 3.

Q. You have been handed a copy of your Linkedln profile. Do you recognize this document, sir?

Q. Is this a copy of your Linkedln profile?

Q. Is the information on here truthful and accurate?

Q. Did you put this information into the Linkedln system?

Q. Do you keep your Linkedln profile updated?

Q. It says here that you are the senior national field consultant for the Beef Jerky Outlet Franchise?

Q. And when did you leave that position?

Q. January of 2019?

Q. I need a verbal confirmation, sir, "yes" or "no."

Q. And again, I'm not trying to be rude. It's just that our blessed court reporter over here struggles to take down the uh-huhs and the uh-uhs . And it also shows here that you are the owner of the Vista Retail Group?

Q. And it shows here that you started that position in November of 2014?

Q. And you are -- and that is the position that you hold today?

Q. Is that the only employment that you have today?

Q. What is the Vista Retail Group?

Q. And how many Beef Jerky Outlets do you operate through your Vista Retail Group?

Q. Where are the two current locations?

Q. Where is the third location going to be?

Q. And then it shows here, again, going on Exhibit 3, the next employment listed for you is your specialty sales representative employment with Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And it shows that you had worked in that position from September of 2011 through June of 2015. Is that correct to the best of your recollection?

Q. Sure. And that makes sense. And essentially, what you were doing for Covidien is what you were doing for Mallinckrodt; is that fair to say?

Q. And then at some point, they merged or were absorbed into Mallinckrodt, and you continued with the role, but you were then sort of employed at that point by Mallinckrodt instead of Covidien?

Q. And then, again, going back to your Linkedln profile, it shows that you were executive sales representative for GlaxoSmithKline through June of 2003 to September of 2011; is that correct?

Q. And is that the correct dates that you worked for GlaxoSmithKline?

Q. And then the next employment listed is Jus' Running; am I saying that correctly?

Q. Jus' Running. I guess I should have figured that out. Is that here in Asheville?

Q. And it's still in operation?

Q. I ran by it this morning, strangely enough.

Q. It looked like a great store. It was too early for it to be open when I went cruising by there about 5:30 this morning, but... You were the owner and president of that business?

Q. And then you sold it to join GlaxoSmithKline?

Q. Got it.

Q. Got it. What prompted you -- that seems like a pretty significant career change from going to a running store, to being a sales representative for a pharmaceutical company. What prompted that?

Q. And then when you were at GlaxoSmithKline, did you have an assigned territory?

Q. And was that territory in Nashville -- or I'm sorry -- in Asheville?

Q. Well, what was your assigned territory at GlaxoSmithKline?

Q. That was my next thing. At GlaxoSmithKline, were you assigned to a single product or did your product shift over time?

Q. At GlaxoSmithKline, were you involved at all in the sale of opioids?

Q. When you left Mallinckrodt, you haven't rejoined the pharmaceutical role; is that fair to say?

Q. I want to talk a little bit about your -- your time at Mallinckrodt, just from a very broad perspective. You joined the specialty -- the specialty sales department at Mallinckrodt; is that fair to say?

Q. What prompted your move from GlaxoSmithKline to Covidien?

Q. Who -- when you first started at Covidien, who did you report to?

Q. And how long was he supervisor, if you recall?

Q. And then who became your supervisor?

Q. And how long was your supervisor?

Q. And then who became your supervisor?

Q. How long was he your supervisor?

Q. And then who became your supervisor?

Q. I understand that. But it looks like you worked there for a little -- almost four years, and if I am doing my math correctly, you described about three years worth of supervisors.

Q. Were those your only three supervisors that you had --

Q. -- while you were there?

Q. And you said that when you were leaving GlaxoSmithKline, you met with your supervisor and talked about the job. Would that have been Todd Dean?

Q. When you first joined Covidien, what was the scope of your territory?

Q. Did it include parts of Tennessee?

Q. When did you first -- when do you recall first taking over territory in Tennessee?

Q. Sure. And -- but you would agree with me that at some point during your tenure at Covidien and Mallinckrodt, you were responsible for territory in Tennessee, correct?

Q. And that included principally territory in East Tennessee?

Q. How far west do you recall ever going for your work with Covidien and Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you have clients in Nashville?

Q. Did you call upon prescribers or writers in Cookeville, Tennessee?

Q. In Knoxville, Tennessee?

Q. In Johnson City, Tennessee?

Q. When you worked for Mallinckrodt, would you keep a journal of your day-to-day activities?

Q. Any type of written record of what you did that day?

Q. Personally written, typed in any shape, form or fashion.

Q. How would you keep track of how often you would call upon prescribers?

Q. So there was a computer system --

Q. -- where you would log your daily activity?

Q. And that would include every single prescriber that you contacted that day?

Q. Well, sure. But your general practice would have been to log into this computer system, your interactions with prescribers?

Q. When you would log into that computer system, would you -- would there be a way to note whether or not your interaction with the prescriber was in person or over the phone?

Q. Do you remember the name of the computer system?

Q. As you sit here today, can you recall the name of any doctor you specifically saw in Tennessee?

Q. Sure. And we will go through some documents later. During your time at Mallinckrodt, what other sales worked -- representatives for Mallinckrodt or Covidien also worked in Tennessee, if you recall?

Q. Can you recall any other sales representatives that you worked with?

Q. What were their names?

Q. When you worked for Covidien and Mallinckrodt, what were the -- what were the drugs that you were principally selling?

Q. Is it --

Q. Sure. But the three you listed, would you consider that to be the three primary drugs that you were responsible for?

Q. If you looked at your Linkedln profile, again, going back to -- to Exhibit 3.

Q. Is it safe to say that Exalgo and Xartemis are the only two drugs listed there?

Q. And you are -- you also list that you were the exclusive territory rep for the Asheville Western North Carolina area?

Q. And was that true?

Q. And then also in your Linkedln profile, you describe your experience as specialty division, primarily on pain specialists, orthopaedic and general surgeons and rheumatologists. Do you see that?

Q. And those were the principle types of physicians that you would call on, correct?

Q. Did you see in the news recently, that Mallinckrodt paid $24 million in a settlement reached to avoid going to trial in Ohio for its role in the opioid crisis?

Q. You didn't see that in the news?

Q. Would it surprise you to learn that that was the case?

Q. Do you personally know anyone addicted to opioids?

Q. Do you know anyone who abuses opioids?

Q. What is your understanding of the opioid problems in this country?

Q. This has been in the news recently a lot. Do you not follow the news on this particular issue?

Q. Do you not follow the news at all?

Q. Is there a reason why?

Q. When you were working at Covidien and Mallinckrodt, did you pay attention to the news about the opioid crisis in this country?

Q. Did you follow any news about opioid abuse when you were at Covidien or Mallinckrodt?

Q. Well, I mean, I didn't really bring any of them with me, but for about ten years, you could hardly go by -- a week go by where there wasn't a news article somewhere in this country about opioid abuse. You didn't read any of that while you were at Covidien or Mallinckrodt?

Q. Well, what do you believe -- well, do you believe that there is an opioid problem in this country?

Q. You don't have an opinion one way or the other?

Q. So you have no understanding about what opioid abuse is?

Q. Did you -- were you trained while you were at Covidien or Mallinckrodt about opioid abuse?

Q. And do you have an understanding at all of how opioids are diverted?

Q. Are you familiar with that term, opioid diversion?

Q. What is your understanding of the term?

Q. Are you famil- -- did you have one when you worked at Covidien and --

Q. -- Mallinckrodt?

Q. Are you familiar with the drug OxyContin?

Q. Do you believe that OxyContin is addictive?

Q. When you were working for Covidien and Mallinckrodt, did you ever look at opioid prescription rates in Tennessee?

Q. What --

Q. Those would be reports about the physicians that were in your -- or prescribers -- let me start over. Those would have been reports for prescribers in your territory as to what opioids they were prescribing?

Q. Did you ever do any research about the Tennessee Department of Health publications on the opioid crisis in Tennessee?

Q. Did you ever read any Tennessee Department of Health about opioid abuse in Tennessee?

Q. Have you ever read a Tennessee Department of Health report about opioid diversion in the state of Tennessee?

Q. That wasn't something that you were paying attention to when you were at Covidien and Mallinckrodt --

Q. -- selling opioids in Tennessee?

Q. That wasn't something that you were paying attention to when you worked for Covidien and Mallinckrodt while you were promoting opioids in the state of Tennessee?

Q. Did you ever have conversations with people at Mallinckrodt concerning opioid abuse in Tennessee?

Q. As you sit here today, do you recall any of those conversations?

Q. Did you ever receive special training on how to identify problematic opioid prescribers?

Q. As you sit here today, do you recall receiving such training?

Q. Well, you talked earlier about how you had received training on the drugs that you were promoting, correct?

Q. And that would be before you went out and talked to prescribers, you would take a training module of some sort to learn about the drug, right?

Q. Okay. And I understand that. And you did that for Exalgo?

Q. And you did that for Xartemis?

Q. And then did you go to Mallinckrodt home office to receive that training for Exalgo?

Q. And then were you at the home office for Xartemis training, too?

Q. Do you recall ever being told to treat prescribers in Tennessee in terms of promoting opioids differently than in other states within your territory?

Q. I probably have done this a couple of times, but I'll try not to ask repeated questions. But could you just describe for the record, as a specialty sales representative for Covidien and Mallinckrodt, what would you do on a daily basis?

Q. And then you would do that for the prescribers in the geographic area covered by your territory?

Q. So is it safe to say that Mallinckrodt directly promoted its branded opioids to prescribers in Tennessee?

Q. And that was part of what your role was, is to go into these doctors' offices and directly promote Mallinckrodt's branded opioids, right?

Q. And to deliver those messages that you were just talking about, correct?

Q. How would you decide with regard to the branded opioids that you promoted on behalf of Mallinckrodt, how did you decide which prescribers you would go call on?

Q. Did you ever ask where these target lists came from?

Q. Was it your understanding that it was a list of providers who were prescribing opioids?

Q. Who would give you your list?

Q. And then how did you physically receive it?

Q. And then would there be a list that you would get every day that said here are the eight to ten prescribers you need to call on today?

Q. It would be a target list for a given period of time, and you were supposed to direct your promotion activities to those people on that list for that given period of time?

Q. And is it safe to say that for the vast majority of the prescribers that you called upon, either in-person or on the phone, those were prescribers that were prescribing opioids to patients?

Q. Sure. And that is what opioids treat is -- it is meant to treat pain, correct?

Q. Well, what was the FDA approved use of Exalgo?

Q. Okay. Do you know what the FDA approved use of Xartemis was?

Q. Do you recall the FDA approved use of Pennsaid?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt target high volume opioid prescribers in Tennessee to decide which prescribers you were supposed to promote to?

Q. In your time as a specialty sales representative, did you use IMS Health data?

Q. Neither do I. But you would use that in part in your promotion activity for branded opioids?

Q. Well, they -- they could provide information on physicians prescribing opioids. Does that ring a bell?

Q. And you or Covidien and Mallinckrodt would follow the prescriptions written by the prescribers you were targeting, right?

Q. Well, Mallinckrodt, or maybe you would monitor those prescribers that you promoted to as to whether or not they were writing scripts for Exalgo, right?

Q. So you would get weekly e-mails?

Q. So you would get weekly e-mails as to the prescribers on your target list, the prescription sales for those prescribers?

Q. And that would include a list of how many opioid prescriptions they wrote, correct?

Q. But for the prescribers that you were promoting branded opioids for, you would get reports on their opioid prescriptions?

Q. And those would come by e-mail on a weekly basis?

Q. And then you would line up to see if your promotion activities followed with more scripts for branded opioids, right?

Q. That is part of your job as a speciality sales representative, right?

Q. Sure. Can you -- strike that. Describe to me every way in which you would have interacted with the prescriber in your promotion activities?

Q. So you would do in-person visits to prescribers, correct?

Q. I need a "yes" or "no."

Q. You would do phone calls?

Q. Got it.

Q. So if I am understanding your testimony correctly, you would do in-person visits to prescribers at their offices, correct?

Q. You would do lunches, correct?

Q. So you would bring lunch to the office, you wouldn't go somewhere for lunch?

Q. Would you do dinners?

Q. Okay. And then so we have the -- the in-person office visits, and we have the speaker events?

Q. Would you do webinars with prescribers?

Q. What is a speaker event?

Q. And dinner would be served at those events?

Q. Would they typically be at a hotel?

Q. And typically, there would be a doctor who is the speaker at these events?

Q. That is what I am getting at. There is a doctor there who is the speaker?

Q. And Covidien and Mallinckrodt would pay for that event, right?

Q. Including the food?

Q. At a typical speaker event, was there a number that you -- prescribers that you were trying to get to attend?

Q. During your in-person visits, would you leave material for prescribers?

Q. Would you leave like magnets?

Q. Would you leave promotional brochures for your products?

Q. Well, I want to --

Q. And again, I want to focus on your time at Covidien and Mallinckrodt. But as part of your in-person visit, are you saying that you never left material there?

Q. During a typical in-person visit, would you -- how long would your interaction with the prescriber last?

Q. Would you try to spend as much time with the prescriber as the prescriber would allow?

Q. Well, when you were planning out your day, and you say that your typical day was trying to call on eight to ten physicians, right?

Q. You wouldn't try to schedule your day with some understanding about how long you were going to be in with the prescriber?

Q. Okay. And I understand that. But what I'm trying to get at is, what were you -- what was your typical plan as to how much time you would try to spend with a prescriber?

Q. Well, what was it that you would have liked to have happened at your office visit?

Q. Would you also talk about how your or Covidien/Mallinckrodt's products were positioned with regard to other products?

Q. And that was a poorly worded question. But would you talk to -- and I want to stay in the branded opioid world. So when -- say you are going to a prescriber's office to talk about Exalgo, would you -- did you have occasion to also talk about other opioids that the prescriber could be prescribing, like Opana ER?

Q. You wouldn't try to give the prescriber an understanding about why Exalgo would be better for a patient than Opana ER, for example?

Q. You would agree with me that it's important to provide truthful and accurate information to prescribers about the drugs you were promoting, right?

Q. And Covidien and Mallinckrodt provided you the training that you would use to deliver those messages to those prescribers?

Q. Would you take with you a binder of information at a standard in-person office visit?

Q. And did you have specific sales aids for each product?

Q. So you would have -- you would have a sales aid for Exalgo?

Q. You would have a sales aid for Pennsaid?

Q. And you would have a sales aid for Xartemis?

Q. I understand that. Where did you -- and Covidien and Mallinckrodt provided you that information?

Q. Did you ever question the accuracy or the truthfulness of that material?

Q. Did a physician or prescriber ever raise concerns to you -- to you about the truthfulness or accuracy of that material?

Q. Did a prescriber ever raise concerns to you about the truthfulness of the material that you presented them?

Q. Well, I'm just trying to get away from the objection to form, which I assume is because it was a compound question. So I'll take them one at a time.

Q. Did a prescriber ever raise concerns to you about the truthfulness about the material that you presented to them?

Q. Did a prescriber ever raise concerns to you about the accuracy of the material you presented them?

Q. It was not your practice to do follow-up phone calls with prescribers after an in-person visit?

Q. When you were -- you talked earlier about training you received before you started promoting products. When you received your training on Exalgo, did you ever look at any of the documents published by the FDA or the CDER on Exalgo?

Q. What was your understanding of Exalgo's abuse deterrent properties?

Q. I'll hand you a document that we will mark as Exhibit 4.

Q. It will go back to the court reporter, and I'm sure you'll get a copy when you get the transcript.

Q. I just handed you a document from the Center For Drug Evaluation and Research. Are you familiar with CDER?

Q. This is the cross-discipline team leader review. And if you look on the page 2 of this document, you'll see that it's for Exalgo. Do you see in the introduction of the application it's for Exalgo?

Q. So you have never seen this document before?

Q. Will you flip to page 16 of this document, sir?

Q. About midway down this page, you'll see a paragraph that starts: "The general consensus of the committees was as follows." Do you see that?

Q. It says: In terms of abusability, Exalgo appears similar to OxyContin. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Were you aware that the CDER had concluded that the abusability of Exalgo appears similar to OxyContin when you were promoting Exalgo on behalf of Covidien and Mallinckrodt?

Q. And then it also goes on to state that: The committee felt that it has a high abuse -- has a high abuse potential. Did I read that correctly?

Q. It's in the next sentence beginning: There was no real consensus as to where Exalgo may lie along

Q. When you were promoting to doctors, do you recall informing doctors that Exalgo had a high abuse potential?

Q. In the training that you received for Exalgo, do you recall being trained that it had a high abuse potential?

Q. Flip to page 18.

Q. Page 18.

Q. At the bottom of the page, there are some bulleted items. If you go to one, two -- the third bulleted item. The beginning of it is blacked out, but it begins with "The human bite force is great." Do you see that?

Q. The sentence after that. Since crushing the tablet defeats the controlled release mechanism and results in immediate release characteristics, hydromorphone HCI ER tablets will increase the potential risks for overdose or abuse and those seeking to defeat the extended release system. Did I read that correctly?

Q. When you were receiving training on Exalgo, did you receive training that it had this characteristic that it could -- that the extended release mechanism could be easily defeated?

Q. Do you recall informing doctors of this fact?

Q. And I think that the record is clear on this, but when we were talking about in-person visits earlier and kind of how those worked, those would have included in-person visits to the prescribers that you visited in Tennessee, correct?

Q. There wasn't any difference between an in-person visit in Tennessee or North Carolina in terms of the protocol or your promotional activity?

Q. Flip to page 19.

Q. The end of the bulleted list there, the paragraph that beginning "According to CSS." Do you see that?

Q. According to CSS, taken together, these findings suggest that the expanded use of this product after marketing raises serious safety concerns and are likely to result in significant abuse and diversion that further impacts the public health and safety. Did I read that correctly?

Q. When you were receiving your trainina, on Exalgo, do you recall being told that it had significant -- that the -- that CDER had concluded that Exalgo had significant abuse and diversion characteristics?

Q. And that that could further impact public health and safety, do you recall --

Q. -- seeing that?

Q. Do you recall ever informing doctors that the FDA and CDER had concluded this?

Q. When you were marketing -- I'm sorry -- when you were promoting branded opioids on behalf of Covidien and Mallinckrodt, do you recall receiving training on abuse deterrent characteristics of opioids?

Q. You don't recall that being an issue in this industry at that time?

Q. Well, do you recall it ever being an issue within this industry of trying to develop and promote opioids that had abuse deterrent characteristics?

Q. Did you ever receive training in terms of how to talk about or discuss abuse deterrent characteristics of Exalgo?

Q. I just handed you a document that we will mark as Exhibit 5. It is entitled Exalgo Learning System Module 3 Focus on Opioids. Do you see that, sir?

Q. Have you ever seen this document before?

Q. Do you --

Q. Sure. And do you see at the bottom, it says: For Internal Covidien Training Purposes Only?

Q. And this would -- we had talked earlier about some training modules, and you had acknowledged that you had at times done some training modules for some of the products that you were promoting on behalf of Covidien/Mallinckrodt, right?

Q. Will you turn to -- well, yeah. Will you turn to page 21, please, of this document.

Q. Well, let me back up. Turn to the -- I'm sorry. Turn to the Table of Contents, which I think is on the third page, although it doesn't have the page --

Q. Do you see the Table of Contents?

Q. And this is the Table of Contents for this training module, and it has three topics that are being covered. You had talked about training about disease states and product features. Is this the type of training -- or would this be a typical training module to educate sales representatives like yourself on disease states and characteristics of drugs in your promotional activity?

Q. Well, if you want to take a look at the entire document, feel free to take as much time as you want with it.

Q. Well, you had talked about how before you would go out into the field and promote products

Q. -- for Covidien and Mallinckrodt that you would get education on the product, its characteristics and the disease states that it was submit to treat, right?

Q. And so I'm just asking if this would be an example of how that information might have been conveyed to you as a member of the sales staff of Mallinckrodt/Covidien?

Q. So -- and it appears that this has a focus on opioids. Do you see that on the front page?

Q. So it would appear that this is an attempt to train staff on opioid characteristics, right?

Q. And Exalgo is an opioid, right?

Q. And Xartemis is an opioid, right?

Q. So flip to 21.

Q. The top of the page there is a single paragraph, but about halfway through that paragraph, there is a sentence that begins: "The development of tolerance." Do you see that?

Q. You don't see that?

Q. "Of tolerance."

Q. No. I'm sorry. In this paragraph right here , I'm trying to direct your attention to the paragraph -- or the sentence that begins: "The development of tolerance." Do you see that?

Q. I'm on page 21.

Q. Are you with me?

Q. And that sentence says -- or that rest of that paragraph says: The development of tolerance and physical dependence does not predict the risk of addiction. In fact, while most patients chronically taking opioids for medical reasons developed tolerance and physical dependence, the risk of addiction is low. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So that is what Mallinckrodt is training its salespeople about the risk of addiction for patients chronically taking opioids for medical reasons, right?

Q. And, well, was that your understanding that the risk of addiction is low when you were promoting opioids on behalf of Covidien and Mallinckrodt?

Q. You didn't have an understanding when you were promoting these products about their risk of addiction?

Q. Do you agree with this statement that appears here in this training module?

Q. The ones that we just read.

Q. Do you recall getting training like this on opioids prior to your promotion activity on behalf of Mallinckrodt or Covidien's branded opioids?

Q. And would part of that training be the addiction profile of that drug?

Q. So you've just been handed a document that we have marked as Exhibit 6. It carries a Bates stamp number of MNK TNSTA 08512764. And it's e-mail correspondence that you were on in February of 2012. My question to you is: Do you recall seeing this document?

Q. Do you see that your e-mail address of eric.hichman --

Q. @covidien.com is listed on the -- as a recipient of this e-mail?

Q. Do you have any reason to doubt that that is true?

Q. That is not true. I'm sorry. Yeah.

Q. You regularly used e-mail in 2012 as part of your business responsibilities, correct?

Q. So it's actually an e-mail chain here that begins with an e-mail from Kristy Woodworth . Do you see that?

Q. And it's dated February 28th, 2012, at almost 1 o'clock eastern time. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall who Krista Woodworth was?

Q. And the e-mail is sent to Todd Dean, correct? The first e-mail.

Q. And he was your supervisor at that time, right?

Q. And this was relatively early in your stint with Covidien, February of 2012?

Q. You had been there approximately four or five months?

Q. So I'm going to direct your attention down to the body of the e-mail from Krista Woodworth. Beginning in the first paragraph, she says -- the sentence beginning "Therefore," do you see that?

Q. Therefore, I did some research this morning and found out that your Tennessee territory is carrying most of this volume. She is -- regarding the volume for Exalgo. In light of the difficult managed care environment that exists in Tennessee, this is great news. Remember, Exalgo has been preferred on UHC/AARP Med D since May 1, 2011. This is a parity position to Opana ER with a potential Opana ER shortage and resulting confusion. Now is the time to capitalize on shifting business over to Exalgo. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Do you recall this incident in February of 2012, when Opana ER had a manufacturing facility issue and there was going to be a short-term shortage of Opana ER in the market?

Q. Do you -- let's go to the next paragraph. And it says: I'd create a little spreadsheet that shows the detail for each of your territories. This detail Rx -- this details Rxs through UHC/AARP Med D for only one month. One month. The potential is tremendous, double explanation point. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So my understanding of this is that she has taken data from -- she has taken prescription data, right? That is what the Rx means, right?

Q. So she has taken data from prescriptions written through this health plan, UHC/AARP Med D, for one month, right?

Q. And she is looking at that data and determining that if Opana ER is going to be having some problems in the short term, the Exalgo volume can be shifted over, and that that potential is tremendous. That is the way I interpret this e-mail. Is that the way you interpret that e-mail?

Q. Sure. And so Todd Dean gets this, and later on in the day, he forwards it to you. Do you see that?

Q. I need a verbal response.

Q. And he also forwards it to Chris Clark, right?

Q. Who you said was another sales representative who had at some point some territory in Tennessee, right?

Q. He forwards it to Teresa Crawford?

Q. And he forwarded it to you, right?

Q. And then he directs you -- well, he says: This is a tremendous opportunity. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And he's talking about the potential to sell opioids into Tennessee, right?

Q. And then he -- he directs you: Please read below and see the corresponding data. Right?

Q. If your supervisor, in February of 2012, directed you to read and see some corresponding data, do you think that you would have followed that directive?

Q. And then --

Q. And then do you remember during this time period, trying to capitalize on the Opana ER shortage in order to direct more promotional activity into the state of Tennessee?

Q. As a sales representative, does this at least refresh your recollection that Opana ER was a big competitor for Exalgo in terms of scripts at this time?

Q. Well, I understand that. But there has to be a reason why the sales team at Covidien and Mallinckrodt at this time were excited about this Opana ER issue, right?

Q. I mean, they are talking about it being a "tremendous opportunity," right?

Q. And that would be a tremendous opportunity to increase Covidien and Mallinckrodt's sales of opioids into Tennessee, that is the potential here, right?

Q. I understand that. But subject of the e-mail is "AARP potential is in Tennessee," three explanation points.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. They are talking about potential for sales in Tennessee of opioids, right?

Q. And again, going back to the underlining e-mail that talks about Opana ER, it seems like the opportunity here is because there is a problem with Opana ER at this time, right?

Q. It also talks about how the South Carolina district is ranked No. 2 in the country in terms of Opana ER/Exalgo volume, right?

Q. It says that?

Q. And so the South Carolina district was your district at the time, right?

Q. And then you, along with Chris Clark and Teresa Crawford and Eric Hichman --

Q. I told you I was going to struggle with that today. -- are presumably, the sales force at the time covering Tennessee, right?

Q. I mean, why else would Todd Dean send you this e-mail?

Q. So -- and then -- and then based on the data that Krista Woodworth pulled, based on her e-mail that she sent to you, she says: My next question was which of your specific territories are responsible for most of the volume, question mark. Right? And then she answers her own question: I did some research this morning and found out that your Tennessee territories carry most of this volume. Right?

Q. So here you are, Covidien and Mallinckrodt, February of 2012, recognizing that the South Carolina district is the No. 2 ranked in the country in terms of Opana ER and Exalgo volume according to this e-mail, right?

Q. And then with a little investigation, she quickly realizes that it's Tennessee that is driving that volume, right?

Q. And then she -- and then she forwards that to your boss, who then forwards it to you in order to capitalize on the tremendous opportunity, right?

Q. And -- would you describe what you were doing as selling opioids?

Q. Well, your counsel pretty much every single time I tell -- say the word "selling" is objecting to the form, and I assume he is objecting because he doesn't like me using the term "selling." And so I'm asking you, as a sales representative for Covidien and Mallinckrodt, internally, was it your understanding at the time that you worked there, that you were involved in the sale of opioids in Tennessee?

Q. And in fact, that is sort of consistent with Krista Woodworth's explanation here in this e-mail, again, if you look down to it. The last thing that she says: Please let me know if you have any questions, and happy selling, explanation point. Right?

Q. I read that correctly, right?

Q. So she is describing what is going on at Covidien and Mallinckrodt as "selling," right?

Q. And --

Q. And the purpose of promoting was to sell more of your product, right?

Q. Well, what is the other part?

Q. But you educate with the ultimate goal of increasing sales, right?

Q. Well, what would be the other reason to educate the physicians if it's not to increase sales of your product?

Q. No. That is not what I'm getting at. But I'm getting at the point that, you know, you got paid a salary, right?

Q. There is this robust sales force that is promoting Exalgo out in the -- in the medical world, right?

Q. And that has to be expensive for Covidien and Mallinckrodt, right?

Q. Sure. Would you get reimbursed for your travel miles?

Q. So there is a sales force. And was that consistent with other people in the sales force is that they also had cars and gas cards?

Q. And so there is this fleet of salespeople, with a fleet of cars and a fleet of gas cards driving all over the place promoting these products, right?

Q. And the purpose of that, at least in part, is to drive sales of the products being promoted, right?

Q. Is it the primary driver?

Q. Is there anything in this e-mail of February 2012 entitled "AARP Potential in Tennessee" that relates in any way to educating a physician?

Q. Well, it's not a long e-mail. You can read it. Is there anything in there that remotely relates --

Q. So this is an e-mail from April of 2013. It is sent to a lot of people, but I will represent to you that you are not one of them. And it carries a Bates stamp of MNK TNSTA 00263679. And it's an e-mail that begins with a lady by the name of Melissa Falcone. And just for clarification, sir, it actually does go over on the next page. This is actually a two-page e-mail.

Q. Do you know who Melissa Falcone is?

Q. And then there is a reply to Ms. Falcone's first e-mail from Susan Stanfill. Do you know who Susan Stanfill is?

Q. Do you see that she is -- in her -- in her e-mail signature she describes herself as "Sales Specialist, Riverside"?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Does that suggest to you that she was in sales?

Q. So in this e-mail from Susan Stanfill, it says: I had a couple of physicians ask me if I knew about this. The fortunate thing is most of the -- most of them assume Exalgo is almost tamper resistant. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Was that your impression when you worked at Covidien and Mallinckrodt, that most physicians assumed Exalgo was tamper resistant?

Q. I understand.

Q. But what I'm getting at is, do you have a recollection when you worked at Covidien and Mallinckrodt, you would go into these doctors' offices and talk to them about Exalgo, right?

Q. I understand that. But you would talk to them about Exalgo, right?

Q. And you don't recall whether or not during your time there, whether or not physicians relayed to you their assumption that Exalgo is almost tamper resistant?

Q. Do you recall your understanding of Exalgo's tamper resistant properties while you worked at Covidien and Mallinckrodt?

Q. So going back to the body of the e-mail from Melissa Falcone. Okay, the second page.

Q. And just to give you some context -- take as much time as you want for this document -- she is talking about some recent changes to the FDA regulatory landscape regarding OxyContin. Okay. And then here at the end of her e-mail, she has some marketing news; do you see that, "specific direction regarding this marketing news"?

Q. The very back, right here .

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And then she has some topics there. And then one of the topics is: If the physician specific also -- specifically if -- I'm sorry. Let me rephrase. The e-mail states: If the physician asks specifically if Exalgo is abuse deterrent. Do you see that?

Q. She then has two bulleted items: Ensure the physician understands that Exalgo cannot claim abuse/tamper resistance, but there are physical properties to the tablet which you should be aware. Okay. And then she goes on to describe this specific property. Do you see that?

Q. And she even gives a script. Do you see that?

Q. It's quote/unquote, and she says: Doctor, while we do not have an FDA approved labeling concerning abuse potential, you may be interested to know that Exalgo has a hard outer shell that is difficult to crush, and if crushed, it forms large particles. Also, it clumps when exposed to water when crushed. Of course, it is important to keep Exalgo out of the hands of inappropriate patients. However, let's discuss an appropriate patient for Exalgo like the Elaine patient. This is a patient you likely see multiple times a day who may benefit from true 24-hour dosing Exalgo provides. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And that is apparently, the script that Melissa Falcone is directing salespeople to use if the physician asks specifically about Exalgo's abuse deterrent properties, right?

Q. Did you ever use this script or a similar script to describe the abuse deterrent properties of Exalgo?

Q. Would the information that you would have used to describe the abuse deterrent properties of Exalgo be provided by somebody at the corporate office of Mallinckrodt/Covidien?

Q. And if they provided you this type of script, would you use that script?

Q. Sure. And so -- but you don't specifically recall being directed to use this type of script in your promotional activities in Tennessee or North Carolina?

Q. When you were working for Covidien and Mallinckrodt, did you have an understanding that Exalgo had a hard outer shell that is difficult to crush?

Q. And that if it crushed, it formed large particles?

Q. And that it clumped when exposed the water?

Q. Do you know if it does that?

Q. Do you recall ever having a conversation with a doctor about the addiction properties of opioids?

Q. Or it coming up in general.

Q. Do you ever recall telling a doctor that Exalgo had abuse deterrent properties?

Q. Do you ever recall ever discussing with a doctor the hard outer shell properties of Exalgo?

Q. If this type of information was on the product sheets, would you have discussed it with a doctor?

Q. Would you ever leave the product sheets in doctors' offices?

Q. As part of your --

Q. -- promotional activities, would you ever leave the products you brought in?

Q. But did it ever happen?

Q. But it wasn't your regular practice to leave the product sheet with the doctor?

Q. Do you ever recall directing a doctor to the Mallinckrodt or Covidien website?

Q. Would that have been something that you might have done?

Q. If a doctor had a question that you couldn't answer, what would you do?

Q. Do you recall anybody who worked in the medical liaison team during your time at Covidien/Mallinckrodt?

Q. Would that referral have been via e-mail, or would it have been you just leaving a business card with that person's information for the doctor to call?

Q. So you would try to make sure that the initiative was on Covidien and Mallinckrodt's part in order to ensure that the doctor didn't forget about it in the normal course of practice?

Q. In your seven hours of prep yesterday, did you go over documents?

Q. Do you recall going over any of the documents that we've reviewed here today?

Q. I hand you a document that we'll mark as Exhibit 8.

Q. So this is e-mail correspondence from March of 2013 between -- it begins with an e-mail from DJ Horton. Do you see that? I'm sorry. It actually begins with an e-mail from Chris Clark --

Q. -- to DJ Horton. Do you see that?

Q. It's at the very bottom.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. From Chris Clark to DJ Horton?

Q. Okay. And Mr. Horton, at some point, became your supervisor, correct?

Q. Okay. Well, do you remember who would have been your supervisor at the time of March 2013?

Q. And you say that because he is on this e-mail now?

Q. And he is carrying the signature block of North Carolina Senior District Manager?

Q. So -- it's right here in the middle of the page: Paul C. Jones, North Carolina Senior District Manager.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. So do you recall this e-mail?

Q. Is this an e-mail that you reviewed with counsel from yesterday?

Q. So this is an e-mail from -- Chris Clark begins it with a success story concerning a clinic in Knoxville. Do you see that?

Q. I wanted to pass along a hopeful success story. Do you see that?

Q. And then he describes a process where he was able to convert a heavy Oxy prescriber over to starting prescribing Exalgo, right?

Q. Yes. And then DJ Horton gets ahold of this and forwards it to Bill Nichols, Melissa Falcone and Paul Jones. Do you see that?

Q. I need a verbal response, sir.

Q. And he says: Bill, a great story below, from Chris Clark continued from the events that took place last week. Keep in mind, this is the largest pain clinic in Knoxville, and 80 percent of all OxyContin scripts in Knoxville County come out of this one clinic. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Did you know the clinic that they were talking about prior to this e-mail?

Q. Bearden Healthcare was not ever in your service territory?

Q. As you read that today, does it trouble you that there was a pain clinic in Knoxville that was, according to this e-mail, responsible for writing 80 percent of the OxyContin script in Knoxville?

Q. That doesn't concern you?

Q. Why not?

Q. Do you know if anybody associated with Bearden Healthcare has ever been federally indicted?

Q. And then Paul Jones takes this e-mail and forwards it to you about ten minutes after he receives it from Mr. Horton, right?

Q. And then he says: Wonder if the big pain clinic you have in Johnson City could learn for this. I think he probably means from this. Do you see that?

Q. And then you reply: I talked with Chris this morning before this e-mail. Sounds like a big glorified pill mill. What did you mean by that?

Q. And you described it as a pill mill. Did you mean that pejoratively?

Q. Mean it pejoratively?

Q. Did you mean it negatively?

Q. But "pill mill" is your word, right?

Q. And then you say: Hope Chris can turn it around. Did I read that correctly?

Q. What did you mean by that?

Q. So typically, when I hear the term "pill mill," it strikes me to be a place that might be writing a bunch of improper opioid prescriptions. In 2013, was that your understanding of a pill mill?

Q. Well, then, why would the office need to be quote/unquote turned around?

Q. Then you say: It could be a big win for him. Did I read that correctly?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. You don't think that it meant that it could be a big win for him in terms of being able to sell more branded Mallinckrodt/Covidien products to this clinic?

Q. Well, in a sales representative world, what would be a big win?

Q. It could be the fact that you could be having a lot of sales there, right?

Q. What else could it mean?

Q. How would Mr. Horton know that 80 percent of the OxyContin scripts in Knoxville came out of this clinic?

Q. And that prescription data was regularly used on the promotional side by the sales team to target doctors, right?

Q. And when you say "best spend" your day, it's because you want to be spending your time with doctors who are most likely to write scripts for Mallinckrodt and Covidien products, right?

Q. And that is what I am getting at. And I'm not trying -- it's not a trick question or anything. But part of using that prescription data was to locate the doctors who were most likely to write scripts for Mallinckrodt and Covidien products, right?

Q. There is a reference here to the big pain clinic in Johnson City, right?

Q. What is the big pain clinic in Johnson City?

Q. Is it Johnson City Pain Associates?

Q. I would assume that since Paul Jones, your supervisor at the time, directed you to use this with the Johnson City pain clinic, that at this time, at least parts of Tennessee were part of your sales territory, right?

Q. But Paul Jones, if you weren't in the Johnson City territory, he wouldn't direct you to use this with a Johnson City prescriber, right?

Q. So it's safe to assume that as of March of 2013, your territory covered parts of Tennessee?

Q. And then that would have included all of that promotional activity we talked about earlier, about the in-person visits?

Q. And the speaker programs, right?

Q. Other than Johnson City, what other territories in Tennessee do you recall covering during this period of time?

Q. Well, would it have been only Johnson City, or could you have possibly gone up and down the corridor there, the Tri-Cities area?

Q. But based on Chris Clark's e-mail, probably not Knoxville, since he was the one who apparently, was calling on this clinic in Knoxville --

Q. -- right? And would that have been like the southern boundary of your Tennessee territory?

Q. But you don't recall the western boundary?

Q. Sure. And that is kind of why I like to show you documents, because documents help us refresh recollections.

Q. This one clearly, you know, shows that you were recovering Johnson City in March of 2013. So I am just wondering if this has triggered something in your mind about what other territories in Tennessee you covered at that time?

Q. Going back to the Mr. -- this e-mail in front of you?

Q. The March 1st, 2013, e-mail from Mr. Horton to Ms. Falcone, who we established was somebody in the corporate office, right?

Q. Who is Bill Nichols?

Q. And you don't remember what division Mr. Horton worked in?

Q. So he was in the corporate office, too?

Q. Was that in St. Louis at that time?

Q. So beginning the paragraph here in this e-mail of March 1st, "The outcome was that the legal consultants." Do you see that?

Q. It says: The outcome was that the legal consultants gave specific directions to providers, quote, from this point on it's Exalgo and two rescues for your patients. Did I read that correctly?

Q. What does "two rescues" mean?

Q. Do you also see that after the breakfast, there was, quote/unquote, patients were lined up out the door when they were done?

Q. It's in the previous sentence to the one that I just read.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Does that cause you concern that patients were lined up out the door of the clinic --

Q. -- the pain clinic --

Q. -- that had an Oxy problem?

Q. Well --

Q. It says it in the e-mail.

Q. You just read it: Chris said the office was so engaged and interested in how to fix their Oxy problem.

Q. And --

Q. We are done where with that one. Will you confirm that says 8?

Q. This is an e-mail a little bit earlier in time than the e-mail that we were just discussing. It's an e-mail from Todd Dean to you, in November of 2012. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall this e-mail at all?

Q. So by November of 2012, how long had you been at Covidien or Mallinckrodt at that time?

Q. Well, if you go back to your Linkedln profile, it shows that you had started in September of '11. So you had been there about a year by November of '12, right?

Q. And the e-mail correspondence started with an e-mail from you to Mr. Dean, and it says: Hi, Todd, I'm sorry for the delay. I had a long day trying to get connected. Do you see that?

Q. And it says: My top accounts for Exalgo and what I plan on doing with them, colon. Do you see that?

Q. And it lists Carla Norman. Do you see that?

Q. And it talks about how you want to increase reach and frequency to twice per week and bring in national speaker in January. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Does that refresh your recollection that Carla Norma was one of your top Exalgo accounts in November of 2012?

Q. She was not just somebody in your territory, she was describing you -- by you in this e-mail as one of our top accounts, right?

Q. Right?

Q. And then it talks about how you want to go visit her twice per week?

Q. Do you know if that -- if you successfully did that during that time period?

Q. Skip down to Johnson City Pain Associates.

Q. Is this possibly the big Johnson City clinic that was referenced in the e-mail we were just looking at?

Q. And it says: Johnson City Pain Associates, seven of my top 15 Exalgo targets are in this practice. Will be in office every Wednesday for the rest of the year and will do one more lunch in office before the end of year. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So according to November of 2012, this e-mail, Johnson City Pain Associates was one of your top accounts for Exalgo and had seven of your 15 top Exalgo targets, right?

Q. Well, do you have any reason to deny that that is the status of affairs in November of 2012?

Q. And then you were trying to make sure that you could get in this practice every Wednesday for the rest of the year, right?

Q. And so those seven of the -- so those seven that are probably described here are those -- the ones that you wanted to see?

Q. And then was that -- were you living in -- in or around Asheville at that time?

Q. How long of a drive is it up to Johnson City from Asheville?

Q. And then would that be -- while you were up there, would you try to visit other pain clinics around Johnson City?

Q. I understand that. But that would include other pain clinics, right?

Q. Do you know how long you continued to visit this Johnson City Pain Associates every week?

Q. And then the e-mail closes with a response from Todd: Thanks, E. Congrats on the extra bonus dollars. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Do you remember what the extra bonus dollars was in reference to?

Q. Mr. Hichman, you have just been handed a document that we have marked as Exhibit 10. This is a document entitled "Advanced Training Prework Eric Hichman." Do you see that?

Q. Hichman. MNK TNSTA 08515855, do you recall this document?

Q. Do you have any reason to doubt that -- that it's some sort of prework for an advanced training session that you did?

Q. So see down on -- you see that there is 1, 2A, 2B, 3A?

Q. Mr. Hichman --

Q. -- Exhibit 10, you see it has some paragraphs with paragraph headings of 1, 2A, 2B, 3A?

Q. Go down to 3A. Are you there?

Q. My most -- I'm sorry. Most challenging account: Exalgo, Johnson City Pain Associates. They are a very large pain management group I just picked up January 1st due to a territory realignment. They make up approximately 25 percent of my volume. There are eight physicians and six PAs FNPs. The mid levels are not allowed to write a medicine that is not on the physician's approved list, and Exalgo is not on that list. Access is good with mid levels, but even during lunches. More difficult with the physicians. Recently had my first lunch and had good dialogue with mid levels but only was able to see a few physicians. Biggest pushback seems to be their belief that Exalgo is too easily abused and has a high street value because of this. I know this is going to take a while to convert this practice, but any advice would be helpful. Did I read that paragraph correctly?

Q. So let's unpack that a little bit. When you refer here to the mid levels, you are talking about the physicians assistants and the nurse practitioners, right?

Q. And those types of titles in certain circumstances can allow those people to write prescriptions, right?

Q. The clinic makes up 25 percent of your volume. What does that mean?

Q. Did that cause you concern that there was a single clinic responsible for the quarter of prescriptions in that territory?

Q. Why not?

Q. So there is a reference here also to this being reassigned to you on January 1st, due to a territory realignment. Right?

Q. So do you know when this would have been? Does this refresh your recollection as to when you might have been reassigned that territory?

Q. If you go back to the previous exhibit on Exhibit 9, you see -- that is the November of 2012 e-mail where you are talking about Johnson City Pain Associates having seven of your top 15 Exalgo targets?

Q. And wanting to spend every day for the rest of the year in that clinic, right?

Q. I'm sorry. Every Wednesday for the rest of the year. And that was in November of 2012. And this document now references that you took up this territory on January 1st. So does that suggest to you that you took over this territory on January 1st, 2012?

Q. And so one of the key problems with getting Exalgo written by physicians and nurse practitioners and physicians assistants at this clinic was that there was a concern that it was too easily abused, right?

Q. And then you were still trying to convert this practice, based on that headwind that you were experiencing with their belief that Exalgo was too easily abused, right?

Q. And that it carried a high street value, right?

Q. What would that have meant, "a high street value"?

Q. You don't recall talking to physicians about what a high street value meant?

Q. Wouldn't that suggest to you that there was Exalgo that was on the street being diverted and sold by people who were not written prescriptions for Exalgo?

Q. Well, what --

Q. But here you are, Upper East Tennessee, apparently, being told by people, physicians on the ground, that Exalgo has a quote/unquote high street value, right?

Q. And that doesn't indicate to you that at least of the date of this document, that there is Exalgo being illegally diverted on the streets in Upper East Tennessee?

Q. Well, your physicians were reporting that to you, right --

Q. -- based on this e-mail -- or based on this document?

Q. You wouldn't put something in an advanced training pre-worksheet that wasn't true, right?

Q. And your testimony here today, if I am understanding you correctly, is that you don't believe that the reference to a high street value is the fact that there was Exalgo out on the market illegally in Upper East Tennessee?

Q. And then were you trying to disabuse them of this perception in order to convert the practice over to using Exalgo?

Q. Well, they apparently have a perception that Exalgo is too easily abused and has a high street value. So were you trying to convince them that Exalgo was not easily abused and had a low street value or no street value?

Q. But how were you going to convert the practice if you weren't going to beat back the perception that Exalgo was easily abused?

Q. And how were you going to convert the practice if you weren't going to convince them that Exalgo did not have a high street value?

Q. That was not responsive to my question. My question is: How were you going to convert the practice if you were not going to convince them that Exalgo did not have a high street value?

Q. And those would be the training materials that you got from corporate, right?

Q. And we saw earlier that there was a script from corporate about how salespeople in the field were supposed to detail the traits of Exalgo as it relates to its hard outer shell, what happens to that outer shell when it's crushed and what happens when that outer shell is exposed to water, right?

Q. Apart from that script, do you recall having any other script at Covidien or Mallinckrodt as to how to address concerns by physicians about the abuse qualities of Exalgo?

Q. Would you have looked to your corporate office for guidance on how to disabuse a pain clinic about how Exalgo was too easily abused?

Q. Well, what I mean is, in your practice of having promoted branded opioids, did you encounter physicians who were reluctant to write scripts for certain opioids that they perceived were too easily abused?

Q. Sure. And what you are -- when you go in to educate a physician, you are trying to educate him so that his personal judgment then is that Exalgo is right for his patient, right?

Q. Right?

Q. And so if a physician or a physicians assistant or a nurse practitioner has a perception that Exalgo is easily abused, how would you have explained if Exalgo was right for a patient when a physician carried that perception?

Q. Did you ever, as a result of being told by the folks at Johnson City Pain Associates, that Exalgo had a high street value, do you ever recall doing an investigation about the street value of Exalgo at this time?

Q. Would you have asked people at corporate to help you to help educate physicians on this issue?

Q. Does the term street value in your mind, carry any connotation that opioids are being illegally diverted?

Q. Well, if Exalgo is being sold on the street and not by a licensed pharmacist pursuant to a valid prescription, would that be a legal use of Exalgo in your mind?

Q. If Exalgo is being sold on the street and not by a licensed pharmacist, pursuant to a valid prescription, would that be a legal use of Exalgo in your mind?

Q. Legal.

Q. So you understood when you were assigned to the Johnson City area, that it would be unlawful for Exalgo to be sold on the street, not by a licensed pharmacist, right?

Q. And in your mind, is that a diverted opioid?

Q. So if you look back at Exhibit 9 where you were talking about spending every Wednesday for the rest of the year at the Johnson City Pain Associates, was that because you had successfully converted Johnson City Pain Associates over to writing Exalgo scripts?

Q. And that is because there's a high -- a relatively high volume of prescription opioids being written out of that office?

Q. Go back up to 2A in this Exhibit 10.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. It's talking about an exceeding expectations story with a Dr. Bothe in Asheville. Do you see that?

Q. Last -- last paragraph in that sentence -- I'm sorry -- the last sentence in that paragraph: One specific example of this is gathering specific C.A.R.E.S. Alliance information that would help them manage their patient base in the practice. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Do you recall the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance?

Q. Does this suggest to you that you were using C.A.R.E.S. Alliance information in your interactions with prescribers during this period?

Q. So in fact, the paragraph suggests that you were the person who was giving C.A.R.E.S. Alliance information to this practice group and that that was part of the reason why you were exceeding expectations for this practice group, right?

Q. Well, the paragraph is entitled "Exalgo Exceeding Expectations Story," right?

Q. And then you describe Dr. Bothe as having a pain management clinic here in Asheville, right?

Q. And there is a note here that he had never written a script for Exalgo, right?

Q. According to him, he had never been given a compelling reason to write it, quote/unquote. Right? Did I read that correctly?

Q. Here are a few things I did to gain his business and have him start writing Exalgo for appropriate patients. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And then you list some things. The first thing you list: Built great relationships with the office staff, including Barbara, the office manager, and Cheryl, his PA. Did I read that correctly?

Q. His PA is a reference to his physicians assistant, right?

Q. It -- or this document goes on: I have been doing lunches on a monthly basis, provided multiple patient examples: Eva, Tom, etc. I have not only become just another rep for them, but they now see me as a valuable resource to their office. Did I read that correctly?

Q. One specific example of this is gathering specific C.A.R.E.S. Alliance information that would help them manage their patient base in the practice. Right?

Q. So that would suggest that you were giving C.A.R.E.S. Alliance information to Dr. Bothe in Asheville, North Carolina, right?

Q. But that is what this is saying, right?

Q. Well, what I'm trying to get at is that this would be an example of you using C.A.R.E.S. Alliance information in your promotional activities to physicians during your time with Covidien and Mallinckrodt, right?

Q. But at some point you did, right?

Q. But you don't recall, as you sit here today, what the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance is?

Q. We are done with 10. Can you set that aside?

Q. I just handed you a document that is a field coaching report from January of 2015. Do you see that it carries your name on it, although there is a small typo in it, and also it appears that this was put together by the district manager Paul Jones. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall occasionally, your supervisors going into the field with you?

Q. Did that happen often? How frequently, if you recall, would that happen?

Q. What was the purpose of these ride-alongs with your field supervisor?

Q. And this one carries a date of January 12th through 13th of 2015, right?

Q. And during that time, it appears that Paul Jones was your supervisor, right?

Q. So there is a -- on the second page of this document, there is an overall rating for the field contact. Do you see that?

Q. And it has the district manager overall comments, right?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And that that would have preceded this ride-along in January of 2015, right?

Q. Okay. And Paul makes a comment: I'm very happy to have you rejoin the team, and you know you can add to an already strong district. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Why was -- so in 2015, this was still considered a strong district for Mallinckrodt, right?

Q. So -- and then it goes on to say: It is important that you focus your time and effort with XXR on your current writers and those that have dropped off that your -- your know you can get back. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So do you remember how long you were out on short-term disability?

Q. The reference here to XXR, that is Xartemis, right?

Q. And does this suggest that while you were out on short-term disability for those two months that you had had writers drop off from writing Xartemis?

Q. And he goes on to say: If you -- your -- again, I think he means you -- if you get one more Rx from each writer per week, you will be doing great. Did I read that correctly?

Q. You set a goal of 15 Rxs a week, and I know that is realistic, since you were hitting double digits before you went out in November. Right?

Q. So, again, this suggests that while you were not promoting to these doctors, the company was experiencing a decrease in the amount of opioid prescriptions that were being written by prescribers in your territory, right?

Q. The lunch on Rutherford Ortho was a great example of what you're capable of and how you can gain additional business. Did I read that correctly?

Q. You gave them many reasons to write, and the day after your inservice they wrote a Rx for the first time. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So that is an example of you going into a clinic, having a lunch, for the first time that they write a prescription for a Mallinckrodt-branded opioid, right?

Q. And that was a success, according to your boss at the time, in how successful you were at promoting branded opioids on behalf of Mallinckrodt, right?

Q. And then he says: Keep them going. Right?

Q. And I assume that that means -- what is he telling you to keep going, keep going with the promotional activity?

Q. The prescriptions?

Q. We also discussed doing a speaker program up there in Q2 as well. Did I read that correctly?

Q. As for Ofirmev -- as far as Ofirmev goes, you are a little bit behind since you were out. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Focus on your ASC list and fill out the fax sheet I sent you -- sent. What is the ASC list?

Q. And then it says: Identify which ones are viable opportunities and start to work with them as discussed. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Do you know what Ofirmev was?

Q. And then it says: It appears that your Tennessee market has some potential, and you may need to adjust route to get good time over there. Keep me posted. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So this, again, suggests that as of January of 2015, parts of Tennessee remained in your geographic territory, right?

Q. So we've established from earlier testimony, that you took over Tennessee in January of 2012. Here it is January 2015, three years later. Do you recall any time during that period where Tennessee might have dropped off your territory list?

Q. But that is not my question. My question is: As you sit here today, do you recall any time that Tennessee dropped off your territory list from January 2012 to January 2015?

Q. Eric, I would like to see you at the top in 2015, and I know you can if you get focused on growing XXR with the right customers and get Ofirmev off to a fast start. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So this was your boss pressuring you to be one of the top salespeople in 2015 working your Tennessee market, right?

Q. When Xartemis came on the market, did you stop promoting Exalgo or did the Exalgo promotions continue alongside Xartemis?

Q. And again, based on the representations in this field report from your boss in January of 2015, it appears that when you are not out promoting these drugs, these physicians and writers stop writing prescriptions for them, right?

Q. In other words, the promotional activity is working, right?

Q. When you were out on short-term disability, did you use opioids to control your pain?

Q. Did you use Exalgo?

Q. Did you have surgery?

Q. Was it here in Asheville?

Q. Do you remember the doctor?

Q. Was it one of the doctors that you called on in your work?

Q. I think that you indicated that you left in June of 2015 because they had laid off the specialty sales force?

Q. Was that in the entire territory or was it just your position?

Q. So in January of 2015, at the time of this ride-along that we just went over, was there any indication that there was going to be a mass layoff in the near future?

Q. So the -- the ride-along report also referenced how you had this lunch at Rutherford Ortho. That is in North Carolina, right?

Q. And you had a lunch with a -- with a writer at that clinic, and then the following day there was a script for Exalgo written, right?

Q. So that would indicate that somebody at Mallinckrodt is tracking not only your visits, but then on the back end, matching those up with prescription data, right?

Q. Were you ever responsible for that?

Q. Well, in order to make that conclusion, right, that the day after you had a lunch, they wrote Exalgo for the first time --

Q. -- right? You with me?

Q. There is a lot going on there because somebody has to know when you had lunch with the physician, right?

Q. Right. Okay. So -- so -- and then somebody also has to be tracking the prescription data so much so that they can look at and see the day after you were at this clinic there is a prescription written for Exalgo, right?

Q. So somebody has to be matching up your field notes or your work activity with this prescription data, right?

Q. And my question is, is did you ever do that?

Q. But somehow your manager figured that out during this time period, right?

Q. So is it fair to say that throughout your tenure at Mallinckrodt, Mallinckrodt would regularly examine prescription writing patterns with physicians in your territory?

Q. Well, we have seen a couple of examples of this today, where somebody is matching up your promotional activity with what is going on in the back end of the actual prescriptions, right?

Q. So that suggests that during your tenure at Mallinckrodt, somebody at Mallinckrodt would examine prescription writing patterns with the prescription writers in your territory, right?

Q. And you would get that prescription information for the physicians and writers in your territory, right?

Q. And that included for the time period, that you covered Tennessee -- writers in Tennessee, right?

Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt ever, to your knowledge, used this prescription writing information to identify patterns of opioid abuse in Tennessee?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever, to your knowledge, use this information to identify potential pill mills?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever, to your knowledge, use this information to identify prescribers that were likely writing scripts for nonmedical reasons?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt, to your knowledge, use this information to identify -- well, strike that. But you used the information to track the sales of Mallinckrodt-branded opioids within your district, right?

Q. Well, you talked about how you got these reports on a weekly basis, right?

Q. And you used that in your promotional activity, right?

Q. Well, you used it to help you identify the prescribers and writers that you should contact?

Q. And that is what I mean by using it in your promotional activity.

Q. I hand you a document that we will mark as Exhibit 12. It's an e-mail correspondence between Mr. Jones and a variety of people, including yourself, from April of 2013, right?

Q. Do you recall this e-mail?

Q. Yeah. I noticed that, too. So it must have been a long day for you --

Q. -- on April 19th. It begins with an e-mail from Paul at a more reasonable hour of 9:26 in the morning on April 18th. Do you see that?

Q. And he is apparently, sending you some -- some Excel data. Do you see that there is an attachment of an Excel spreadsheet?

Q. So -- and it references second: Attached is a new report that shows your frequency on your Exalgo eight to ten, five to seven. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Can you explain to me what an Exalgo eight to ten or five to seven is?

Q. Is it possibly the writers who are writing eight to ten Exalgo prescriptions or five to sevens Exalgo prescriptions during a given time period?

Q. And it says: Remember your goal is to see the eight to ten, three times per month and five to sevens at least two times. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And it says: While many of you came short of this goal, and Bill is wanting me to explain. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Bill is a reference to Mr. Nichols who we established is Mr. Jones' boss, right?

Q. He is at the corporate office in St. Louis, right?

Q. But it was your understanding that he was higher up the chain, if you will --

Q. -- than your boss, right?

Q. And it says: If you are below three, then shoot me a quick e-mail explaining. Need by Friday tomorrow. Thanks. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So this appears to be Paul getting on the sales team staff for not being out in the field enough; is that fair to say?

Q. I see. So the issue is not that you are not spending enough time in the field, it's that you are not going out to the key people enough?

Q. And then you respond back at 2:23 a.m., which suggests that maybe this was an important e-mail?

Q. Well, was it your practice to stay up until 2:23, to send some e-mails?

Q. Did it happen on a regular basis?

Q. More than once a week?

Q. It says: Hi, Paul. From this spreadsheet, it looks like I am nailing my top targets with my reach and frequency. If you will notice with my five to seven targets, there was a dramatic increase in R&F after we agreed that I need to be spending more time in Johnson City, which I have been doing. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Do you know if Johnson City was in the eight to ten category, or the five to seven category at this time?

Q. Okay. Can you explain to me what you mean by the "dramatic increase in R&F after we agreed that I need to be spending more time in Johnson City"?

Q. So you are talking about a dramatic increase in reach and frequency?

Q. And by "reach and frequency," in layman's terms, that is you physically, going there and spending time there, right?

Q. And then it says: This is what you have been doing. Right?

Q. So in other words, as of April of 2013, you had a directive from your superiors at Mallinckrodt to spend more time in Johnson City, Tennessee, right?

Q. Well, what is the reference to spending more time if you are not directed to spend more time in Johnson City, Tennessee?

Q. And then it says: So I have taken a look at my five to seven targets and will work on increasing my R&F with them as well as continuing to hit my eight to ten targets. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And then it says: Additionally, regarding the potential meeting dates for JC Pain. Did I read that correctly?

Q. That is a reference to Johnson City Pain, right?

Q. Pain clinic in Tennessee, right?

Q. It says: I spent another two hours in there yesterday and was not able to see Dr. Williams. I have a lunch in the office this next week, and I have always been able to see all the providers at this time. So as soon as I get the green light from Dr. Williams and get some tentative dates, I will text them to you or reach out to you via e-mail as I know you are in St. Louis next week. Did I read that correctly?

Q. What are you trying to schedule here?

Q. So -- and based on the Document 11, which was the field report that we just went over --

Q. -- where Mr. Jones was talking to you about how your prescription writing had decreased when you weren't promoting, and here you are making concerted effort to spend more time in Johnson City, spend more time promoting in Johnson City, was it your expectation that that time would result in more scripts being written for branded opioids made by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Mr. Hichman, I am going to -- Hichman.

Q. I will get it probably about 4:30. I'm going to hand you a document that we are going to mark as Exhibit 13. This is excerpts from a book by Dr. Galer and Dr. Argoff entitled "Defeat Chronic Pain Now." Do you recall ever seeing this book in your work with Mallinckrodt?

Q. Earlier -- and if you need to refresh your recollection, you can look back at Exhibit 10 -- we saw a notation in some of your notes that you had disseminated some of your information from the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance in your work as a sales rep from Mallinckrodt to a Dr. Bothe. Do you recall that C.A.R.E.S. Alliance testimony?

Q. But you don't recall seeing this Defeat Chronic Now book as affiliated with the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance as part of that C.A.R.E.S. Alliance information that you may have disseminated?

Q. Let me flip back over to -- again, this isn't the whole book. It's just excerpts from the book. But flip over to the page 175, 176.

Q. There is a heading there that says: Do opioids cause addiction in chronic pain patients. Do you see that heading?

Q. The book states: First, we needed to find what addiction is and is not. So many people confuse addiction with another biological process, physical dependence. Did I read that correctly?

Q. We are sure you have read the newspapers and seen on TV the accounts of people claiming to have become addicted to OxyContin. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Absolutely. This is a major societal issue that needs to be dealt with. However, in our opinion, many of these folks on TV appear not to be addicted, but rather had developed a physical dependency which is a normal bodily reaction that happens with lots of different types of medications, including medications not used for pain, and is easily remedied. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Was that the type of information from the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance that you were disseminating to doctors like Dr. Bothe?

Q. And I understand you don't recall anything about the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance specifically. But what I'm asking you is, the message that I just read from this book affiliated with the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance, was that the type of information and messages that you were delivering to doctors like Dr. Bothe when you put in your notes that you were providing him information from the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance?

Q. So you don't think that those were the types of messages that were being sent in that information?

Q. But you don't recall specifically, the information from the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance that you delivered to Dr. Bothe?

Q. Flip over to the next page, 176.

Q. There is the paragraph beginning "By definition addiction." Do you see that?

Q. The second -- third sentence in that paragraph beginning "When chronic pain." Do you see that?

Q. I'm going to read it. When chronic pain patients take opioids to treat their pain, they rarely develop a true addiction and drug craving. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Was that your understanding when you worked at -- at Mallinckrodt, that when chronic patients take opioids to treat their pain, they rarely developed a true addiction?

Q. You don't recall if you had that belief while you worked at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you -- you don't recall forming any belief whatsoever about the addictive qualities of the opioids that you were selling?

Q. As you sit here today, do you agree with that statement?

Q. I'm going to hand you a document that we have marked as Exhibit 14. It's entitled the Field Conference Report for Eric Hichman on May 28th to 29th, 2013. Do you recall seeing this document when you worked at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And you see that it appears to be written by Paul Jones, based on the signature block on the following page?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall receiving Field Conference Reports in your work with Mallinckrodt?

Q. What was the purpose of these reports?

Q. And we had already looked at one of his field reports for you earlier in Exhibit 12, I believe it was. I'm sorry, maybe 11. Exhibit 11. So this is just another sort of summary from where Mr. Jones does one of his ride-alongs where he goes out in the field with you?

Q. So the field report begins: Eric, I wanted to thank you for two good days in the field. I'm glad to see your Exalgo start to move and know you can hit your goals this quarter. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Well, what was your goal during the quarter, if you recall correctly?

Q. Your goals would typically be set, based on the amount of Exalgo scripts written in your territory, correct?

Q. Your average needs to be 16 a week, and you are currently averaging 14 and a half for the first seven weeks. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And then there is a graph showing your prescription rates, I assume?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. So when he says that your average needs to be 16 a week, is that the goal that you had set for that quarter?

Q. I understand. But the goal -- the company was setting sales goals for you in your promotional activity with regard to Exalgo, right?

Q. And when it says 16 a week, what does that mean?

Q. And you were a little bit below that apparently through the first seven weeks, correct?

Q. And then Mr. Jones writes: As we discussed, you need more consistency from your writer. Did I read that correctly?

Q. The next sentence after the one I previously read.

Q. What does he mean by -- or what did you interpret it to mean when he tells you that you need more consistency from your writer?

Q. But as you sit here today, what do you understand that term to mean?

Q. He goes on to say: You currently and only one consistent writer and have approximately ten others that write every other week or so. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Does that inform you about what he means by more consistency from your writers?

Q. The key is to know exactly why the write . Did I read that correctly?

Q. And do you assume that that is a typo and he means "they write," right?

Q. As a last resort, or after an Opana failure, you need to know this so you can address it individually on every call. Did I read that correctly?

Q. When he says "call," he's meaning your in-person visits, right?

Q. So what he is telling you to do is that you need to have a better understanding about why the physicians within your territory are writing Exalgo scripts, right?

Q. And then he continues: Continue to use the Exalgo iPad app like you are, but tailor to each call based on their needs and ask for more consistent use. You have the relationships. Did I read that correctly?

Q. When he says "You have the relationships," he means you have the relationships with the writers in your territory to begin to ask them for more consistent writing, right?

Q. And that is because at this point, this company, you have been with them for a year and a half and have developed pretty good relationships with the prescribers and the writers in your territory, right?

Q. He says: The next time we work together, I know I will see progress in this area. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So it was expected from your superiors that you would follow through on the command to better understand your prescribers and get more consistent writing out of the prescribers in your territory, right?

Q. Did you interpret it that way?

Q. How do you interpret it today as we sit here when you see this document again?

Q. Well, he says: You only have one consistent writer. Right?

Q. And then he describes what an unconsistent writer is, right? When he says: And have approximately ten others that write every other week or so. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So it seems like a consistent writer is somebody who is writing Exalgo scripts every week, right?

Q. And then --

Q. -- an inconsistent writer is one who is writing them every other week or so?

Q. Right?

Q. So what he is telling you is that you need to leverage your relationships with the prescribers in your territory to get Exalgo scripts written every week?

Q. Then it closes on the last page: Eric, I am happy -- I'm sorry, let me let you get there. The last paragraph. Eric, I am happy with how you have progressed so far this year and see you making impact where you put the effort and attention as you have been with Johnson City Pain. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So we saw in earlier e-mails where the beginning of the year in 2013 you were having those problems getting in to see Johnson City Pain physicians and you were consistently trying to get there at the end of 2012 once a week, right?

Q. You don't recall the e-mail correspondence where you told your superior that you were going to be at this Johnson City Pain every Wednesday for the rest of the year, and that was in November of 2012?

Q. That is right.

Q. And so now you prioritize them, and according to this, you successfully converted Johnson City Pain over to writing scripts for Exalgo, right?

Q. And we saw earlier that they were reluctant to write those Exalgo scripts, because they thought that it had significant abuse potential and had a high street value, right?

Q. And so now we are, after that e-mail, you are getting patted on the back by your superior for -- for getting Johnson City Pain to write Exalgo scripts. So that suggests that you convinced them that Exalgo did not have abuse potential and its street value was not high?

Q. So they were prescribing Exalgo, notwithstanding they still carried the perception of its high street value and strong potential for use?

Q. Well, again, you are being commanded by your superiors here to know why your physicians are writing Exalgo scripts, right?

Q. So after you learned that the physicians at Johnson City Pain were reluctant to prescribe Exalgo because of its abuse potential and its high street value, you didn't talk to those physicians again after they started writing Exalgo scripts to understand if they continued to have that perception even though they were now writing scripts for that drug?

Q. That wasn't my question. My question is: So after you learned that the physicians at Johnson City Pain were reluctant to prescribe Exalgo because of its abuse potential and its high street value, you did not talk to those physicians again after they started writing Exalgo scripts to understand if they continued to have that perception even though they were now writing scripts for that drug?

Q. I just handed you a document from April 2014. This is e-mail correspondence between Todd Druen and you. Do you see that?

Q. The subject line is a "Weekly Push Report," right?

Q. Do you recall receiving these Weekly Push Reports?

Q. And would these -- you can spend as much time with the e-mail. It's several pages long, but feel free to look at it. But would these be those sales reports that you would get on a weekly basis?

Q. And so, again, because it's titled "Weekly Report," and you testified that you got such weekly reports -- and I don't want to go through all of them -- but can we assume that this is roughly the information that you would get on a weekly basis while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Something kind of confusing about this e-mail I was hoping you might be able to clarify it for me. You used an acronym called WUNK, W-U-N-K?

Q. Is that whereabouts unknown?

Q. So there was a database, according to this document, where there would be physicians who would be tagged with a -- with a description of a WUNK. Is that your understanding of the database?

Q. Sure. It's no problem. So on -- on the April 23rd, 2014, e-mail at 11:16 p.m., you write three bullet items to Todd, one of them is: Finally, I added Ryan Groth into my territory last month, and he is showing up as a WUNK in the Exalgo exclusion list now.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. So apparently, you -- I assume this is done on a computer system. You went in somewhere and added Ryan Groth into your territory, and now he's showing up in some computer system as a WUNK?

Q. So I guess I'm confused. Like what is the computer system that is around -- or that is kind of being described here?

Q. You don't?

Q. And just to be clear, based on your prior testimony, when you use the term "calls," you are really talking about your in-person visits, right?

Q. You are not talking about calls on the phone?

Q. There is also a reference to an Exalgo exclusion list. Do you see that?

Q. What is the Exalgo exclusion list?

Q. Sure. No problem. Take your time.

Q. If you needed to know the answer to that question, who would you ask?

Q. Anybody else you might have asked about if you needed clarification about what an Exalgo exclusion list is?

Q. So go further down the first page here, there is an April 23rd 2014, 9:01 p.m. e-mail from Todd Druen. Do you see that?

Q. And it says: The post report is out, and I am sure that you have reviewed the file that was sent to you personally from corporate already. Did I read that correctly?

Q. There is good news and not so good news, based on the information embedded in this report. Did I read that correctly?

Q. The good news is that we are doing very well with Pennsaid and Exalgo. The bad news is that it's only 23 percent of the IC plan. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So I want to unpack that a little bit. What is the IC plan?

Q. So this is the plan where you will receive

Q. Were you separately compensated for those?

Q. Well, and this is probably getting back to the nature of the IC plan. But if you hit your targets for Exalgo but missed your targets for Pennsaid, would you get a bonus from any of your targets for Exalgo?

Q. You don't remember. Okay. This e-mail goes on and says: I know that XXR will pick up soon as we continue throughout the quarter. Stay focused and do not get discouraged by the slow uptake of your physicians. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So in April of 2014, that was about the time when Mallinckrodt started to roll out marketing Xartemis, right?

Q. It came on the market right around that time, right?

Q. You don't remember?

Q. And the reference to XXR here is to Xartemis XR, right?

Q. So -- and then you see on the next page there is a chart. Do you see that?

Q. And the first chart is the XXR chart. Do you see that?

Q. And under the XXR header there it says: Congratulations to Teresa and Eric this week for getting their first scripts. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So does that suggest to you that this week was the first week that you had a Xartemis script written by one of the physicians in your territory?

Q. So prior to that, you can see in the chart you had zero, and then the next week you have 3.3, right?

Q. Can you explain how you get .3 of a prescription?

Q. On the next page, there is a header with Exalgo. Do you see that?

Q. And it said: It was a good week for Exalgo as well. Everyone deserves a pat on the back for such

Q. What does he mean by "Nobody wants to leave 7 percent of the IC plan on the table"?

Q. So in other words, he is trying to make sure that you guys are hitting your Exalgo sales targets so that you can fulfill your incentive compensation plan so you can get your bonus at the end of the quarter or end of the year?

Q. So it was your understanding that your sales manager, his -- well, let me strike that. Was Todd Druen your supervisor at this time?

Q. I handed you a document that we have marked as Exhibit 16. Do you see that this is e-mail correspondence between you and Todd Druen in -- in November of 2013?

Q. It looks like -- again, feel free to spend as much time as you want with this document, but it looks like this is kind of an introductory e-mail from when Todd started taking over as your supervisor, right?

Q. And you are commenting on how you are both sort of GSK alumni?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And you say: I really wanted to switch from big pharma to small pharma, so this has been a great fit. Do you see that?

Q. Do you remember why you wanted to switch from big pharma to small pharma?

Q. And then, again, this is kind of an introductory e-mail. And he had asked you a question about what your expectations of a manager are, and then there is a paragraph here that says: My expectations of my manager are simple. Do you see that?

Q. And then it says, quote: Help me drive results in my territory, be a partner in my business, and help me solve any problems or answer any questions that I can't figure out by myself. Did I read that correctly?

Q. What were you meaning by drive results in my territory?

Q. But driving results in your territory would have been getting scripts for Mallinckrodt products in your territory, right? That is the result you are talking about?

Q. Well, what other result are you looking to help your manager drive you towards if it's not more scripts in your territory?

Q. But none of the things you just listed is a result. I am curious by what you meant "drive results in my territory." What results are you talking about if it's not scripts for Mallinckrodt products?

Q. Well, one result would be driving prescriptions from Mallinckrodt products, right?

Q. And then the e-mail goes on with a paragraph -- there's a personal paragraph about you, we'll skip that. And then it says: My goals. Do you see that?

Q. My goals for 2014 is to make a ton of bonus money launching Xartemis and finishing the top 20 percent in the nation. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So that would be one result that you were talking about, that you want to help him drive in your territory is to get tons of bonus money launching Xartemis, right?

Q. Sure. And so how would you make a ton of bonus money launching Xartemis?

Q. And so in other words, have scripts written for Xartemis, right?

Q. Was --

Q. But scripts is one thing included in that plan, right?

Q. And we saw in the last e-mail, your weekly sales report that you got that you testified that you got on a weekly basis, the only parameter that that is measuring is scripts, right?

Q. Okay. I want to switch gears a little bit here. We have been talking a decent amount about your in-person visits, and I know that you also said some of your promotional activities revolved around speaker programs.

Q. I want to talk about speaker programs a little bit.

Q. This is e-mail correspondence between you and Paul Jones in March of 2013. So it looks like Paul is still your supervisor at this point, right?

Q. And this e-mail correspondence begins with Paul stating to you, and I appear are the other salespeople in his -- on his team; is that fair?

Q. It says: I am presenting my business plan to the home office leadership team, including Steve, our president. I need you to send me some data. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Then he talks about how many Exalgo speaker programs have you completed since October 1, question mark. Right?

Q. How many Exalgo programs are scheduled for future, question mark. Did I read that right?

Q. How many Exalgo prescribers do you have since October 1, question mark. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And then presumably, he is also asking for the same data on some of the other products that Mallinckrodt was promoting at that time, right?

Q. And then you respond: Exalgo speaker programs completed since October 1, two. Do you see that?

Q. How many Exalgo products are scheduled for the future? Johnson City dinner program next Tuesday, March 12th. Bo is paying, and I am planning to do a dinner in April but not officially booked yet. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And then you provide prescribers: Exalgo, 16; Pennsaid, 22; Sumavel, four --

Q. -- Duexis -- thank you, you saved me -- two. Is that the number of prescribers that had attended the two speaker programs since October 1?

Q. So this e-mail is dated March 2013, right?

Q. And if there has been two completed since October, and that would cover approximately five months; is that right?

Q. Is that pretty consistent with how often the speaker programs were held?

Q. Do you recall if the Johnson City speaking event went forward?

Q. Did you schedule the Johnson City speaking event as a result of the previous e-mail that we saw where the Johnson City folks were reluctant to write scripts for Exalgo because of abuse potential and high street value?

Q. Got it. Describe to me kind of what a general speaker event would look like.

Q. And then in this e-mail it references Bo is paying. Who is Bo?

Q. So these would be Mallinckrodt paid-for events, right?

Q. Mallinckrodt would pay the speaker, right?

Q. Then Mallinckrodt would develop the slide deck for what would the speaker be presenting, right?

Q. Did the speakers convey the information we saw earlier in the CDER report about the addiction risk of Exalgo being on par with OxyContin?

Q. Well, you attended the speaker events, right?

Q. Did the speakers convey that Exalgo was not FDA approved as an abuse deterrent opioid?

Q. Did the speakers convey that the CDER report concluded that the more scripts written for Exalgo, the greater increase of abuse, addiction and diversion?

Q. The speakers would convey the benefits of the product, though, right?

Q. And the purpose of the speaker events was to get the physicians who attended to write more Exalgo scripts, right?

Q. Well, then, what was the point of paying for the dinner, taking the time and the evening, paying the speaker, developing the slide deck, if it wasn't to push for Exalgo scripts?

Q. Well, they are pushing Exalgo, right, because it's the only drug that they are talking about?

Q. Did the speaker programs include information on opioid addiction in general?

Q. Did the speaker programs have information about opioid diversion?

Q. Did the speaker programs include information on opioid abuse?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt use savings cards in its commercial activity in Tennessee?

Q. What is a saving card?

Q. And this is so that when the patient is going to fill their script, they can provide this card to the pharmacist and get a reduction in their co-pay, correct?

Q. And that is to help defray the cost to the patient themselves for purchasing the medication?

Q. And as you said, they are pretty consistent across the pharmaceutical industry, right?

Q. And that is because they are effective, right?

Q. Yeah. And the reason why they are effective is because it encourages people to fill scripts once the doctor orders them?

Q. Sure. But -- and, you know, I think that we can all agree that patients generally are going to follow the advice of their doctor.

Q. But to the extent that they wouldn't, one significant barrier to that might be the cost of the drug on the back end, right?

Q. And then one way to defray that is with these savings cards?

Q. Would Mallinckrodt mon- -- or I'm sorry. Would Mallinckrodt/Covidien monitor the length of therapy for individuals on opioids?

Q. Your weren't ever involved in that?

Q. You don't recall ever receiving any reports about how patients in this given territory typically are on opioids for 90 days or 120 days?

Q. We talked a little bit about this with the IC plan. But you received incentive based compensation, right?

Q. Do you recall any -- were your -- were your incentive based compensations quarterly or annually?

Q. Do you ever recall a quarter where you did not receive a bonus?

Q. Is it fair to say that you got a bonus more often than you did not get a bonus?

Q. And we talked earlier that one component of the incentive based compensation plan is the amount of prescriptions written for Mallinckrodt products within your territory, right?

Q. As you sit here today, can you recall any other component to the quarterly incentive based compensation plan?

Q. Do you believe that the number of prescriptions for Mallinckrodt products written in your sales territory was the primary factor in determining your bonus?

Q. Sure. And do you ever recall part of the incentive based compensation plan being reports of drug abuse or diversion within your territory?

Q. Do you ever recall a quarter where the incentive compensation plan incentivized you to identify or report drug abuse and diversion going on --

Q. -- within your territory?

Q. Did it ever happen?

Q. Do you recall the incentive based program called Iron Man?

Q. Did some of the incentive based programs, did they -- did they have names, like this quarter it's going to be the Iron Man program?

Q. Do you remember an incentive based program called Run the Warehouse program?

Q. What was that?

Q. Do you remember the Fast Star Sales Challenge?

Q. And do you remember what it entailed?

Q. Was it related to the Xartemis roll-out in April 2014?

Q. Do you ever recall Mallinckrodt maintaining

Q. Would you only call on the physicians on your target list?

Q. Is it safe to say that the primary people that you called on appeared on the target list?

Q. Do you ever recall a single instance where you were ever told to stop calling on a prescriber in Tennessee?

Q. How often would you interact with Mallinckrodt's compliance department?

Q. How often would you -- well, I assume the compliance department was not in Asheville, right?

Q. There is no Asheville office I assume?

Q. Your home was the Asheville office, right?

Q. And so you don't have a home office that you report to other than your home, right?

Q. So I assume that you would have to interact with the compliance department either on the phone, or possibly going to a training session out of town. So my question is, is how often would those interactions take place?

Q. Did they ever take place?

Q. But as you sit here today, you can't recall

Q. Did you have quarterly calls with the compliance department?

Q. What would you talk to them about?

Q. Did you learn or ever hear of the term the "Oxy Express"?

Q. Do you know anything about the "Blue Highway"?

Q. Have you ever -- I assume that if you were covering East Tennessee, at some point, you were on Interstate 75, right?

Q. You don't recall that interstate ever being referred to as the "Oxy Express" within Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you hear of anything that happened with Mallinckrodt products being sold in Florida and diverted to Upper East Tennessee?

Q. Did you ever interact with the sales folks on the generic side?

Q. Did they ever attend your training seminars?

Q. Do you know anybody that worked on the generic side of the business?

Q. I'll hand you a document that we will mark as Exhibit 18.

Q. I'll represent to you that this was a file that was produced natively to us in Excel, and it carries the Bates number MNK TNSTA 01043353 with the file name of "Three Star Doctors." It's an Excel spreadsheet. Do you see that on the front of the page of Exhibit 18?

Q. Do you recall a document entitled the "Three Star Doctors" document?

Q. Tell me what you recall about this document.

Q. And this would be an example of a target list then?

Q. Well, was the target list something different than what is in this Three Star Doctor Excel spreadsheet?

Q. But this would be the information that would generally appear on a target list?

Q. So let's go through the columns. There is the first and last name, and I assume that that is the writer, right?

Q. More like -- most likely a physician, but it could also be a physicians assistant or a nurse practitioner, right?

Q. Then there is a territory that is listed. Do you see that?

Q. And there is four or five Tennessee territories on here. But there is the Knoxville East territory. Do you see that?

Q. There is the Asheville territory, right?

Q. And I assume that when you had the Tennessee territory that you covered, that would have been the Asheville -- you would have been the Asheville territory, right?

Q. And then there is Chattanooga, Memphis, Nashville East and Clarksville, right?

Q. And then it has the territory rank. What does that mean?

Q. And then there would be an address, and I assume that that's the address of the clinic that you would be calling on?

Q. And then there is the city and the state and the zip code, right?

Q. Then there's this column -- and I assume that's the city, state and zip code of the clinic, right?

Q. And then there is a column: Exalgo FY 12 PDEs. What does that mean?

Q. And then there are some numbers?

Q. And then there is an Exalgo segment with entries like Trialist, Dabbler, Non-writer.

Q. What does that mean?

Q. And then there is column, Exalgo decile. What is that?

Q. What does tier mean, A and B?

Q. Priority EP or D, do you remember what that means?

Q. Got it. And then high strength opioid writer. Do you see that?

Q. And then there's three stars --

Q. -- for all of them. Do you see that?

Q. You picked up to where I'm going. It's almost like you want to be done. Would that be a high strength opioid provider, or do you recall?

Q. Well, I interpreted this document that three stars were the high priority -- high strength opioid writers, and there might be another document with two stars and one star.

Q. I'll hand you another document. This is a document, again, that was produced to us, carrying a Bates number of MNK TNSTA 01047402, carrying the file name "32 MG targets." It's an Excel spreadsheet. Do you see that?

Q. Can you -- does the term "32 MG targets" mean anything to you?

Q. And then you can see that there are -- again, it's an Excel spreadsheet containing the lists of what I presume are writers, right?

Q. And then there is a line for IMS ID. Do you see that? I'm sorry. There is a row for IMS ID?

Q. I guess that's a column. I'm getting my rows and columns confused. Column for IMS ID?

Q. Then there is the territory. And I assume that that is the internal Mallinckrodt territory, right?

Q. Then there is the district and the region, right?

Q. And then it's state, and they are all from the state of Tennessee. Do you see that?

Q. So do you know what the IMS ID is?

Q. If that was the ID of this particular writer in an IMS Health database to help you link up script writing data to physicians on this list, would that surprise you?

Q. Do you know why these people here would have been listed as a 32 milligram targets?

Q. Do you recall having parameters for people that you were specifically tasked with promotina, 32 milligram tablets to?

Q. This is, again, another spreadsheet that was produced to us carrying a Bates number of MNK TNSTA 01677861. And it carries the file name of "Xartemis Top 25 Target Lists, 30100 Nashville Tennessee, 112613." Does this document look familiar to you?

Q. Would this be another example of a target list for which to promote Xartemis to?

Q. If it carried this name of Xartemis top 25 target list, would you assume that these are the top 25 targets to Xartemis?

Q. And, again, we are kind of seeing the same information here about a physician ID, physician name, an address, a city, a state and zip code, right?

Q. And there is a list with speciality, and that is anesthesiologists and orthopaedic surgeons. So let's assume the specialty and the physician or the writer that is listed there, right?

Q. And then there is a specialty group, and then there is pain and orthopaedic. And that, again, is the practice area for the writer, right?

Q. And then there is a column for Xartemis decile. Do you know what that means?

Q. Well, there are -- then each physician is given a code of 8, 10, 9 --

Q. And then it says there is a raw market volume. Do you see that?

Q. And then a Xartemis market volume column?

Q. And they are different for each one of the physicians. Do you know if that is the number of scripts that they are writing?

Q. And then there is an Exalgo decile, right?

Q. And then there is the group practice flag. Do you see that?

Q. And then it says yes or no?

Q. Do you know what that means?

Q. Would this possibly be an example of also a no-call list?

Q. And then there is an adoption metric column. Do you see that?

Q. And so is this an attempt to provide a metric for how quickly these physicians are switching over to Xartemis?

Q. Do you recall the difference between Xartemis and Exalgo?

Q. Do -- does looking at some of these documents for target list that include the territory name or district refresh any recollection about how far your territory went into Tennessee?

Q. When you worked at Mallinckrodt, did they provide you a computer?

Q. Did they provide you a phone?

Q. Did you give that back to them when you were let go?

Q. You were let go from Mallinckrodt during the sort of large layoff where they more or less terminated their specialty sales group, right?

Q. And that was nationwide?

Q. Did that catch you by surprise?

Q. Did you get some sort of severance package when you left?

Q. Was there bad feelings on your part when you left Mallinckrodt where you feel like you were mistreated?

Q. Well, fortunately, I have never been subject to a layoff, so I don't really know what it feels like. But I imagine, just being a human being, that it's a pretty gut wrenching meeting when somebody comes in and says, we are eliminating your job, right?

Q. And the something else you went on to was leaving the pharmaceutical world, right?

Q. And you started your own business where you opened up these Beef Jerky Outlets, right?

Q. Was that in the pipeline when you were let go, or is that something that was -- was the layoff something that kind of put you over the edge and said, let's --

Q. Okay. How much before?

Q. Do you have a business partner?

Q. Is your wife employed?

Q. With the Vista Retail Group?

Q. Does she carry a title?

Q. You are a bolder man than I am doing business with my wife. My hat's off to you.

Q. Do you know who Heather Duncan is?

Q. Do you know who Cheryl Hernbol is?

Q. Cheryl Hernbol?

Q. When you on-boarded at Covidien, you said that you had met with the district manager. Was that Todd Dean?

Q. And you had a discussion with him about the position?

Q. And did he tell you that they were experiencing rapid turnover in the position at that time?

Q. Did he describe to you how the turnover was related to pill mill operations in Tennessee?

Q. Did he describe to you at all that they had problems filling the position?

Q. Did he describe to you that Exalgo, at the time, was not on the approved medication list for Blue Cross Blue Shield of Tennessee?

Q. Did he describe to you that Exalgo was not on the approved list for TennCare?

Q. I assume at some point, you found those two factors out?

Q. Did you have a discussion with him about how the Tennessee target lists would be generated?

Q. Did he tell you that there were no pill mill operations on the Tennessee target list?

Q. Did he tell you that they were trying to scrub the target list to avoid calling on Tennessee pill mills?

Q. Would it surprise you to learn that some of the physicians that you called upon have been federally indicted for writing improper opioid scripts?

Q. And what are the physicians that you are aware that have been federally indicted?

Q. And who is that?

Q. How often would you call upon Dr. Mohamed?

Q. Do you know if he is in federal prison, as we sit here today?

Q. Does it cause you any concern about the work that you were doing that you were calling upon Dr. Mohamed during your work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did he -- was he a known Exalgo script writer?

Q. Do you recall ever seeing anything suspicious when you called upon Dr. Mohamed's office?

Q. Do you recall anything specific about his particular operation?

Q. What did you think --

Q. And you -- you didn't see your job as being -- monitoring those physicians for potential illegal pill mill activity?

Q. You weren't trained on that by Mallinckrodt to identify pill mills?

Q. I'm going to hand you a copy of what I promise will be my last exhibit. And I don't really want to go through these, but I will represent to you that Exhibit 21 is a collection of various expense reports that you submitted during your time at Mallinckrodt. Feel free to take as much time with this document. But really, I just want you to confirm that these are the types of expense reports that you would typically submit for your work at Mallinckrodt calling on physicians and your promotion activity for those specialty pharmaceuticals that you were promoting. And, again, it's several pages, and I know that. Take as much time as you want with it but...

Q. And these are expense reports here for like hotel stays, right, because sometimes you couldn't quite make it home at night; is that right?

Q. And there are meals in here, too, right?

Q. And those would be just kind of the general expenses that you would incur as a result being out on the road doing work on behalf of Mallinckrodt, right?

Q. And this doesn't -- this isn't meant to be, at all, sort of a comprehensive list of your expense reports. I'm sure that there are far more than what is here in Exhibit 21. But these would be kind of representative samples, correct?

Q. Did you ever stop calling on Dr. Mohamed's office?

Q. Do you ever recall stop calling on any doctor's office when you were working for Mallinckrodt/Covidien because you saw something suspicious?
