Witness:  Floyd Ratliff
Attorney: MR. Kawamoto
Source:   MNKOI0004559077
============================================================

Q. Good morning, Mr. Ratliff. Thank you for being here.

Q. Have you ever been deposed before?

Q. And can you briefly describe the matter you were deposed in?

Q. And did this case involve -- or did this matter involve narcotics?

Q. So -- well, how -- how long ago was that?

Q. Okay. So some time ago. In terms of the rules for the deposition then, sir, just to help things go more smoothly, it is very important for us to not speak -- speak over each other. If I ask a question and you don't understand what the question is, please let me know and I will do my best to rephrase it. When you answer, you need to answer audibly, so nodding your head isn't going to work. And if you want to take a break, let me know. If there is a question pending, I think it probably makes sense for you to answer the question, but then I will -- we'll accommodate whatever breaks you need. Does that sound agreeable?

Q. Okay. So with respect to this deposition -- well, actually, let me take a step back. You used to work for the Federal Bureau of https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559095 Investigation. Have you ever testified in court before?

Q. Okay. And can you generally describe the cases that you testified in?

Q. And for the drug cases, did any of them involve prescription opioids?

Q. Now, you indicated that you cross-trained with the DEA. What -- what do you mean by that?

Q. So you're familiar with the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Okay. With respect to this deposition, how did you prepare for it?

Q. And do you recall roughly how many times you spoke with counsel?

Q. And were those in-person meetings or telephonic?

Q. And roughly when did these meetings occur?

Q. And how long did these meetings last, approximately?

Q. So four or five hours per meeting?

Q. And I'm going to ask you a question about documents. I'm not asking you to describe the documents -- I'm not asking you to describe the substance of the documents for me, but why don't we https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559097 start with: Did you review any documents during these meetings?

Q. And did any of these documents refresh your recollection?

Q. Okay. Do you know if these documents have been produced in this case?

Q. Do you have any documents in your personal possession relating to your work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you have a company phone?

Q. Did you ever send any text messages related to your work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. I think they are somewhat different, but I -- I take it from your answer you are not a heavy texter?

Q. Fair enough. During your time at Mallinckrodt, were you ever interviewed by any regulators or law enforcement personnel?

Q. And you've never been deposed while employed by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And how long did you work for Mallinckrodt for?

Q. And what did you do after you left your job at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Now, prior to joining Mallinckrodt, you were with the FBI?

Q. And what was your position with them right before you joined Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you ever work for the National Drug Intelligence Center?

Q. And when was that from?

Q. And what position did you hold with them?

Q. And what were your job responsibilities as deputy director?

Q. Are you familiar with the "national drug threat assessment"?

Q. What was the job or what was the function of the National Drug Intelligence Center?

Q. And is it your understanding that one of the functions of the National Drug Intelligence Center was to put out this report entitled "The National Drug Threat Assessment"?

Q. Do you ever recall working on a drug threat assessment for the -- the NDIC?

Q. Would you agree that there is an opioid crisis facing this country?

Q. And roughly when did it start?

Q. If you had to estimate, though, what -- what -- roughly when would you put the date, pre 2000, 2012, if you had to ballpark it?

Q. Were you concerned about the opioid epidemic while you were employed at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And you joined Mallinckrodt in 2000, is that correct?

Q. Did you ever hear the term "opioid epidemic user" discussed while you were employed at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And so was it in the context of your work as the Director of Security for Tyco that you heard this term or you used this term -- or I'm sorry -- you heard this term discussed?

Q. And what are the causes of this opioid crisis?

Q. Would you agree that overprescription by doctors is a cause?

Q. Would you agree that the over distribution by pharmaceuticals is a cause?

Q. Do you know what a pill mill is?

Q. What is it?

Q. And when you say "produces an excess of narcotics for the street," are you -- are you referring to a manufacturer of narcotics?

Q. So what -- what do you mean when you say it produces -- a pill mill "produces an excess of narcotics for the street"? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559104

Q. So, Mr. Ratliff, before we went off the record, we were discussing pill mills. Are pill mills essentially pharmacies? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559105

Q. Okay. Well, what -- I think we established that in your view a pill mill is not a manufacturer, so what -- what is a pill mill?

Q. And can you give me an example of a pill mill?

Q. And so your understanding of the term "pill mill" is -- is that it would include China, for example?

Q. Could a local retail pharmacy be a pill mill?

Q. Did you ever encounter such pill mills while working for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you believe pill mills contributed to the opioid crisis?

Q. And were you concerned about them while you were employed at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And did you believe it was -- strike that. Do you believe Mallinckrodt had an obligation to prevent its products from reaching pill mills?

Q. And do you recall when you first became concerned about pill mills?

Q. And by illicit distribution of narcotics, does that include prescription opioids?

Q. In fact, weren't the majority of illicit narcotics that were being distributed prescription opioids?

Q. So, Mr. Ratliff, I've handed you what's Exhibit 1. It's an excerpt from the National Drug Threat Assessment from 2011. I put it up on the Elmo for your convenience.

Q. You'll note that it's put out by the US Department of Justice and it is the National Drug Intelligence Center is actually the institution that's responsible for it. Directing your attention to the top of Page 37, and I'll high right this, this wording for you. Can you please read what I have just highlighted?

Q. Would you agree with that statement?

Q. Well, do you have any reason to believe https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559109 that the assessment is inaccurate?

Q. That's all with that one.

Q. So is it fair to say that the opioid crisis is largely driven by prescription opioids?

Q. Are you aware of the term "migration" with respect to -- strike that. Are you familiar with the use of the term "migration" in the context of opioid products?

Q. Did you have particular concerns with opioid products going to Florida and from there making their way -- making their way to other parts of the country?

Q. What were those concerns? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559110

Q. And why go to Florida to do that?

Q. And do you recall what some of the other hot spots were?

Q. What about Kentucky?

Q. And what about West Virginia?

Q. So it would be fair to characterize West Virginia as a hot spot as we are using that term, would it not?

Q. What about Georgia?

Q. What about Tennessee?

Q. No, I understand that, and I appreciate your best efforts.

Q. Sir, thank you.

Q. And in just going back briefly to the issue of hot spots, do you -- do you recall conversations about Tennessee?

Q. What about Ohio?

Q. Now, with respect to Florida, what were your concerns about Florida?

Q. And was the concern that this would -- this would -- these products were essentially being diverted? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559113

Q. And you indicated that you went to Florida to make an assessment of these pharmacies and essentially determine if they were pill mills or not, is that fair?

Q. And what were the results of that assessment? Did you identify pill mills in Florida?

Q. In your opinion, were there a higher https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559115 number of pill mills in Florida than -- well, strike that. Based on your experience and in your opinion were there a higher number of pill mills in Florida than in other states?

Q. Would it be fair to say you identified a large number of pill mills in Florida?

Q. And would you agree that the pills that ended up with these pill mills in Florida -- well, strike that. The pills that went to these pill mills in Florida didn't always stay in Florida, did they?

Q. Do you recall ever being informed or contacted by law enforcement in other states indicating that they had -- they had possession of Mallinckrodt product from the illicit market and it appears that that product came from Florida?

Q. So that would be an example of pills traveling from Florida to Tennessee in the illicit market, is that fair?

Q. And there is nothing to prevent a pill that originally is shipped to Florida from being transported to Kentucky, is there?

Q. And were you aware that there were people coming into Florida from out of state for the express purpose of obtaining opioid products?

Q. And so DEA indicated to you that they were concerned that people were coming from out of state into Florida to obtain opioid products?

Q. And do you know where those placebos ultimately ended up? Do you know if they stayed in Florida or if they were distributed up and down the Eastern Seaboard? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559118

Q. So, Mr. Ratliff, I've handed you an exhibit. It is Bates numbered MNK-T 269884. It is at the very bottom. And could you review that Exhibit and let me know when you are ready?

Q. So this is an e-mail that you sent to Karen Harper on March 22nd, 2011. Do you recall sending this e-mail?

Q. And H.D. Smith was a Mallinckrodt customer?

Q. Now, do you see on the e-mail where it says: "H.D. Smith has suspended all sales of oxy 30s into Florida for the immediate future"?

Q. Do you have an understanding of why they did that?

Q. That -- that would be appreciated.

Q. And when you say, the owner said: You guys go down there, was he referring to his people or was he referring to Mallinckrodt or both?

Q. Okay. And do you see further on in the e-mail, it says: "He went on to explain, as he told us, that they do not sell to pain management clinics."

Q. Do you understand what the concern was with pain management clinics?

Q. And so you had a concern that the pain management clinics may have been overprescribing, is https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559121 that fair?

Q. Well, I understand that, but this e-mail indicates that you had -- well, this -- this e-mail indicates that the distributor had a concern with pain management clinics. And it sounds like you shared that concern, is that fair?

Q. Well, let me rephrase the question. Did you -- while employed at Mallinckrodt, did you share a concern regarding pain management clinics and the prescription of oxy 30s?

Q. And at the very bottom of the e-mail, do you see the sentence that says: "He concluded that if the pharmacies were filling too many scripts for pain management doctors or were uncooperative that they would no longer sell to that pharmacy"?

Q. Did you agree with that conclusion?

Q. But do you think that conclusion was a reasonable one for them to be making?

Q. And when you completed your review of your customers' customers, that confirmed that there was a problem with pain management doctors, isn't that correct?

Q. Do you recall when you first started reviewing your customers' customers?

Q. What prompted you to start looking at your customers' customers?

Q. No, I understand that, sir.

Q. Now, the -- your customers, the distributors, were also supposed to be vetting their customers, is that fair?

Q. Did you ever have concerns with the vetting process that your customers were using to vet their customers?

Q. You can answer.

Q. That -- the objection is preserved for the record.

Q. And can you describe those concerns?

Q. And do you recall any of the distribute -- strike that. Do you recall any of the distributors that you had concerns about?

Q. And do you recall any specific distributors, though, that you had concerns about their compliance?

Q. Do any -- do any names stand out for you?

Q. And would --

Q. And what distributor was this that we are talking about?

Q. Do you recall a distributor named "Sunrise"?

Q. And what do you recall about that distributor?

Q. And do you recall that Sunrise voluntarily surrendered its license to the DEA?

Q. Do you recall anything about Masters Pharmaceuticals?

Q. And what do you recall about that audit?

Q. Do you know if Masters had its license revoked by the DEA?

Q. And do you recall what information you sent to DEA about Masters Pharmaceuticals?

Q. What about Harvard, do you recall them as

Q. And what about KeySource?

Q. And do you recall if they lost their license to the DEA for Schedule II narcotics?

Q. Now, you indicated that you were the secure -- that you were the security director for Mallinckrodt, is that -- is that right?

Q. And so were you promoted into that position?

Q. And roughly when did you become the https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559130 security director for Tyco? And I understand that that -- this happened a while ago, so, you know, I'm not --

Q. -- I understand that --

Q. • -- yeah, you may not be exact.

Q. Sure. But the early 2000s, is that right?

Q. What were your responsibilities as security director for Mallinckrodt? I'm sorry. What were your responsibilities as security director for Tyco?

Q. And with respect to opioid products, what were your responsibilities, for the opioid products?

Q. And could you define diversion for me? What's your understanding of that term?

Q. So would the overprescription by a doctor constitute diversion in your opinion?

Q. But if a doctor is prescribing opioids for non-medically valid reasons, that would be an example of diversion?

Q. Well, what specifics would you need?

Q. But in the example you gave, the 90 tablets of 30 of oxy 30 for every patient he sees, in your -- in your view that would be an example of diversion?

Q. So it could be diversion?

Q. And the pill mills, the distribution of Mallinckrodt products by pill mills, that would be another example of diversion, would it not? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559133

Q. And so when you say your re -- one of your responsibilities was to prevent diversion, it was to prevent the pill mills from getting your product?

Q. But you had a responsibility to know your customers' customers, did you not?

Q. But at some point in time they did indicate to you that you should know your customers's customer, right?

Q. And at that point would you agree that you had an obligation to know your customer's customer?

Q. Because DEA indicated that you had that https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559136 responsibility, yes?

Q. So you indicated that, I think you just said: "We were going back to our distributors and telling them that we are not going to sell products to you that sell" -- "that you sell to these particular pharmacies"?

Q. So shouldn't the distributors have done that on their own?

Q. And do you recall how many distributors you went to to tell them: We are no longer going to essentially -- well, strike that. Do you recall how many distributors you went to and told them, You need to cut off these customers?

Q. And do you recall what -- what the case was that you testified on behalf of the DEA in?

Q. And you say you visited a total of 30 pharmacies, is that right?

Q. To the best of your recollection?

Q. But you and -- you and --

Q. -- two other forensic officers from --

Q. And with respect to those 30 pharmacies, do you have a rough estimate from how many you decided should not be receiving Mallinckrodt products? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559140

Q. Is it fair to say it's not that difficult to identify a pill mill if someone has your experience?

Q. And so when you visit a pharmacy to evaluate whether it's a pill mill or not, can you list for me the things that you look for?

Q. And these would -- these would all be indicators that it's a pill mill?

Q. And what else?

Q. Do you also look at the clientele of the pill mill?

Q. But you can see who is going in and out of the pharmacy?

Q. And if they are all young people, is that

Q. Do you look for out of plate license -- I'm sorry. Do you look for out-of-state license plates?

Q. So, Mr. Ratliff, as you've noted on several occasions, I am asking you questions about events that have occurred, you know, some years in the past, and I understand that. So I think what it makes sense to do is I'm going to start showing you documents that I think will help refresh your memory. You should review as much of the document as you need to be comfortable, but as some of these are, you know, several pages, I will probably -- well, I will direct you to certain portions that I am interested in. And, you know, as I said, you should -- you should review as much of the document as you feel is appropriate. So why don't we start with what I believe is going to be Exhibit 3. And I think the -- let's see. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559145 marked Mallinckrodt-Ratliff Deposition Exhibit No. 003, for identification, as of 12/19/2018.)

Q. And so I've handed you a document that's Bates numbered 388159, and it's a Mallinckrodt -- Mallinckrodt PowerPoint presentation. It's an Overview Presentation for New Employee Orientation. Do you recall this PowerPoint?

Q. And what do you recall about it? Well, strike that. Who did -- did you deliver this PowerPoint? Did you -- is this your PowerPoint presentation?

Q. But you were involved in preparing it, were you not?

Q. And so it's several pages. I would like to focus your attention on the two org charts that are https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559146 on Pages 3 and 4 of the PowerPoint.

Q. So the first is the power -- is an org chart for the Security Group Organization.

Q. Is that your organization? Or is that -- is that the organization you were working in, the department you were -- you were working in?

Q. And then if you put this up there, you'll see your name Corporate Security Director for Covidien?

Q. Who is John Griffin?

Q. And did you report directly to him?

Q. And how -- what was the nature of your communication? Did you provide monthly reports, or how did you communicate?

Q. And who is Jim O'Connor?

Q. And it's -- do you see where it says "Security Officers"?

Q. Who are those or what are those?

Q. And so we are talking physical security, is that correct?

Q. And then there are a number of people that are reporting to Jim O'Connor that are security monitors. Do you see that?

Q. What is a security monitor?

Q. Okay. And then if you turn the page over, it's going to be another org chart. It's a Controlled Substance Compliance Group Organization.

Q. So who is Karen Harper?

Q. And what did she do?

Q. And who was responsible for the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Were you involved in that as well?

Q. And what were your responsibilities with respect to the SOM program?

Q. So did you have sort of defined tasks that you were responsible for or was it primarily whatever Karen asked you to help her with?

Q. Were you involved in reviewing the policies that -- well, strike that. Were you involved in reviewing or revising suspicious order monitoring -- suspicious order monitoring program policies?

Q. And who is JoAnne Levy or JoAnne Levy?

Q. And what -- what did she do, what were her responsibilities?

Q. So I take it you didn't work directly with her?

Q. What about Eileen Spaulding, what did she do?

Q. And was Hobart your primary -- well, I'm sorry. Strike that. What was the -- what did the -- what function did the Hobart facility fulfill?

Q. And do you know who Carrie Johnson was?

Q. What about Mar- -- what about Mary Lewis?

Q. And I'm sorry. What was -- what function did the Webster Groves facility play?

Q. And do you know who Lee Nelson is?

Q. What were his responsibilities?

Q. And what about Wender -- Wendy Slaby or Slaby?

Q. And what about Christine Greg -- I'm sorry -- Christine -- Christie Kegg?

Q. But other than working for Karen, you don't know what their responsibilities were?

Q. And I take it you didn't work with either one of them?

Q. You can put that aside. Okay. So I'm going to give you another PowerPoint marked Exhibit 4. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt-Ratliff Deposition Exhibit No. 004, for identification, as of 12/19/2018.)

Q. And for this PowerPoint I'd like to direct your attention to Page 4 of it which has another organizational chart.

Q. Now, Mallinckrodt had a suspicious order monitoring program, did it not?

Q. And it was required to have this program by the applicable law and DEA regulations, is that correct?

Q. Can you look at this org chart and https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559153 identify for me all of the people that you believe were involved in that suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Well, there is a suspicious order monitoring program, and I'm -- I would like to figure out what employees were involved in implementing that -- well, either designing or implementing that program?

Q. Well, so, do you see Michael Pheney?

Q. What were his diversion control responsibilities?

Q. Well, how about Jim Rausch, do you see his name? He is underneath Michael.

Q. Well, why don't we do this --

Q. So what individuals on this org chart did you work with the in the context of the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Anyone else?

Q. So do you -- you don't recall ever working with Jim Rausch?

Q. Or communicated with him via e-mail?

Q. What about Cathy Stewart, do you recall working with her?

Q. But other than through her husband, do you recall working with Cathy Stewart in the context of the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Okay. Well, yeah, why don't -- why don't we do that then.

Q. So, this is an e-mail and an attachment with the Bates No. 448772, and the title of the attachment is the: "Oxycodone Extended Release RiskMAC" "RiskMAP Action Plan."

Q. Are you familiar with this RiskMAP action plan?

Q. If you could turn to Page 3 of the attachment. It says "Supplay" -- "Supply Chain & Security." And do you see your name identified for a number of these -- of these rows?

Q. So the first row is: "Provide notification to DEA of any confirmed diversion."

Q. Can you explain what -- what does that mean?

Q. And I'm sorry. Who should tell you?

Q. And then you would then report that to DEA?

Q. Do you recall any specific incidents of diversion while you were the security director?

Q. And the incident -- the incidents that you are describing, are they examples -- are they essentially examples of theft, someone walks off from the facility with -- with bottles of pills?

Q. The third row says: "Investigate" -- "Investigate abnormal orders." And it identifies Karen Harper and you as the point people. What did that entail?

Q. And roughly when did she work for you from, if you can recall?

Q. • And then was she promoted?

Q. • Do you know why they did that?

Q. Now, it says: "Investigate abnormal orders." What is an abnormal order?

Q. Are you familiar with the term "peculiar order"?

Q. Okay. What --

Q. And is there a difference between an abnormal order and a peculiar order or are they the same?

Q. What about a suspicious order?

Q. So an abnormal order -- I guess what I'm trying to understand is was there a difference with respect to Mallinckrodt's terminology between an abnormal order and a suspicious order?

Q. Now, can you turn to Page 5 of this attachment.

Q. It says "Pharmacovigilance, Surveillance & Epidemiology."

Q. It says "Pharmacovigilance, Surveillance & Epidemiology." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And the first row references: https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559161 "Receive, capture, and monitor adverse events." Do you know what an adverse event is?

Q. So I take it it wasn't -- you didn't -- you didn't ever identify or report an adverse event?

Q. Well, and so my question is, as you sit here today, do you have any recollection of what's an adverse -- what an adverse event means?

Q. Okay. Did you ever work with Maria Chianti -- Chianta?

Q. Well, sir, your name appears in this document. Did you -- did you review it?

Q. Well, going back to the supply chain and security, are -- are these tasks and responsibilities accurate?

Q. No. I'm talking about the ones that reference you.

Q. And then turning to Page 5, I'm just trying to understand what interaction, if any, you had with this group of people and the work they were doing. So this is now "Pharmacovigilance, Surveillance & Epidemiology." Do you see that?

Q. Are you familiar with the AERS database, that's A-E-R-S?

Q. And are you familiar with a RiskMAP report?

Q. Okay. What about one of the rows is: "Monitor longitudinal patient data for patterns of abuse." Was that something you were ever involved in?

Q. One of the rows indicates: "Monitor longitudinal patient data for patterns of abuse." Was that ever a task that you were https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559164 involved in?

Q. The next task is: "Issue 15-day alert report involving Oxycodone ER regardless of the outcome the following: All medication errors involving breaking, chewing, crushing, accidental overdoses, adverse events in children under 18." Is that a responsibility that you were ever involved in or a task that you were ever involved in?

Q. To be honest, sir, I don't know. I'm just reading them off of this.

Q. Well, and you don't have -- so you don't have any familiarity with the RiskMAP action plan?

Q. So you don't know if this was prepared specific -- strike that. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559165 You don't know if this was prepared specifically for oxycodone or whether this was prepared for all of their products?

Q. The e-mail is from Kimberly France to Kate Muhlenkamp. Do you know who Kimberly France is?

Q. What about Kate Muhlenkamp?

Q. So, Mr. Ratliff, I have handed you Exhibit 6, which is another PowerPoint. It is Bates No. 277066.

Q. And it is the: "Mallinckrodt Controlled Substance Suspicious Order Monitoring Program, Introductory Training for Field Sales." Are you familiar with this PowerPoint? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559166

Q. But would you have helped prepare this type of a PowerPoint?

Q. Would you have ever delivered this type of

Q. So directing your attention to Page 3.

Q. Page 3 of the PowerPoint.

Q. So it says: "Mallinckrodt Suspicious https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559167 Order Monitoring Procedure Team." Do you see that?

Q. And it identifies you as a member of this team. Is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And so -- well, strike that. Do you recall when this team was formed?

Q. Well, do you recall being involved in a suspicious order monitoring team while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So you don't recall -- well, you've indicated that you didn't work directly with JoAnne Levy. Do you recall working with John Adams?

Q. Okay. And we've -- you don't know who Kimberly France is. You know Karen Harper. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559168

Q. You don't know Michael Pheney, is that --

Q. Okay. But you don't recall working with him?

Q. Well, my question is a little more specific, sir. I'm talking about in the context of the suspicious order monitoring program for Mallinckrodt, do you recall working with Mr. Pheney?

Q. And we've already -- I think we've already gone over Mr. Rausch. And you don't recall working with him in the context of the SOM program, is that fair?

Q. Okay. Cathy Stewart you only know because her husband was a security officer, is that right?

Q. And did those interactions involve you, though?

Q. What about Susan Marlatt?

Q. And for the team advisors, do you know what role they played -- well, strike that. Do you recall ever interacting with Jerry Moss in the context of this SOM program?

Q. What about Jason Jones?

Q. Jeff Burd?

Q. Bob Lesnak?

Q. Okay. And we've covered Eileen Spaulding, right? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559170

Q. So we've got a suspicious order monitoring team, but you don't recall whether they had any meetings and you don't recall participating in any meetings, is that correct?

Q. But I understand that, sir.

Q. So, well, do you have any memory of what this team was supposed to do?

Q. Okay. So if you turn over the page, it is "DEA Policy on Suspicious Orders." Do you see that? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559171

Q. Okay. So according to this PowerPoint, DEA regulations "require registrants to design and operate a suspicious order identification system." Do you agree with this?

Q. And it "requires that registrants report suspicious orders to DEA when discovered through monitoring." Do you agree with that?

Q. The "registrant is reminded that their responsibility does not end merely with the filing of

Q. And what -- what do you interpret that to mean, that the responsibility does not end merely with the filing of a suspicious order report?

Q. So put another way, it is not sufficient to simply identify a suspicious order and then ship https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559172 the order, is that fair?

Q. So one of the consequences of this requirement is that it would not be adequate to simply identify a suspicious order to the DEA and then ship that order, is that cor- -- is that fair?

Q. Okay. And when it says "conduct an independent analysis of suspicious orders," what does it mean to conduct an independent analysis?

Q. And did you assist her in this independent analysis of suspicious orders?

Q. And what type of assistance did you provide?

Q. And Mallinckrodt had these obligations by virtue of the fact that it was a registrant under the Controlled Substances Act, is that correct?

Q. Now, the bottom bullet point is: "There are currently 1,288,992 DEA registrants, DEA must rely on the States and individual registrants to monitor." Would you agree with that statement?

Q. Well, if there are over a million DEA registrants, don't they -- doesn't DEA have to rely on these registrants to do their monitoring?

Q. How else would the system work if that -- if that wasn't the case?

Q. And when you say "there aren't that many," what you are saying is there are not -- there are not that many registrants, that you think this number is --

Q. But it's certainly fair to say that DEA was re -- was relying on Mallinckrodt to do its part to monitor suspicious orders?

Q. And then if you flip the page to Page 5.

Q. The first bullet point is: "Failure to https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559176 maintain effective div" -- "effective controls against diversion is inconsistent with the public interest." In other -- in other words, this is simply that Mallinckrodt has a duty to maintain effective controls against diversion, is that another way of saying this?

Q. Now, there is a letter that seems to be placed on the side. Do you see that? Or it is a picture of a letter. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And if you can make out the date, it's December 27, 2007?

Q. Okay. Is this the 2007 Rannazzisi letter?

Q. Fair enough. Do you recall Mr. Rannazzisi sending out a letter to registrants in 2007?

Q. Okay. What about sending out a letter in 2006?

Q. Okay. So Page 6 is: "Recent DEA Actions Involving Distributors." Do you see that?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt follow these DEA actions involving their distributors?

Q. Was Mallinckrodt concerned internally about the DEA actions involving distributors?

Q. Well, did the DEA actions involving the distributors raise any concerns at Mallinckrodt regarding either your SOM -- well, regarding your SOM program?

Q. Well, underneath the heading it says: "DEA suspends licenses of distributors for not maintaining effective controls against diversion of controlled substances." Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall what the DEA's concerns were with respect to the failure to maintain effective controls for these institutions?

Q. So, can you turn to Page 8 of this PowerPoint?

Q. And it says: "Revise Controlled Substance Suspicious Order Monitoring Procedure Highlights." Do you see that?

Q. Can you review that list for me and let me know when you are done?

Q. Is this an accurate description of your suspicious order monitoring procedure?

Q. And when was this procedure in effect from?

Q. When was this procedure in effect from, what time period did it cover, roughly?

Q. And do you know how far back it went?

Q. Do you recall it changing at some point in the future?

Q. Now, it says: "Security and DEA Compliance will work closely with the Business in reviewing peculiar orders and escalation to suspicious order status." Do you see that?

Q. And security would be you, is that right?

Q. What does it mean for security and DEA compliance to work closely with the business? Who is https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559181 the business?

Q. Okay. Though it says security and DEA Compliance, so both of you will work closely with the business, and so I'm asking from your standpoint as the security person --

Q. -- you know, what -- what -- how did you work with the business in reviewing peculiar orders and the escalation of suspicious orders?

Q. Okay. But my question relates to the bottom of the page. And I'm asking, you know, what is your understanding of how you were going to work with the business in reviewing peculiar orders and the escalation to suspicious order status?

Q. Okay. Now, the second part of that phrase, "reviewing peculiar orders and escalation to suspicious order status," what -- what does -- what do you interpret that to mean?

Q. So one of the items above, it says: "An algorithm is customized by customer category, class of trade." Do you see that?

Q. And do you have any recollection of a -- of an algorithm being used?

Q. But you don't recall anything about the algorithm, what it's components were or anything like that?

Q. Do you recall being asked to review https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559183 peculiar orders?

Q. Do you recall any instances in which -- when Harper shared concerns from business managers with you regarding suspicious orders?

Q. So turning to Page 9.

Q. It is a "Revised Controlled Substance Suspicious Order Customer Checklist."

Q. Do you have any recollection of a customer checklist?

Q. And what was -- what was -- who designed that checklist?

Q. Did you have any input into it?

Q. Okay. And underneath it says: "To be completed by Field Sales."

Q. And it says: "Know your customer is the goal." Is that accurate?

Q. So as of the tate -- date of this PowerPoint, which is June 5th, 2008, your understanding is that there was an obligation for Mallinckrodt to know its customer, is that -- is that accurate?

Q. And part of this form is a description of the neighborhood, requires an on-site visit, physical description of a facility or photos, and it includes a list of indicators. So, are those statements accurate with respect to what the information that was being collected by this customer checklist?

Q. And to be clear, this was an obligation that Mallinckrodt believed it had based on the applicable law, correct, this wasn't a voluntary endeavor?

Q. And what she believed was necessary to comply with your requirement or your obligation to maintain effective controls against diversion, correct?

Q. And in 2008, one of the ways you believed -- well, strike that. In 2008, one of the -- one of the factors that you believed would help you improve would be knowing your customer's customer, is that right?

Q. And why is it important to know the description of the neighborhood? I'm still on -- on Slide 9 on Page 9.

Q. But of what significance, why -- why does it help you in your analysis?

Q. And the line that says: "Requires on-site visit, inside and out," what is that in reference to?

Q. So prior to signing up a -- prior to signing up a customer, the salesperson was required to conduct an on-site visit?

Q. Prior to signing someone up, the salesperson was required to conduct an on-site visit?

Q. And the last line is: "Includes a list of https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559188 indicators that require further review by Security Director." Security director is you, is that right?

Q. Okay. And so what is a list of indicators that require further review?

Q. Okay. And you reference pharmacies. So we are talking about your customer's customer at this point, correct?

Q. And part -- and what these -- what these https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559189 bullet points are referencing, though, is it's an on-site visit to the pharmacy?

Q. You can answer.

Q. Okay. Thank you. You can put that aside.

Q. So this is an e-mail marked Bates No. 4211219, and at the very top is an e-mail from Karen Harper to you. Do you recall receiving this e-mail?

Q. But you don't have any doubt that you, in fact, did receive it? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559190

Q. Okay. And I'm going to -- my questions primarily relate to the attachment.

Q. Yes. This -- the e-mail and the attachment were forwarded to you on December 2007. That's what the top e-mail indicates. And my questions are going to primarily relate to this attachment.

Q. Well, the -- the very top e-mail --

Q. -- it's from Karen Harper and then "to", it is to Bill Ratliff. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And it's forwarding an e-mail with an attachment.

Q. Okay. Well, why -- why don't you review the attachment and then --

Q. -- I'll have questions to you about that?

Q. Yes. I'm saying that -- I'm saying that regardless of whether you received it or not, I -- I would like to ask you some questions about this attachment.

Q. Okay. So I guess my first question to you is prior to -- prior to today, do you recall ever reviewing this letter?

Q. Do you recall ever discussing this letter with anyone?

Q. Okay. Do you know who Joseph T. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559192 Rannazzisi is?

Q. Do you know him?

Q. Do you respect his views?

Q. Why not?

Q. So this letter starts at the beginning: "This letter is being sent to every commercial entity in the United States registered with the Drug Enforcement Administration to distribute controlled substances." So, that would include Mallinckrodt, would it -- would it not?

Q. Okay. Now, do you see in the middle of Page 2, and actually let me put this up on the Elmo if it helps you. Okay. So, do you see the sentence that I https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559193 am highlighting?

Q. Okay. So: "The DEA regulations require all distributors to report suspicious orders of controlled substances." And then underneath it there is the -- it is the cite to the reg -- to the regulations. And then it says -- can you read that for me, what I'm -- what I just highlighted?

Q. And this obligation applies to Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. And do you recall when -- when the statute was enacted?

Q. But whenever the effective date of this regulation is, it applies to all registrants, including Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Okay. And then can you read this section right underneath it?

Q. And you would agree that also applies to Mallinckrodt?

Q. Then on Page 3, it shows circumstances that may be indicative of diversion. Do you see that?

Q. And can you read the first one? It's https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559195 right underneath or right next to No. 1?

Q. And would you agree that that is a circumstance that would raise cause for concern?

Q. Is that a red flag, sir?

Q. Well, let me put it another way. The DEA is saying that "ordering excessive quantities of a limited variety of controlled substances," and then it gives examples of controlled substances, "while ordering few, if any, other drugs" is a red flag. Do you agree with that? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559196

Q. • And I'm asking you, sir, what do you believe?

Q. Well, but if -- if I -- if you were to change this statement to say: "Ordering excessive quantities of a limited variety of controlled substances while ordering few, if any, other drugs," would you agree with that statement?

Q. • Then can you read No. 2 for me?

Q. Do you agree with that statement?

Q. Okay. What about No. 3, can you please read that?

Q. And do you agree with that statement?

Q. Well, when you say you don't know what those are, you don't know what -- I take it you know what controlled substances means. Are you -- are you referring to the lifestyle drugs?

Q. Okay. Well, moving on to point 4 then.

Q. Can you read that?

Q. Do you agree that that is a red flag?

Q. Well, I understand that, but if you had that information, would that be a red flag to you?

Q. And then underneath that there is a list of -- well, can you review the list underneath that? It is another numeric list of one through ten.

Q. Okay. Are there any factors on this list of ten that you do not agree are a red flag?

Q. Okay. So why don't we try that then. Starting with No. 1: "What percentage of the pharmacy's business does dispensing controlled substances constitute?" Would you agree that that's a -- that's something Mal- -- would you agree that that's something that is -- well, strike that. Would you agree that that's a red flag?

Q. And I take it No. 2: "Is the pharmacy complying with the laws of every state in which it is dispensing controlled substances?" Clearly if it were not, that would be a red flag, is that correct?

Q. Well, for No. 3, it says: "Is the pharmacy soliciting buyers of controlled substances via the internet or is the pharmacy associated with an https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559201 internet site that solicits orders for controlled substances?" I mean, that -- that would seem to be one where you could both ask the pharmacy and go on the internet, right?

Q. Well, you could ask -- you could ask the pharmacy if they engage in that practice, though, right?

Q. Would it be worth it to ask them?

Q. Okay. Well, so let me take a step back https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559202 then. For these -- these ten items, these are all things that presumably the pharmacy would know, is that correct?

Q. Sure. They might not tell you that, but they can certainly provide -- some of these other categories they could provide that information, is that correct?

Q. And these are the types of questions, though, that distributors should be asking of their customers, is that correct?

Q. And you did it because you believed it would result in more effective diversion controls, is that correct?

Q. Yes, we are done with that.

Q. Okay. So this is another e-mail and attachment. The e-mail is Bates numbered 7146630. And my questions are going to relate to the attachment.

Q. Okay. So first in terms of establishing the -- the e-mail chain, the very top e-mail is an e-mail from Karen Harper to you, Mr. Ratliff. It's a 2/29/2008. Do you see that, sir?

Q. Okay. And it attaches -- it attaches a letter from the DEA dated December 27, 2007. Do you have any recollection of receiving this letter? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559206

Q. Okay. Do you recall ever discussing this letter with anyone?

Q. And so I've -- if you could read the portion of the letter towards the bottom that I'm going to highlight for ease of reference?

Q. Ah, yes, on the front page.

Q. Yes, it starts with "the size".

Q. And so you would agree that this is the https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559207 DEA's interpretation of a requirement that registrants are required to follow with respect to the size of an order?

Q. Is that correct?

Q. And turning to the back of the letter --

Q. -- the very top paragraph. Could you read that top paragraph, it is the first few sentences?

Q. Do you agree with that statement, sir?

Q. And substantively, though, do you agree that reliance on a rigid formula to define whether an https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559208 order is suspicious may -- may be failing to detect suspicious orders, do you agree with that as a matter of substance, sir?

Q. And I -- I understand that DEA is telling you that in this letter, but in terms of the substance of their concern, do you agree -- well, strike that. Would you agree that DEA's concern that reliance on rigid formulas to define whether an order is suspicious may be failing to detect suspicious orders is a valid concern?

Q. So you -- you think it would be fine to rely on a rigid formula?

Q. Well, but isn't DEA saying something separate, they are saying that if you are using a rigid formula to define whether an order is suspicious without taking a broader view or looking at more data, you may be failing to detect suspicious orders, isn't -- isn't that what DEA is saying in that -- in that first two -- the first couple of sentences?

Q. And so your interpretation of this letter, then, is that there is nothing wrong with a manufacturer relying on a rigid formula?

Q. Well, but the -- the -- the first page of the letter says, it says; "This letter is being sent" -- this is at the very top. "This letter is being sent to every entity in the United States registered with the Drug Enforcement Administration to manufacture or distribute controlled substances." https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559211 So this is going to every registrant --

Q. -- both manufacturers and distributors?

Q. And the statement above relating to rigid formulas, my question to you is: For a manufacturer like Mallinckrodt, is it okay for the manufacturer to rely on rigid formulas in light of this DEA letter?

Q. You were director of security, sir. You don't have any opinion --

Q. -- as to whether or not rigid formulas are appropriate with respect to detecting --

Q. -- suspicious orders?

Q. But you would -- you would agree that as of the date of this letter, which is December 2007, it was no longer appropriate to rely on a rigid formula in light of DEA's letter?

Q. Is that correct?

Q. Okay. And my question to you then, sir, is: As a manufacturer, when you read this letter, and you read that paragraph, and is it okay if you are a manufacturer to rely on a rigid formula for identifying suspicious orders?

Q. I understand that distributors may be doing something different or they may be differently situated, but with respect to a manufacturer, is it okay for a manufacturer like Mallinckrodt to rely on a rigid formula to define whether an order is suspicious?

Q. Well, I'm -- I'm not saying that's absolutely wrong, sir. I'm asking a slightly different question, which is going forward from 2007 onward -- I'm sorry -- going forward from December 2007 onward, was it acceptable to rely on a rigid formula? I'm not asking you about rigid formulas prior to December of 2007. I'm saying, after the date of this letter, would it be appropriate for a manufacturer to rely on a rigid formula in determining whether an order is suspicious?

Q. So your interpretation of this letter, I understand that you had a phone conversation with Pete Kleissle, but your interpretation of this letter and this paragraph is that this applies to distributors and not manufacturers, is that correct?

Q. But you don't have any reason to believe as you sit here today that you would have had a https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559216 different interpretation of this letter ten years ago?

Q. And what do you believe now, sir?

Q. So you can put that aside.

Q. So this is an e-mail chain from Karen Harper to you with the Bates No. 268860, and the bottom e-mail is an e-mail from you, Mr. Ratliff, to a number of people, cc'ing Karen Harper.

Q. So can you review the bottom e-mail, please?

Q. Okay. So, sir, can you read the top paragraph of your e-mail? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559217

Q. Okay. Thank you. So that is an e-mail that you sent to Jim Rausch, Michael Pheney and Cathy Stewart.

Q. Does this refresh your recollection as to what Jim Rausch -- the role Jim Rausch was playing in the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. I understand that. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559218

Q. And what you are referring to is Pete called you and said don't send him any more letters, is that correct?

Q. And what -- what were the letters that Jim was sending to Pete?

Q. Okay. And do you see this -- this sentence that I'm highlighting? Could you repeat that, please?

Q. Yes. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559219

Q. But he also says: "He advised that he needs more information that if it is suspicious, why are we filling the order." So doesn't that last phrase, "if it is suspicious why are we filling the order," suggest that https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559220 you were filling suspicious orders?

Q. Doesn't that phrase "if it is suspicious why are we filling the order," doesn't that suggest that you were filling suspicious orders and he is asking you why?

Q. And so that -- that phrase then is inaccurate?

Q. And when he says: "He stated, 'If you think it is suspicious, don't fill it,'" why would he -- why would he say that -- why would he say that https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559221 to you? And you have that in quotes, sir.

Q. Why would he say that to you if he didn't have a concern that you were filling suspicious orders?

Q. And what did he want you to do -- well, strike that. What were you doing that he had concerns about?

Q. And what did he want you to do instead then?

Q. So I want to make sure I understand what you mean by you say you were using an algorithm.

Q. So you were applying a formula to a group -- well, do you know if this algorithm was applied to all of the orders for your opioid products or only some?

Q. So Jim is running an algorithm on some population of orders?

Q. Sure. But he was clearly running them at

Q. Okay. So I understand that you are not sure whether it was all of them or some of them, but I guess my point is, regardless of whether it was all of the orders or some of the orders, he was running an algorithm on these orders and that -- that algorithm presumably identified various orders. Is that your understanding?

Q. Okay. So presumably after April of 2008 -- well, strike that. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559224 I take it you responded to his direction by stopping use of the algorithm, is that correct?

Q. Okay. And so what took its place? Instead of using an algorithm to identify suspicious orders, how did you identify them?

Q. And you reference in the second paragraph "Frank Sapienza"?

Q. Who is he?

Q. And the reference is, you have a call planned with Frank Sapienza on Friday "to strengthen our suspicious order monitoring system" -- I'm sorry -- "our suspicious order identification system." https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559225 Do you recall anything about that call with Frank?

Q. Do you have any recollection of how you were going to strengthen your suspicious order identification system?

Q. Who would have been in charge of that program -- of that project?

Q. Do you have any recollection of your involvement in that project as you sit here today?

Q. Okay. And when you say you will go into more detail on Friday, that's in the top paragraph, do you recall what any of those details were?

Q. So all you recall right -- all you recall https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559226 based on this e-mail today is that you received a call from Pete Kleis- -- from --

Q. -- from Pete Kleissle, and as a result you directed Jim to stop sending him letters and Mallinckrodt stopped using the algorithm. Is that accurate?

Q. So this is an e-mail from Karen Harper to you --

Q. -- dated March 3rd, 2008. It has got Bates No. 1308810. And the title of this e-mail -- the title of this e-mail is: "DEA Compliance Monthly https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559227 Highlights, February 2008." Do you see that, sir?

Q. Okay. Do you recall receiving -- do you re -- well, strike that. Were these e-mails that Karen sent out every month?

Q. And you are the only one that's receiving this e-mail. So why -- why is she sending this to you?

Q. Now, do you see the section marked "Suspicious Order Monitoring"?

Q. And I guess the second line of that says: "Further, the need for a comprehensive review and upgrade of our Suspicious Order Monitoring program has received elevated priority. A conference call on the matter with Corporate Logistics is scheduled for tomorrow." Do you -- do you see that?

Q. Let me -- let me highlight it for you.

Q. Okay. Do you -- is this -- do you agree with this statement? Meaning in March of 2008, do you recall there being -- do you recall the need for a comprehensive review and upgrade of your suspicious order monitoring program and do you recall it receiving elevated priority?

Q. But this references a comprehensive review and upgrade and it notes that that has received elevated priority.

Q. So that would -- that would suggest something other than sort of routine improvement, would it not?

Q. Well, sir, I don't want you to say anything. I'm just interested in what your recollection is and that's why we are going through these records.

Q. Okay. And do you have any recollection of what triggered this comprehensive review and upgrade?

Q. Okay. And the reference to "received elevated priority," do you know --

Q. Well, you indicated that Karen Harper at this time may have been working for you, is that right?

Q. But you don't recall any particular urgency in early 2008 regarding the upgrade and review https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559231 of your SOM program?

Q. Well, and the purpose of these documents is to see if they can refresh your recollection.

Q. So, do you recall any concerns that Mallinckrodt had in this time period, so early 2008, regarding its SOM program?

Q. Well, I understand that, sir.

Q. And my question to you is slightly different, which is do you recall any concerns at this time period, which would be March of 2008?

Q. Now, sir, you've repeatedly referenced that you were continuing to improve your program. What's the basis for that statement?

Q. And when did that occur?

Q. Other than knowing your customer's customer, what other steps did you take to improve and upgrade your program, which you said you were doing constantly?

Q. So that was -- that was the improvement, sir?

Q. And so when Karen is in March of 2008 https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559234 talking to -- talking about improving the program, your recollection is the component -- what she was -- well, strike that. Your recollection is that that improvement was knowing your customer's customer, is that correct?

Q. And what do you recall about the form? I mean, this is -- we've repeatedly discussed this form. What do you -- what do you recall about the form? Who did it go to, what did it ask for, what type of information was it trying to seek?

Q. We have -- well, we've seen several forms. They appear to be drafts. So, to be honest, I'm not -- I'm not sure.

Q. So as you sit here now, and we'll go through additional documents --

Q. -- but what is it you recall about this form?

Q. So this is an e-mail with several attachments, and why don't we start with the e-mail. So if you could review that and let me know when you are ready.

Q. Okay. So this is an e-mail from Karen Harper to you, Michael Pheney, Jim Rausch, Cathy Stewart, and Kimberly France.

Q. And it is dated April 10th, 2008. It's Bates number is 273902. And do you recall receiving this e-mail?

Q. Okay. Now, in this Karen is raising various questions regarding improvements to the suspicious order checklist. Is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And what -- what do you recall about what the suspicious order checklist was?

Q. Okay. Well, so why don't we look at some https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559237 of the attachments then, because I believe one of them is a -- a checklist.

Q. Actually, two of them are checklists.

Q. So the "Controlled Substance Order Checklist," that's the first attachment. Do you see that?

Q. And just so I understand how this checklist was used, this would be completed by the customer service representative. So this wasn't -- this wasn't part of the effort to know your customer's customer, was it?

Q. The next attachment is an overview of something called "The Integrichain Pilot Program." Do you see that? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559238

Q. Do you recall anything about The Integrichain Pilot Program?

Q. The very top paragraph, right underneath Background, could you read that for me, please?

Q. So recognizing that there appears to be a word missing, other than that, would you generally agree with that statement?

Q. Well, how about the sentence: "As a growing leader in the pain management category, Covidien has a social and business obligation to prevent abuse, diversion and theft" of something?

Q. Well, so what part of the obligation do you not agree with, because it says Covidien -- I mean, "As a growing leader in the pain management category, Covidien has a social and business obligation to prevent abuse." Do you agree that there is an obligation to prevent abuse if you are a manufacturer?

Q. Okay. So the manufacturer in your opinion does not have any obligation to prevent abuse?

Q. What's the difference between diver- -- diversion and abuse?

Q. Now, what you described, sir, is someone coming in with a script that they paid a doctor to obtain and then having it filled and then either taking the pills themselves or selling the pills. Isn't that what occurs at a pill mill?

Q. Isn't that what occurs at a pill mill, isn't that what happens with pill mills, people come in with scripts that are probably not legitimate, they obtain -- they obtain products and then those opioid products make their way into the illicit market?

Q. Isn't that the problem with the pill mill, sir?

Q. Okay. And you do have an obligation, your diversion obligation is to prevent your products from ending up in pill mills?

Q. But if you determined that a customer's customer was a pill mill, then you had an obligation to cut them -- to direct the distributor to cut them off, did you not?

Q. And then can you read the highlighted section in the paragraph underneath "Compliance Need: Simultaneous Abuse and Diversion Monitoring," please?

Q. Well, sir, to be honest, it is not clear who did write this.

Q. What I've got is the attachment to the e-mail.

Q. Well, procedurally speaking, there is a -- there are limits to how many of your questions I can answer, but --

Q. -- I'm comfortable saying I don't know who wrote this.

Q. And hence why I'm asking you about it.

Q. So focusing on that last sentence that you just read --

Q. -- "This is occurring at a time when prescription drug abuse, misuse, and diversion are increasing, which we anticipate will prompt the enactment of stricter monitoring requirements," is that an accurate statement in your opinion? And the date of this e-mail and presumably this attachment is going to be April of 2008.

Q. Well, is it fair to say that over your time at Mallinckrodt, which spanned from 2000 to 2012, https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559245 there was an increase in drug abuse, misuse and diversion, is that accurate?

Q. And did that prompt the enactment -- enactment of stricter monitoring requirements, sir?

Q. Do you know if this pilot program was ever implemented, this Integrichain Pilot Program?

Q. Are you familiar with 852 sales data?

Q. What about 867 sales data?

Q. No, it's -- it's not going to be present here. I'm just asking if you are familiar with it?

Q. Now, after the Integrichain overview, there is this "New Customer Checklist."

Q. Now, you'll -- do you recall that we were discussing a form, you know, probably ten minutes ago?

Q. So is -- is this the form that you were referencing with respect to -- to the form to help you know your customer's customer?

Q. And would you have been involved in developing this form?

Q. Do you recall ever reviewing this form when it was filled out?

Q. And what did you review it for? What was the purpose of your review?

Q. And can you walk me through how this, how the information in this form would have helped you determine whether a -- well, strike that.

Q. Yeah, it's -- it is in the back of your -- https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559248 it is towards the end of --

Q. Understood. Would you -- do you recall ever reviewing this particular form, though, when it was filled out?

Q. Now, the next attachment, and it is Bates No. 273908, it's a "Controlled Substance Suspicious Monitoring" and it is a "DEA Compliance Procedure." This appears to be on a standardized form. Is that -- is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And the originator is Karen Harper. What -- what is this form, what is its function? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559249

Q. Let me put that another way. How did -- how did Mallinckrodt use these types of forms internally? Is this a formal policy document or -- I'm trying to understand what I'm looking at?

Q. Now, on the back page it has responsibilities and then it identifies various departments. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So you've got the "Customer Data Integrity Group. Perform Dun & Bradstreet information check on new controlled" -- well, actually, strike that. Can you review this and let me know if you recall this process ever being implemented? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559250

Q. You can't remember it.

Q. Now, with respect to security director, that would have been you, is that correct?

Q. Do you recall if -- if this was an accurate description of your -- of your role in 2008?

Q. So this is an e-mail from Karen Harper to you. It is entitled "DEA Compliance Monthly Report, May 2008," and it has a Bates number of 2908468. And I only want to ask you about two things, the regulatory interpretations and the suspicious order -- well, it says "Suspicious Order Mentoring." I suspect that may be a typo. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559251

Q. Okay. The one up top saying "Suspicious Order Mentoring."

Q. Okay. So it says under Suspicious Order Mentoring, I think that means monitoring: "The team continues work and three meetings were held in May." Is the -- is the reference to the team the SOM team?

Q. Okay. And I take it you don't recall anything about meetings being held in May on suspicious order monitoring or mentoring?

Q. Okay. Now, the next sentence references

Q. So, do you have any recollection of a subcommittee?

Q. Now, the -- the -- this is dated June of 2008 and it's referencing work on algorithms which will be used to screen orders of unusual quantity, frequency and pattern. So if you will recall in April of 2008 you had a conversation with Pete Kleissle. Do you recall that?

Q. And the upshot of that conversation is that you were to stop -- well, Jim Rausch was to stop sending him letters and using that algorithm?

Q. And so do you have any recollection of whether the algorithm was changed or modified over https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559253 time?

Q. And actually, you don't -- you don't recall whether the algorithm was still being used after April of 2008?

Q. Going to "Regulatory Interpretations" -

Q. -- it says -- can you read that first sentence?

Q. Do you know what that is in reference to?

Q. That's all for that.

Q. So the questions I have for you, sir, relate to the back page under "Ongoing Projects," and in particular it is the second bullet point.

Q. Yes. The one that I'll -- I'll highlight it here. Do you see that highlighted section, sir?

Q. Now, the first sentence references "HDMA Industry Guidance." Do you know what that -- what is HDMA Industry Guidance?

Q. It also references: "One significant gap will be worked wherein HDMA suggests that the customer fills out the information gathering document regarding business background, customer base, state and federal license, and signs and notarizes the statement." Do you see that statement?

Q. Do you know what that is in reference to? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559255

Q. Okay. Were you -- do you recall ever becoming aware of a significant gap in the program?

Q. The second line from the bottom, it says, "Further, HDMA endorses an electronic order monitoring system and we need to determine status " Well, do you know what HDMA is?

Q. Okay. And do you know -- do you have any recollection of an electronic order monitoring system?

Q. And the last sentence says: "More work on suspicious order monitoring program will be on the agenda for January."

Q. So based on the document, sir, it appears that Mallinckrodt was working on its suspicious order monitoring program since early 2008 until early 2009. Is that accurate?

Q. But do you have any recollection of when the enhanced or new suspicious order monitoring program was implemented?

Q. But you don't -- you are not aware or familiar with any of the details of that SOM program as you sit here today?

Q. You are not aware or familiar with any of the details of that SOM program as you sit here today?

Q. No. I'm asking -- I'm asking about the specifics of its implementation. Do you know whether there was an algorithm in effect? Do you know when the customer checklist was rolled out?

Q. I take it -- I mean, you don't -- you don't recall any of those details?

Q. So your basis for saying that there was always some type of program in effect is what? Is it your general recollection or --

Q. -- why would you say that?

Q. So if I wanted to determine what this -- what's this -- what suspicious order monitoring program was in effect, say, in July of 2008, where would I go -- how would I do that?

Q. Okay. Is there any formal document that you are aware of that would tell me, you know, this is

Q. That's okay.

Q. So if you got a new president of specialty generics and he wanted to know -- he comes in in August of 2008 and he wants to know what your SOM program is, I take it he would have gone to Karen Harper, is that how he would have learned about it or --

Q. But there is -- there is -- to the best of your knowledge, there is no archive that has, you know, this -- on this date this program was in fect -- was in effect?

Q. So this is an e-mail chain between you and Karen Harper.

Q. And its Bates number is 283602. And you'll note that at the top there is a discussion of, you know, flooring installation, and I don't have any questions about that.

Q. But I do have questions about the e-mail below that and then the e-mail below that. So if you can review that and the e-mail on the back of the page. Let me know when you are done.

Q. Okay. And so this e-mail, the very bottom e-mail, can you please read that? It is not very long.

Q. Oh, no, I'm sorry. I meant the full e-mail on 283603, so the back of the page.

Q. So what -- what is -- can you explain what's being -- well, strike that. Who is Matt Harbaugh and who is David Silver or who are?

Q. And David Silver was a VP at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And you are discussing -- you're -- well, what -- what are you discussing in this e-mail?

Q. And why would that have been a good test of their legitimacy?

Q. Hydromorphone -- hydromorphone is a pain medication?

Q. So all three of those are pain medications, aren't they?

Q. Okay. Well, why don't --

Q. Why don't we look at the e-mail above that from Karen Harper to you.

Q. So based on this e-mail, Karen agrees or I guess endorses the idea of looking at drug combination purchase patterns?

Q. Why -- why -- why would looking at drug combination purchase patterns be helpful?

Q. Well, and how -- how would -- how would looking at the drug combination purchase pattern help you determine the legitimacy of the pharmacy? Is it -- is it if they are only purchasing oxycodone, that's a red flag, is that what this is about?

Q. Now, then, your e-mail above is: "Thanks, I believe David was" -- "David was thinking more in line with pain relievers that are not as addictive, as opposed to only ordering those that are." Do you have -- do you have any recollection of what you meant by that statement?

Q. Do you recall at a time in the context of your "know your customer's customer push" that you started looking at drug combination purchase patterns?

Q. Would you agree, though, that if you had

Q. So, I have another e-mail for you, Mr. Ratliff. It is an e-mail from Karen Harper to a woman named Kerry Hamilton at DOJ, cc'ing you, and the Bates number is 387492. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559265 (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt-Ratliff Deposition Exhibit No. 015, for identification, as of 12/19/2018.) BY

Q. Okay. First, do you -- well, this is an e-mail from Karen Harper to Ms. Hamilton and cc'ing you and it is dated 11/2010. The top -- the first sentence of the e-mail references "information that Mallinckrodt presented yesterday to DEA offices in St. Louis and Albany, New York." Do you have any recollection of those meetings?

Q. And do you recall speaking to her?

Q. And do you recall meeting with her https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559266 regarding chargeback data?

Q. Sure. So it may have been a conference call, but regardless of --

Q. -- whether it was either a telephonic meeting or an actual meeting, is that --

Q. What is your understanding of Mallinckrodt's chargeback data?

Q. So do you see the -- the portions that I've highlighted -- well, first, is this general https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559267 description accurate or do you -- do you believe it's not accurate?

Q. Okay. And then the highlighted -- could you please read the highlighted sections of the e-mail?

Q. And do you believe that that is consistent with your understanding about Mallinckrodt's chargeback data?

Q. Okay. And then the last sentence, let me highlight that. Okay. Can you please read that sentence? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559268

Q. And you have no reason to disagree with Ms. Harper on this, do you?

Q. Okay. How was chargeback data being used in the context of knowing your customer's customer, sir?

Q. And this e-mail indicates that by at least 11/2010, Mallinckrodt was using the chargeback data?

Q. And from a diversion control standpoint, what did the chargeback data help you do, what information did it provide? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559269

Q. And it also indicated how much they were purchasing from that distributor, correct? Meaning it wasn't just -- it not only identified the customer, it also identified the volume of product?

Q. Mr. Ratliff, I understand that this e-mail is fairly lengthy, so I'm going to question you on the first three pages. So Bates range 571 to 573, if that helps your review.

Q. Well, why don't we look at the e-mail that spans Pages 572 to 573.

Q. Okay. And so the e-mail -- the e-mail is about Mallinckrodt customer Harvard Drug. Do you recall anything about that customer?

Q. Okay. Now, the e-mail also references an impromptu meeting following a site visit on July 21st, 2010.

Q. Do you recall being present at that meeting?

Q. Okay. Then can you read that sentence starting from "within" that I've highlighted on my copy of the document?

Q. Okay. Thank you. So is it fair to say that as of July 2010, the DEA was indicating that it believed you should https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559272 know your customer's customer?

Q. And do you recall anything about pain -- being informed that pain clinics were reestablishing their businesses in Georgia, Ohio and Texas?

Q. And then turning the page, could you please read the -- what I have highlighted under Action Plan?

Q. Okay. And the reference to the "team," was that the suspicious order monitoring team?

Q. Okay. And so in re -- in response to DEA's -- in response to DEA's direction that Mallinckrodt and other manufacturers need to start https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559273 knowing their customer's customer, Mallinckrodt's response, and I'm not saying this is a complete response, but a part of Mallinckrodt's response was to start relying on chargeback data. Is that accurate?

Q. Okay. Thank you.

Q. Yes, that's all on that document. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt-Ratliff Deposition Exhibit No. 017, for identification, as of 12/19/2018.)

Q. So this is a PowerPoint, Bates numbered 496098, and I'm only going to ask you about certain pages, but looking at the cover page, it is the Mallinckrodt Controlled Substance Suspicious Order Monitoring Program, Presentation for Marketing Group, March 21st, 2011. Do you have any recollection of this PowerPoint?

Q. Okay. Would this PowerPoint have been put https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559274 together by the compliance department?

Q. And it is a presentation for the marketing group. Do you know why that they -- why the compliance department or why -- well, strike that. Do you know why the marketing group would be receiving a presentation on Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. And directing your attention to, I believe it's Page 14 of this PowerPoint.

Q. And it has information relating to Harvard Drugs and Sunrise Distributors.

Q. Do you see that? Do you know why this information would be conveyed to the marketing department -- well, strike that. What is -- what is the -- what is the substance of the information in this PowerPoint regarding Harvard Drug and Sunrise Distributors? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559275

Q. And with respect to Sunrise, it says: "License voluntarily surrendered." What does that mean to you?

Q. Which means that after they voluntarily surrender their license, that -- that is a -- I guess

Q. But if it were for failure to maintain effective diversion controls, that voluntarily -- that -- I'm sorry -- that voluntary surrender would likely be permanent, would it not? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559276

Q. To your knowledge, did Sunrise ever get its license back?

Q. Directing your attention to Page 15.

Q. Can you please read -- could you please read the statements under the DEA St. Louis Conversation?

Q. Okay. So much of that is consistent with the e-mail that we -- that we viewed previously?

Q. Do you ever recall being informed that https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559277 Mallinckrodt was viewed as the kingpin within the drug cartel with reference to Harvard?

Q. And what do you recall about that discussion or conversation?

Q. And to be clear, the entity that was making the statement, though, was the Drug Enforcement Administration, is that correct?

Q. And what's meant by "plain" -- "pain clinic undercover operations reveal a cattle call scenario"? Do you know what that means?

Q. No. We are done with that document.

Q. Yeah, so this is an e-mail chain between you and Karen Harper among other people. It's Bates number is 419903.

Q. So directing your attention to the bottom e-mail from Karen Harper to you and others.

Q. It states: "On 4/23/08, I attended a meeting of the Midwest Controlled Substance Discussion Group in Chicago. Among the agenda items was suspicious order monitoring." Do you recall whether you attended that meeting as well?

Q. What was the Midwest Controlled Substance https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559279 Discussion Group?

Q. And can you read this highlighted section for me, please?

Q. Okay. And can you also read what's underneath it?

Q. And so those suggestions, particularly the "close scrutiny of small independent pharmacies" and the "close scrutiny of pain management clinics," that would be consistent with knowing your customer's customer, would it not?

Q. But as a -- as a general -- I mean, well, from your standpoint in terms of the enhancements that Mallinckrodt is seeking to make to its suspicious order monitoring program, that -- those types of enhancements, the close scrutiny of small independent pharmacies and close scrutiny of pain management clinics, were things that Mallinckrodt was undertaking, is that correct?

Q. Well, I don't know that -- I'm not sure that that is what that's saying. I think what it's saying is: On-site visits of all controlled substance customers, and you've indicated that that's --

Q. -- that that may not be feasible. But close scrutiny of small, independent pharmacies, that -- that is something that a manufacturer could do, could it not, and isn't that what Mallinckrodt was doing?

Q. No, I understand that.

Q. But the suggestions for close scrutiny of small, independent pharmacies and close scrutiny of pain management clinics, those were suggestions that https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559283 Mallinckrodt agreed with, did it not?

Q. Isn't that --

Q. Well --

Q. Well, isn't that part of knowing your customer's customer though?

Q. But looking at your customer's customer, meaning those customers of the customer of Mallinckrodt, looking at that universe, it would make sense to scrutinize small, independent pharmacies, would it not?

Q. But if you had a way to screen the small, independent pharmacies and prioritize certain ones, then it would make sense to focus on those, would it not?

Q. But some of them would be in the chargeback system, correct?

Q. And what about pain management clinics, I mean, that was -- that was an area that Mallinckrodt scrutinized, did it not?

Q. But in certain instances don't pain management clinics dispense opioid products strictly https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559286 in Florida?

Q. And when you say, "The ones that I looked at were writing scripts," those -- did you -- those were the pain management clinics that you looked at?

Q. Then what -- what's the reference to "ones," what were you looking at?

Q. Okay. And so you didn't look at the pain management clinics, you just looked at the pharmacies?

Q. And to the degree the pharmacy was https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559287 affiliated with the pain management clinic or the pain management clinic opened up a pharmacy, then you would look at them as well, correct?

Q. Did you ever encounter a situation where a pain management clinic had a pharmaceutical license that was giving out drugs to its patients?

Q. Or in your experience working for Mallinckrodt as the director of security?

Q. Now, the paragraph above where it says: "Advice from DEA that sus"- -- "that the Suspicious Order Monitoring program should allow DEA registrants to 'know their customer' and compare that activity to

Q. No, I'm aware of that.

Q. But if you were to translate that, for example, on a certain threshold of pills, that is something that chargeback data could have given you insight into?

Q. Okay. Well, putting -- okay. Putting aside this e-mail, sir --

Q. Putting aside this e-mail.

Q. So putting this e-mail aside.

Q. The volume of oxy co -- of oxy 30s that your customer's customer was obtaining from its distributor, that was relevant information that Mallinckrodt would pay attention to, would it not?

Q. Okay. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt-Ratliff Deposition Exhibit No. 019, for identification, as of 12/19/2018.)

Q. So this is an e-mail chain with Bates No. 274608, and the bottom e-mail includes you, the top e-mail does not. But the bottom e-mail includes https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559290

Q. The bottom e-mail from Karen Harper to JoAnne Levy, cc'ing various people, including you --

Q. -- contains an agenda for a meeting with DEA in Washington, D.C. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And for Mallinckrodt attendees, you are listed as an attendee. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And do you also see under Presentation by Mallinckrodt to include, it says: "Suspicious Order Monitoring Initiative." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall attending a meeting in August at DEA offices in Washington, D.C.?

Q. Well, do you generally recall anything https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559291 about a meeting in that timeframe?

Q. And who is Michael Morley?

Q. Okay. And do you recall anything about the suspicious order monitoring initiative that was the subject of a presentation by Mallinckrodt?

Q. How often did you have meetings at -- https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559292 well, the DEA headquarters are in Arlington, Virginia?

Q. How often would you have meetings at DEA headquarters?

Q. Now, the fact the attendees include Charles Bramlage, president of Pharmaceutical Products, right?

Q. And it includes the vice president JoAnne Levy?

Q. I mean, this would -- the attendance list would suggest this was an import -- important meeting, would it not?

Q. Do you know who Patricia Woz -- Woznick was?

Q. So if I wanted to find out more about this meeting, who would I talk to?

Q. That would be Karen Harper?

Q. Okay. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt-Ratliff Deposition Exhibit No. 020, for identification, as of 12/19/2018.)

Q. So this is an e-mail from Karen Harper to you and Eileen Spaulding. Its Bates number is 421973, https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559294 and the attachment is meeting notes from a meeting at DEA St. Louis in November of 2010. Do you see that, sir?

Q. Now, if you look at the attachment which are the meeting notes.

Q. It says: "Representing Mallinckrodt." It identifies you and Karen Harper.

Q. Do you have any recollection of this meeting, sir?

Q. Okay. What do you recall about it?

Q. Okay. Now, the second paragraph down from "General Feedback From St. Louis." Okay. So can you read that highlighted paragraph for me, please?

Q. Do you recall that conversation from that meeting, sir?

Q. Well, what is -- who is the DPM?

Q. And you believe that DEA would be in a position to know whether a program was good or not, right?

Q. Okay. But do you have -- you don't have any recollection of DEA indicating that they had been ineffective at stopping illicit sales of oxy 15 and 30-milligram tablets?

Q. So did Mallinckrodt pay -- start paying particular attention to oxy 15 and oxy 30 shipments as

Q. You were always concerned about the shipment of oxy 15 and oxy 30?

Q. Now, do you see the bottom paragraph that says: "DEA had positive comments about Mallinckrodt retaining Howard Davis"?

Q. Who is Howard Davis?

Q. And I'm sorry. You indicated that you were disappointed in him?

Q. And so you were looking for him to substantively change the program or -- I'm not clear on exactly why you were disappointed in him?

Q. And he was a DPM, right?

Q. So he was the same level as Scott Collier?

Q. Okay. So he had a very high level of expertise, did he not?

Q. And you ultimately recommended him to another manufacturer in St. Louis?

Q. Yes. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt-Ratliff https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559300 Deposition Exhibit No. 021, for identification, as of 12/19/2018.) BY

Q. Let's see. Actually, why don't we focus on the attachment. So that's -- this document is Bates No. 471744 and the attachment is Bates No. 471750.

Q. So this is an agenda from an August 23rd, 2011, meeting between you and the DEA at DEA headquarters.

Q. And do you see under Expected Attendees that you are listed as an expected attendee?

Q. Do you recall attending this meeting?

Q. And what do you recall about this meeting?

Q. Now, prior to this meeting, though, you had received indications that DEA expected you to know your customer's customer, had you not?

Q. Do you recall any of the distributors that were specifically discussed at this meeting?

Q. And who were they?

Q. And so that would be?

Q. And did the DEA have concerns about these distributors? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559302

Q. And you say that -- I believe you said that the DEA provided specific information about these distributors. Is that accurate or did I misunderstand you?

Q. And did they identify the -- or strike that. Did they identify specific customers' customers that you should be looking at?

Q. They just indicated that if they were you, they would scrutinize the customers' customers of these three -- these big three distributors?

Q. And you indicated that when you went to Florida, you and two other forensic analysts looked at 30 pharmacies, is that accurate?

Q. Did that list of 30 pharmacies come from this meeting or did you generate that independently?

Q. Now, when you say you used the information https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559304 that we possessed, are you referring to the chargeback information, is that correct?

Q. Do you know how long Mallinckrodt has been collecting chargeback information for?

Q. Do you know if they had it in 2000?

Q. But assuming this chargeback information was available, you could have done this analysis earlier?

Q. It theoretically would have been possible?

Q. And to be clear --

Q. To be clear, when you say "they were protecting confidential information," they were protecting confidential information within the company; in other words, they were protecting confidential information from you and Karen Harper, is that what you are saying?

Q. But prior to 2011, the fact remains that you and Karen Harper were not deemed to need to know this information?

Q. Correct?

Q. So, I mean -- so, are we talking about 2008, 2009 --

Q. -- roughly when?

Q. I mean, clearly 2011, you had access to it before 2011?

Q. But you don't have any idea how long before then?

Q. And who made the decision to allow you to have access to this chargeback information?

Q. Did Karen Harper make that decision?

Q. So who would have had the authority then? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559308

Q. Well, the people -- I mean, the people ahead of you and Karen Harper would have been the vice presidents, or I'm just trying to now understand Mallinckrodt's corporate structure?

Q. And you have no i- -- you don't have any recollection of when you found out about it, or do you recall how you found out about it?

Q. But this could have been in 2005, this could have been in 2007, this could have been in 2009, you just don't know?

Q. If I wanted to find out the answer to this, who would I ask?

Q. And so in terms of your access to the chargeback information, did you have direct access or did you make a request of someone and they provided you with the data?

Q. Now, you indicated at some point that Mallinckrodt started using chargeback data in its suspicious order monitoring program, right?

Q. So at that point who had access to this information?

Q. Oh, I understand that. But we're talking about highly sensitive information. And so you had access to it, Karen Harper had access to it, so --

Q. But you didn't have direct access?

Q. So Karen -- Karen Harper either had direct access or could get it from someone?

Q. Okay. And she would provide that to you. Did the -- https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559311

Q. Understood. Did the national account managers have access to this information via Karen Harper?

Q. So you've indicated that you do recall this August 2011 meeting. Do you have any specific memories of any other meetings with DEA, or is it this one and then you recalled the other one in St. Louis from I believe 2010?

Q. Do you recall the issue?

Q. Do you recall roughly when this occurred?

Q. And the plant manager would have been who?

Q. Okay. And I take if you don't recall the https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559312 last name?

Q. Fair enough. But at some point you, Karen Harper and Paul were -- I assume DEA summoned you. Would they -- do you know if they summoned you to their St. Louis office or --

Q. Okay. So you were summoned to DC?

Q. Okay. Do you recall if it had anything to do with diversion?

Q. Would you describe the August 2011 meeting as an unpleasant one?

Q. Okay. Why was it unpleasant to you?

Q. And it's fair to say then that they were very concerned, DEA was?

Q. Now, you indicated that you took this as unpleasant but other people might not have. Do you have any -- do you have anyone in mind? I mean, do you know if Karen also took this meeting as an unpleasant one?

Q. Do you know if Karen was concerned about this?

Q. And you were concerned enough to get on a plane the next day, is that correct?

Q. I'm sorry.

Q. Yeah, you left earlier?

Q. And you flew to Florida from DC or did you https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559315 fly first to St. Louis and then to Florida?

Q. Okay. So within 24 hours of this DEA meeting, you were on a -- 48 hours your were on plane going to --

Q. Okay. Do you know what a 222 form is?

Q. Yeah. And so Mal- -- I'm just trying to understand the mechanics. Mallinckrodt would receive this form along with the order request from its customer?

Q. Okay. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt-Ratliff Deposition Exhibit No. 022, for identification, as of 12/19/2018.)

Q. So, directing your attention to the, I guess the second page that says "Agenda," it says: "Introduction - Bill Ratliff, Director" -- "Director Security Tyco Healthcare." Do you see that?

Q. So did you present this PowerPoint?

Q. Okay. Did you help --

Q. So you weren't -- you weren't involved in the preparation of this PowerPoint --

Q. -- to your recollection?

Q. And so if you count backwards, right before the slide that says "Almost Over," you've got this slide right here. So it is almost at the very end.

Q. And so this is a presentation that -- well, strike that. Do you see how it says: "Refer any phone calls to me concerning"?

Q. The top line says: "Refer any phone calls to me concerning," and then it lists various items?

Q. Okay. So "Almost Over," it is going to be the page right before.

Q. Yeah, "Refer any phone calls to me concerning." Do you know who the "me" is, is that --

Q. Okay. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt-Ratliff Deposition Exhibit No. 023, for https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559318 identification, as of 12/19/2018.)

Q. So this is an e-mail from Karen Harper to you and others. It is dated June 6th, 2008, and it is 419956.

Q. If I could direct your attention to the highlighted portion of this e-mail. Can you please read that for me?

Q. Would you agree with that statement?

Q. But you don't have any -- you don't have any understanding of what this statement is referring to or the requirement it is talking about?

Q. But your understanding is that provided that the customer had a current DEA registration and it had a -- and it provided a 222 form, then its orders were not suspicious -- were I guess de facto not suspicious?

Q. Okay. But your -- your understanding with https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559320 respect to the DEA registration status and the 222 form is that if you have those two items, then your order is -- you -- your order is -- is automatically not suspicious or it's not suspicious?

Q. So even if you have the registration status and a valid 222 form, that's not the end of the inquiry, is that your understanding?

Q. So if I were to say -- if DEA were to contact me and say we think this order is suspicious and I were to tell them, No, I checked the registration status and I got a 222 form that I verified, that would not be adequate as a matter of compliance?

Q. But it would not be proper to just rely solely on the registration status and the 222 form in determining whether or not to ship an order?

Q. No. So I wanted to direct your attention to the middle e-mail first. It is from Jim Rausch to Karen Harper, cc'ing George Saffold. Do you know who Mr. Saffold is?

Q. Okay. And then can you read that sentence that I highlighted? And I understand you didn't https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559322 receive this.

Q. Again, the next sentence is?

Q. Okay. So, were you aware that Mr. Rausch was not holding orders up while he was conducting his due diligence on them?

Q. Okay. If you had known that that was what he was doing, would you have been concerned?

Q. And his boss would -- who would Jim's boss have been?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. All right. I'm sorry. Karen's -- Karen Harper's e-mail at the very top, could you read the -- what she is saying, the highlighted sentence?

Q. Do you know who Tim Wright is?

Q. And Karen is referencing a discussion, but you weren't -- you weren't part of that discussion?

Q. And you don't have -- you don't have any opinion on this practice as you sit here today?

Q. Okay. Oh, I'm sorry. I just -- I just have two more questions.

Q. Yes, on that e-mail, so if you can look at it. The top e-mail on the back page, so that would be Bates number 264413, that's from Jim Rausch to Karen Harper again.

Q. Can you read that e-mail from Jim?

Q. Do you know what the reference to time constraints means?

Q. Okay. And Jim --

Q. And your understanding of -- or your recollection of Jim's role is that he was reviewing peculiar orders. Is that accurate?

Q. Okay. Do you know if he was the only one that was running checks on peculiar orders?

Q. So this is a document Bates numbered 307322. It's entitled "Global Controlled Substance Compliance Procedure," and the subject is "Suspicious Order Monitoring Customer Audit Program."

Q. Mr. Ratliff, were you involved with this, in the customer audit program?

Q. And what was your role in it?

Q. And by "assisting," what do you mean by that?

Q. And what did you look for when you were conducting the audits?

Q. What was the information that was contained in these books?

Q. • And the revision date is 1/04/2011. Do you recall when you started conducting these audits?

Q. Do you have a rough sense of how far before 2011 these started?

Q. And do you recall who was being audited? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559328

Q. And how were you identifying which distributors to audit?

Q. Okay. And do you recall how often a distributor was audited, were they put on a cycle or was it based on some other metric?

Q. Do you recall any distributors that failed their audits?

Q. And do you see Point 5 on Page 307323? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559329

Q. It says: "In conjunction with Security, notifies DEA in the event of adverse audit findings." Do you recall doing that?

Q. But do you have -- do you have -- well, with respect to the -- with respect to the audits where there were issues with the distributor, and I -- I believe you -- you think there were two of them that you can recall, or is that number wrong?

Q. Now, you don't know if those results were communicated -- were communicated to DEA?

Q. Well, let me rephrase that. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559330 You weren't involved in communicating those results to DEA?

Q. Okay. Do you have any specific recollection or knowledge of Karen Harper doing so?

Q. Okay. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt-Ratliff Deposition Exhibit No. 026, for identification, as of 12/19/2018.)

Q. So this is a document entitled "Pharmacy Information Sheet." It's Bates number is 570903.

Q. Do you recognize this form?

Q. What is it?

Q. Understood.

Q. And so at the very bottom, do you see a reference to "Suzanne Pea deactivated as customer on" and then there is a blank. Who was Suzanne Pea?

Q. Now, at the very top it says: "If sales of controlled substances restricted, effective date of restriction: 10/5/11." Do you see that?

Q. At the very top under "Current Status: Sales of controlled substances restricted."

Q. So as of 10/5/11, that's when the restriction was imposed on Gulf Coast Medical Pharmacy?

Q. And then do you see that -- that the information under Statistics? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559332

Q. Can you review that?

Q. And so the percentage of controlled substances versus non-controlled substances was 90 to 10?

Q. The top product by volume was oxy 30?

Q. The volume of the oxy family was 3 million tablets from 5/10 through 10/11 with approximately 225 -- 225,000 per month?

Q. And the value of oxy 30 was 175,000 per month?

Q. And then it says cash sales versus non-cash sales, 30 percent are in cash sales. So would you find this -- this data to be disturbing?

Q. So this is pretty clearly a pill mill?

Q. Okay. Now, you also have your notes, because you visited this -- this pharmacy on September 13th, 2011?

Q. Okay. And you -- as you noted, you testified against them. Now, under the status of Due Diligence, do you see that? It is on -- I'm sorry. It is on the front page.

Q. It says: "Number of site visits and dates of each," and then it goes: "8/08, 4/09, 12/09, 10/10, 2/11 and 9/11." Do you see that?

Q. Who was performing those visits?

Q. So prior to you visiting this pill mill, it was visited five times by the security person for the distributor?

Q. And that -- well, that -- that -- then that's what the data suggests, does it not?

Q. Okay. And yet this -- this pill mill was restricted on 10/5/2011. In your opinion, shouldn't this pill mill have been shut down earlier?

Q. And so in your opinion this was a failure https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559335 on the distributor's part, was it not?

Q. So, sir, I've put another exhibit in front of you. Its Bates number is 571105, and it is another Pharmacy Information Sheet.

Q. And the subject is this pharmacy is Lam's Pharmacy and it's in Las Vegas. Okay. Could you quickly review this https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559336 sheet?

Q. So, if you look at the statistics, you have the percentage of controlled -- controlled substances versus non-controlled substances of 60/40.

Q. You have the volume of controlled substances as 400,000 tablets per month.

Q. The top product is once again oxy 30.

Q. The volume of the oxy family is 3 million tablets from 5/10 through 10/11, approximately 160,000 per month, the volume of oxy 30 tablets ranges from 100,000 to 120,000 per month, and then the percent of cash sales versus non-cash sales is slightly more than 50 percent. And then in addition, apparently there was a recent indictment of a pharmacist, and then you also visited this site on 10/4/2011.

Q. So in your opinion, is this a pill mill?

Q. Okay. Now, you'll note that under Due Diligence you have site visit dates.

Q. And it says: "Mone visited CA 1/09." And there were a "Total of four visits by Mone, most recent being 7/11," and yet this was shut down in October of 2011. Do you see that, sir?

Q. Is this another instance where this pill mill should have been shut down earlier --

Q. -- given the due diligence that was purportedly being done?

Q. Okay. Now, directing your attention to the second page of this document, that's 571106.

Q. Do you know why this was included in this https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559338 file? It's an e-mail from Mr. Lohman, and I will -- I will represent to you that this came out of your custodial file.

Q. Okay. And do you see the e-mail that says: "Ned called in to check SOM system and protect Lam's in pharmacist sting/raid 8-2010"?

Q. Okay. And I believe Ned reference is a reference to Ned Milenkovich, do you see that, because it is a teleconference between Ted Milenkovich and Donald Lohman?

Q. So Ned called Mr. Lohman and he wanted to check the SOM system and protect Lam's in the pharmacist sting/raid. Do you know what that means?

Q. Okay. If Lam -- if -- if Ned were the -- representing the distributor, because I believe Ned is an attorney, do you know why the distributor would want to protect Lam's?

Q. Okay. Now, do you see the -- the heading that says "Message"?

Q. It says: "No contractual relationship with Lam's. Suggested they call DEA. Barb," I guess Barb Boockholdt, "chief of regulatory section."

Q. Do you know what's meant by "no contractual relationship with Lam's"?

Q. Okay. What about the -- the statement "purpose - data review," do you see that?

Q. "Asked for our help. I said no." Do you know what that means?

Q. Do you know if this was a request from either Lam's or the distributor for access to Mallinckrodt chargeback data?

Q. Okay. You can put that aside. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt-Ratliff Deposition Exhibit No. 028, for identification, as of 12/19/2018.)

Q. So, actually, this may be a relatively short question. Do you rec -- is this your handwriting, sir? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559341

Q. Fair enough. Reviewing this, do you -- do you know what these notes refer to?

Q. But as you sit here today, you don't know what these notes refer to?

Q. Okay. And does this refresh your recollection as to what you discussed in that meeting?

Q. And -- I'm sorry.

Q. And this was the e-mail that we reviewed near the beginning of the deposition, right --

Q. -- regarding H.D. Smith and pain management clinics?

Q. And then do you see at the end -- or towards the bottom of Page 386471?

Q. That's: "106 pharmacies have been cut off." Is that -- does that mean that H.D. Smith had stopped doing business with 106 pharmacies?

Q. Yes. So I'm sorry. 164 pharmacies have been cut off?

Q. And then at the very bottom of Page 472, do you see the reference to "298 accounts walked away"?

Q. Do you know what that means?

Q. Okay. That's fine. So I have another PowerPoint that I would like you to look at. This was produced to us in native form, so I've manually put the Bates number on it. The Bates number is 2694677. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt-Ratliff https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559344 Deposition Exhibit No. 029, for identification, as of 12/19/2018.)

Q. And because this isn't numbered, I'll use the Elmo to sort of identify what I want to direct you to. So the first page is EXALGO Utilization by Julie Milford. Do you know who Julie Milford is?

Q. Okay. And then if you turn into the PowerPoint, there is "National Use of Opioids, Heat Maps of Units Through Cash Transactions."

Q. I'm probably -- I'm around -- I'm on Page 6 of the PowerPoint.

Q. Okay. So: "National Use of Opioids, Heat Maps of Units Through Cash Transactions."

Q. And then the methodology is -- do you see the -- do you see the second bullet point?

Q. Yes. "Product basket included therapies and strengths known to be highly abused, as well as EXALGO."

Q. Do you know what -- what analysis is being done or what analysis is being presented in this PowerPoint?

Q. Okay. Were you aware that anyone in Mal -- at Mallinckrodt was developing heat maps of units through cash transactions?

Q. Now, crash transactions are a potential indicator of diversion, are they not?

Q. And then if you look on the second page of the methodology, do you see the two bullet points: "Calculated the per capita rate of cash Rx tablets for https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559346 each three-digit zip code"? Do you see that?

Q. And then underneath that: "Coded per capita rates into five different groupings to produce heat maps."

Q. Dark red is a "'Critical Spot' with 2 to 3 cash tablets per person." Would this type of analysis have been helpful in developing anti-diversion measures?

Q. I'll be honest, I -- I don't know that.

Q. It says "April 2011" and then "Patient https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559347 counts increased considerably since 2012."

Q. Now, you weren't aware of anyone doing this type of analysis while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So this is not something you recall Karen Harper ever sharing with you?

Q. Okay. Would this information have been helpful to you as director of security?

Q. Well, regardless --

Q. Oh, sorry.

Q. And you are not familiar with IMS Xponent Plantrak, are you?

Q. But a database that tracked cash transactions of prescription opioids, that information would be potentially helpful?

Q. Assuming its accurate? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559349

Q. So even if it weren't limited to just your customers, it was national, so it was your customers and others, would it knowing certain regions that were -- that had a very high level of cash transactions for opioids be helpful in terms of targeting your own audit efforts?

Q. But you had a sense for your customers the -- the amount and the location of cash transactions? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559350

Q. Okay. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt-Ratliff Deposition Exhibit No. 030, for identification, as of 12/19/2018.)

Q. So this is an e-mail chain between you and Karen Harper regarding Sunrise Wholesale, and it's Bates No. 290601.

Q. Okay. And if I could direct your attention to -- let's start with the very back e-mail on Page 290603.

Q. Sure. It is on Bates number 290603.

Q. So this is an e-mail from Victor Borelli to Brenda Rehkop. Do you know who Brenda was?

Q. Okay. Do you know who Victor Borelli is?

Q. Did you work with him?

Q. Did you -- no. So that e-mail above it -- well, I'm sorry. The e-mail from Victor indicates that they are -- they are setting up a new account for Sunrise, is that accurate?

Q. The very first one in the chain dated May 20th, 2008, at 7:57 a.m.

Q. So this is -- this is a new account.

Q. And then the e-mail above it is an e-mail from Brenda to Victor Borelli along with Cathy -- Cathy Stewart and Connie Gregory. Do you see that?

Q. And the -- the paragraph, do you see the paragraph: "The 222 forms total 195,000"?

Q. Okay. So could you please read that?

Q. So this is the initial order from Sunrise to Mallinckrodt, and right off the bat they want 2,520 bottles of oxy 30, is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And then there is an e-mail from Cathy Stewart to you and Karen Harper. That's on the first page, 290601.

Q. Front page, very top of the front page, 29 -- 290601. I'm sorry. I'll put it up on the Elmo.

Q. Yes, exactly.

Q. Yep. And so can you read your e-mail?

Q. And what would the -- what would D&B be, or what -- what was that?

Q. And so it's essentially their -- the financial condition of the company, is that fair?

Q. Okay. But given their status as a new customer and their credit limit, and actually, if you look down at the bottom of the page, do you see the credit limit is 35,000?

Q. So in light of their status as a new customer and the credit limit of 35,000, you -- you -- you believe -- or your impression is that this is a lot of product, is that fair?

Q. Okay. So would it be accurate to say that you had -- you felt that this order should be subject to some review?

Q. Okay. Okay. So my apologies. This is an exhibit, but they are not stapled, so I'm going to try to keep them separated, but there are three copies right there.

Q. And I want to -- what I want to focus is your attention on the very top e-mail, Mr. Ratliff. It is from Karen Harper to you.

Q. Okay. So can you please read that?

Q. So did this information do anything to allay your concerns with their order, their initial order?

Q. Okay. But in light of this information, you -- it's your opinion that this order should have been subject to additional scrutiny?

Q. Okay. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt-Ratliff Deposition Exhibit No. 032, for identification, as of 12/19/2018.) BY

Q. Okay. So directing your attention to the front page of this e-mail -- oh, I'm sorry. This is an e-mail chain between you and Cathy Stewart, Susan Marlatt and Karen Harper, among others. Its Bates number is 290580.

Q. And the e-mail from Susan Marlatt, do you see it says: "We have completed our check"?

Q. And then your response is: "This should be your decision based on the credit checks. If they are qualified, Karen and I don't need to make the decision. This will become easier as we go. Have a good weekend." So what -- what are you saying in that e-mail? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559358

Q. But the credit check doesn't address the fact that their initial order, and they are an extremely small company and with a Yahoo e-mail address, was 2,500, correct?

Q. So shouldn't you and Karen have been the ones to sign off on that initial 2,500 order?

Q. But your initial reaction was that 2,500 seems like an awfully large order for such a new customer with such a small credit limit, and you later learned that it is an extremely small company with an @Yahoo e-mail address? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559359

Q. And how -- how does a credit check reassure you that this order isn't excessive for such

Q. But it is a new customer asking for 2,500 bottles of oxy 30, and that -- and oxy 30 is, as we've discussed is --

Q. -- one of Mallinckrodt's most heavily abused products --

Q. -- is that true?

Q. Okay. So at the very top, do you see that, can you please read your e-mail right up here?

Q. So is what you are saying that notwithstanding the fact that this order appears large, because the credit checks were clear and the salesman doesn't have any concerns, you know, there is nothing for you or Karen to approve? Am I interpreting that correctly?

Q. Okay. Now, if the salesman had raised issues, then would that be a different matter?

Q. Okay. Does the salesman have an incentive to let orders go through --

Q. -- because of their compensation scheme?

Q. And what does a clear -- what does a clear credit reference tell you in terms of the risk of diversion? I mean, the clear -- I mean, credit references measure the -- a company's financial health, right?

Q. And so if a company is profitable, that doesn't necessarily tell you that, you know, their orders aren't suspicious or their orders are proper, does it?

Q. Well, sir, I mean, pill mills have the potential to be highly profitable, don't they?

Q. So this is another e-mail chain dated 5/22/2008 between Cathy -- and it's from Cathy Stewart to you and Karen Harper. And you can tell from the subject line that this relates to the new customer Sunrise Whole -- Wholesale, correct?

Q. Okay. Can you please read the top e-mail that I just highlighted?

Q. Oh, no, I'm sorry. My apologies.

Q. Okay. And Victor is Victor Borelli, correct?

Q. And he is a sales -- he is the manager or the sales rep for this new customer, is he not?

Q. Okay. And so you have Cathy Stewart telling you that the customer service reps -- well, strike that. If you need to, you can -- you can reference the prior e-mail, but one of the bases that you were provided or you indicated for the approval of the order was that the salesman had not raised any issues of substance. Do you recall that?

Q. So here you have an e-mail from Cathy Stewart to you and Karen Harper --

Q. -- indicating that the sales rep Victor is going to tell people anything they want to hear just so he can get the sales through?

Q. Didn't that concern you?

Q. Well --

Q. Do you think he was an honest person?

Q. Do you think he was reliable?

Q. Do you know why he wasn't popular?

Q. In light of this information from Cathy regarding Victor, did you or Karen do anything to try to verify, you know, Victor's assessment of this new customer?

Q. I'll represent to you I don't believe that https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559365 they did audit in -- in the summer of 2008.

Q. So to the best of your recollection, nothing was -- was done in response to this particular --

Q. -- piece of information?

Q. And so just so I'm clear, in terms of the -- the origination history for Sunrise Wholesale --

Q. -- you have an extremely small company with a Yahoo e-mail address that contacts Mallinckrodt asking for 2500 bottles of oxy 30. The sales rep, Mr. Borelli, is someone that his colleagues indicated is unpopular. And, in fact, Cathy says, you know, "Victor will tell them anything they want to hear just so he can get the sale." And nevertheless, this -- https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559366 this customer was accepted and this order was approved in the ordinary course. Is that correct, sir?

Q. Well, the order amount is at the bottom of 3028219, so the e-mail we were just looking at from Cathy Stewart.

Q. Doesn't this suggest a -- a breakdown in the review process?

Q. For either -- for both no clients and orders, sir?

Q. But you didn't audit them before shipping this order for 2,500 bottles of oxy 30?

Q. Okay. Should you have?

Q. So, Mr. Ratliff, this is an e-mail from Mr. Harper -- I'm sorry -- Ms. Harper to you. It is dated November of 2008. And you'll see from the -- the e-mail string that this, once again, is Sunrise Wholesale. So if I can direct your attention to the bottom e-mail that spans 307120 and 307121.

Q. Yes, understood. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559368

Q. She is forwarding you this e-mail chain. And actually, sir, if I can ask you to read the e-mail on the back page, which I've -- I've highlighted?

Q. So the date of this -- I'm sorry, sir.

Q. The date of this e-mail is November, 2008, so this would be approximately five or six months after they first became a Mallinckrodt customer?

Q. And they are increasing their oxy 30 order from 2,500 bottles to 12,000 bottles per month. Do you see that?

Q. Doesn't that increase -- shouldn't that increase cause some concern?

Q. Well, but, sir, at the time, this is what you did know, this is an extremely small company, they start off right off the bat asking for 2,520 bottles of OxyContin. The sales rep that's in charge of this account, you receive an e-mail that he will say anything to get his sales through. And then five or six months later he is sending another e-mail saying to everyone, They are going to increase their volume from 2,520 to 12,000 bottles and they are then going to add 3,000 bottles of oxy 15. Isn't this problematic, sir?

Q. I believe it was in 2009.

Q. Well, I think we'll -- I think we'll get to it, but it's -- let me see if I can find that information for you. I be -- I believe it is August of 2009.

Q. Well, actually, sir, that would be nine -- that would be nine months after this, because August of 2009, this is November of 2008.

Q. Did -- did anyone do anything to try to verify Mr. Borelli's information about Sunrise?

Q. In your opinion, should something have been done to try to verify this information?

Q. But what you knew back then, sir, because this is a -- I mean, well, you would agree this is a sub -- this is a massive increase in their order?

Q. Correct?

Q. And it's being -- I mean, to say that the person providing you with this information, Mr. Borelli, you know, is someone that will say anything to get a sale, and so he is telling you that Sunrise is asking for 12,000 -- well, now 15,000 bottles of oxy and the reason they are doing this is because they are going to -- they have hired new salespeople and they are going to look to additional states to distribute product to. Do you know if anything was done to actually ascertain whether in fact they were going to distribute products to additional states?

Q. If you had known that all of this was https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559372 going to Florida, sir, would you have been concerned?

Q. Okay. But suffice to say that based on this e-mail chain, this -- this increase -- this increase didn't draw any increased scrutiny?

Q. That you are aware of?

Q. Well, sir, as you sit here today, I mean, I understand that you said hindsight is 20/20, but as you sit here today, do you think something should have been done to scrutinize this customer and this order?

Q. Okay. So this is another long e-mail chain, but I'm going to take it from the -- the back going forward. So I'm going to start at Page 307207 and go up to 307203.

Q. So, if you look at the e-mail on Page 307207, it is an e-mail from Paul Kleissle to you and Karen. And he says: "When you can, can you give me a call regarding the oxy case?"

Q. Do you know what the reference to the oxy case is?

Q. Okay. And then do you see the e-mail on Page 307206, and I'll highlight it for you.

Q. So DEA is telling that you need -- telling you that you need to audit Sunrise as soon as possible?

Q. Is this an unusual call?

Q. Okay. And this is -- as you saw from the previous e-mail, this is when they were receiving 15,000 bottles of Mallinckrodt oxy product a month, correct?

Q. Well, but, I mean, looking at the previous e-mail, and we can --

Q. -- we can go back to it --

Q. -- they wanted to go up to it and there is no indication that they weren't allowed to and, in fact, isn't that what your sales department was advocating?

Q. Okay. So for -- presumably for five months or six months, because you got the call from the DEA in July of 2009 -- I'm sorry -- in July of 2009, you had been shipping them around 15,000 bottles of oxy?

Q. Okay. I'm sorry. Actually, if I could direct your attention to the previous exhibit, so that -- is that Exhibit 34 or 35? Okay. So 35. It is John Adams e-mailing Cathy Stewart, Victor Borelli and Karen Harper. He says: "For suspicious order monitoring, this is a potential https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559376 increase on the horizon." Do you -- do you know why he is conveying that information in the context of suspicious order monitoring?

Q. I'm sorry.

Q. Oh, okay. That may be my mistake then. I apologize. Okay. So we are -- we are on Exhibit 30- --

Q. -- 35 and the previous e-mail -- e-mail is Exhibit 34?

Q. So looking back at Exhibit 34, this is the one where you are learning that they are increasing their oxy order?

Q. At the very bottom of Page 307120, it says: "For the suspicious order monitoring, this is a potential increase on the horizon." https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559377 Do you know -- I mean, who is John Adams?

Q. Okay. And why is -- but why is he telling you and Karen about this increase?

Q. I mean, as you sit here, you have no reason to believe that this order was either denied or subject to heightened scrutiny?

Q. Okay. So turning back now to Exhibit 35.

Q. So the DEA is asking you to audit this company and this in your recollection is that this the first time that they are -- or this is the first time you recall them doing that?

Q. Do you see the e-mail in the middle of the page on 307205?

Q. Okay. And it says: "Bill, I know that we don't want to make this audit 'a cast of thousands', https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559378 and assume the scope of audit review will be at a fairly high" -- "a fairly high security and compliance level?" Do you know what Karen means by that?

Q. Well, I'm asking about the scope of the audit being at a fairly high security and compliance level, and I guess my question is: Given what you know about this company, meaning it's an extremely small company, it's now asking for 15,000 bottles of oxy and the DEA has called you up and specifically said you should audit these, shouldn't your audit be a fairly detailed one?

Q. So why would it be a high security and compliance -- why would it be at a high level?

Q. So that's all for that exhibit.

Q. So I'd like to direct your attention to the e-mail at the very back, which would be spanning Pages 562328 to 562329.

Q. Okay. So this bottom e-mail is from Dwayne Collins to you. And who is Dwayne Collins?

Q. And what --

Q. And what is he writing to tell you?

Q. And this oxy 30, it's a Mallinckrodt product, is it not, sir?

Q. Okay. And then can -- could you please look at the e-mail above that, so at the e-mail at the top of the page, 562328.

Q. So who is -- you were able to trace back this product, were you not?

Q. And that's a chargeback system?

Q. I see. So you were --

Q. So the distributor for this product was Sunrise Wholesale?

Q. Okay. And this is, once again, the same company that asked for 15 -- or was receiving 15,000 bottles of oxycodone starting in January of 2009, correct, sir?

Q. Okay. And so this e-mail exchange is between you and Dwayne Collins of Morristown. And Morristown is in Tennessee, is it not, sir?

Q. So what we are seeing is an example of medication that is initially sent to Florida and then migrates to Tennessee, is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And then do you see the e-mail -- well, let me highlight it for you. It is going to be on Page 562327.

Q. And let me try to -- so can you -- can you read that e-mail, sir?

Q. Yes, please.

Q. Okay. And the customer is, I think we've established, is Sunrise, correct? And that -- that would be the e-mail that spans 562 and 327.

Q. Okay. So if you see where I've highlighted.

Q. It is at the very top of the page, 562328. So it's a --

Q. So you've received a call from a -- from law enforcement in Tennessee?

Q. And they've identified Mallinckrodt oxy 30 in their jurisdiction?

Q. And you've traced the -- the product back to Sunrise Wholesale. Is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And then in addition, you https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559384 communicate again with the officer, Dwayne, and you tell him, "Dwayne, the doctor we discussed ordered the following during the last 12 months, all came from the customer we discussed except the hydromorphone." And so I just want to clarify that the customer you are referring to is Sunrise?

Q. And you also have a reference to the doctor, so that means you -- you know, you know both the customer and the end user, is that accurate?

Q. Well, you state: "The doctor we discussed," so presumably you know who he is?

Q. The final thing I want to note is an e-mail in the middle of the page that's 562326. Do you see that?

Q. And so the reason I'm noting this is because that the audit is now scheduled for Sunrise?

Q. It is August 18th and 19th?

Q. And going into this audit you have the following information. You've got an extremely small company that is a relatively new Mallinckrodt customer that has increased its orders from 2,500 to 15,000, and the product that you are shipping, the oxy product that you are shipping to them has now appeared in Tennessee where it's the subject of law enforcement scrutiny. Is that all accurate?

Q. Okay. And so for this audit, though, "The team is being selected and it will be handled like a normal customer audit."

Q. What do you mean by "a normal customer audit"?

Q. But based on the information available to you at this time, sir, I mean, they are not a normal customer, are they?

Q. Based on all of the information you have about Sunrise, I mean, how -- how can you characterize https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559387 them as a normal customer?

Q. Well --

Q. Well, I mean, I would -- I would have suggested shutting them down, but, you know, that's --

Q. -- that's between the two of us.

Q. Okay. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt-Ratliff Deposition Exhibit No. 037, for identification, as of 12/19/2018.)

Q. So this is an e-mail chain with an attachment. Its Bates number is 456333. The subject of this e-mail is "Sunrise Customer Chargebacks." Do you see that, sir?

Q. Okay. And when you look at the chargeback https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559388 data in the attachment --

Q. -- it contains the DEA number, the ship to customer name, pricing contract, the SKU, product description, the pricing quantity and net sales. Do you see that, sir?

Q. Okay. So this tells you who Sunrise customers are, doesn't it?

Q. And it also tells you the product that they are ordering is oxy 30?

Q. And it also tells you the amount, the pricing quantities, is that what it is?

Q. Okay. And this is all information that you had available to you in advance of your audit, is that correct -- correct, sir? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559389

Q. So this is another e-mail exchange with an attachment.

Q. Sunrise Chargeback Summary. The Bates number is 290041. And it is from Cathy Stewart to you and Karen, among others. And then at the top e-mail it says: "Cathy, Here's the other file....the doctor in question is in column CX." And if you look at the attachment, sir, which I believe starts on -- starts on Bates No. 290042, it appears to be a breakdown of the doctors along with the comparative amount or the relative amount that they are purchasing or obtaining from Sunrise. Is that accurate?

Q. Yes. This attachment.

Q. I believe so. If you look at row one, I believe those are the last names of doctors.

Q. Well, I'm sorry. Let me help you out with that, okay. So if you look on the Elmo, I think those are doctors.

Q. One doctor is in B, another doctor is in C, and another doctor is in D.

Q. I believe so. You have doctors, you have the number of orders, you have the total quant -- quantity and equivalent API.

Q. And you know the -- the measure for total quantity and equivalent APIs, is that essentially the number of pills?

Q. I think that is a comparative analysis of the API for the different doctors.

Q. I believe that on the assumption that the total quantity and equivalent API is the measure of essentially the pills that these doctors have been ordering, the chart is going to be the differing -- the differing volumes of pills that each doctor has ordered. That's my reading of the chart.

Q. I believe so. Where do you see that?

Q. Yes, I believe that means that they purchased 10 million in equivalent API.

Q. Well, I think the -- I think Beretsky, for example, you have got four orders for 702,000. I think that's his little block.

Q. I think that is a visual depiction of the total quantity and equivalent API that these doctors are obtaining.

Q. And I think if you look at Bates number -- I believe if you can turn to page Bates No. 290048, sir, and it's got a -- it would be column CX.

Q. So that's Schultz?

Q. And do you see that there underneath it is one and 612,000?

Q. So I believe that means one order for 612 API?

Q. 612,000 API?

Q. Well, but it does indicate for -- I mean, these are -- you would agree these are the customers' customers for Sunrise?

Q. Well, isn't that a plausible https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559394 interpretation of the e-mail on this chart? I mean --

Q. Okay. But if you -- assuming this cover --

Q. So next to Schultz, do you see column CW? Well, actually, let me step back. So column CX is Schultz. Did you ever recall hearing about a Dr. Schultz?

Q. The page is 290048.

Q. So column CX with Dr. Schultz.

Q. Do you ever recall --

Q. Okay. Would it surprise you to learn that Dr. Schultz is in prison?

Q. Moving over to CW, do you see that column?

Q. It's Shook, right?

Q. And do you see the volume -- or the volume of API?

Q. Okay. So what -- what is the volume indicated there?

Q. Well, do you know what API means?

Q. Okay. So is that essentially a measure of pills?

Q. Well, fair enough. If you turn to the first page, that's going to be 209942. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559396 Do you see that?

Q. And do you see that notation? I'm sorry. It is a little blurry, but --

Q. Well, row three?

Q. Yes. So that --

Q. The value for -- the value for row three for Shook is as you indicated --

Q. -- 12 million?

Q. So Shook is getting 12,597,000, you know, API or active pharmaceutical ingredients?

Q. Doesn't that strike you as suspicious, sir? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559397

Q. Given that Mallinckrodt had access to this data, shouldn't they have investigated Mr. Shook?

Q. Well, regardless, certainly -- well, actually, sir, if you -- if you look at the e-mail on Page 290041 --

Q. -- your -- your -- it was actually sent to you. It was sent to Karen Harper and Bill Ratliff.

Q. So you received this information, sir?

Q. Well, shouldn't -- as you sit here today, shouldn't you have taken a look at Dr. Shook --

Q. -- with his 12 million plus API?

Q. Yes, you can.

Q. But you certainly had the capability of looking at them had you chosen to do so?

Q. You got the chargeback reports?

Q. Yes.

Q. So, sir, this is a document Bates numbered 307243. It is titled "Controlled Substance Compliance Suspicious Order Monitoring, Custom" -- "Customer Audit Checklist."

Q. Do you see that, sir? Are you familiar with this form?

Q. And so this is the audit report for Sunrise Wholesale, is it not, sir?

Q. And this is the result of the audit that the DEA urged you to conduct immediately, correct?

Q. Okay. Is it fair to say that Sunrise passed its audit?

Q. That's -- that's all we have, sir.

Q. No, I apologize. I think Page 2 may have been omitted from there, so why don't we... BY

Q. Well, I believe this is what I have for the audit. It is actually one, two --

Q. -- three pages. Is your recollection -- is your recollection that these -- these audits --

Q. -- are more pages?

Q. So your understanding or recollection, though, is that Sunrise passed its audit?

Q. Okay. Well, I'm going to -- this is another exhibit. And what this is is this is an excerpt of chargeback data that was produced to us.

Q. And I've limited it to Sunrise. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt-Ratliff Deposition Exhibit No. 040, for identification, as of 12/19/2018.)

Q. And there are three copies there.

Q. So the chargeback -- looking at Page 1 of 2, the chargeback system indicates that they received in 2010, 21,368,000 sales in terms of government UOM. So given that the audit was conducted in 2009 and they were receiving product in 2010, does that indicate they passed?

Q. Okay. Now, this audit, does it -- does it -- the audit pages that we have, does it indicate any -- does it provide any explanation for how a Mallinckrodt product that was shipped to Sunrise ended up in Tennessee where it was in the possession of law enforcement?

Q. But Mallinckrodt knew who Sunrise customers were and they knew -- and Mallinckrodt knew the amount of oxy that customers were provided, isn't that correct?

Q. And so does this audit address the fact that Dr. Shook is getting 12 million, 12 million plus API from Sunrise?

Q. Shouldn't it have?

Q. Looking at these totals and assuming that this extrapolation from the -- the data that was produced is accurate, for a three-year time span, do you see how many pills were provided -- were sent to Florida, that's going to be Total Sales Quantity Government UOM?

Q. And so what -- what figure is that?

Q. That's correct.

Q. And then do you see Florida Percentage Sales Quantity Government UOM? And I will represent to you that my understanding is that's the percentage of their total sales that went to Florida.

Q. Or 99.7 percent?

Q. Do you recall the e-mail where Victor Borelli said the justification for their increase in orders is because they were expanding to other states? Do you recall that, sir?

Q. Okay. Does that appear accurate based on this chargeback data?

Q. So once -- so it appears that Victor was https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559406 saying whatever he needed to do to make a sale, is that fair?

Q. But that's what the data suggests, sir, isn't it?

Q. Sir, they shipped 99.7 percent of their product to Florida. That was 49 mil -- 49 million plus of UOM, which I assume had some relationship to pills, and they passed an audit. They passed Mallinckrodt's audit. Doesn't that suggest problems with your audit system?

Q. Yes. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559407

Q. And they -- their order was for 3,000 bottles of oxy 15 starting January of 2009, sir. Do you recall that?

Q. So my question is: We've now spent a fair amount of time looking in detail at Sunrise --

Q. -- both how Mallinckrodt decided to do business with them and how Mallinckrodt responded when it started receiving information regarding them, and, you know, and the fact that Mallinckrodt did an audit of Sunrise and they presumably passed. So my question to you, sir, is doesn't this suggest a problem with Mallinckrodt's screening of its customers and its audit process?

Q. One distributor that sent 49 million pills to Florida over a three-year span, sir.

Q. Doesn't that strike you as troubling?

Q. So, Mr. Ratliff, and I appreciate that we have been going at this for a while, this is the last exhibit, and the document that I've handed you is the Administrative Memorandum of Agreement between the DEA and Mallinckrodt. Are you aware that Mallinckrodt has entered into a settlement with the Drug Enforcement Administration?

Q. I believe if you check the back date, it was in 2017, July of 2017.

Q. Okay. So if you turn to Page 2 of this agreement, do you see "Covered Conduct"? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559410

Q. Yes, Page 2.

Q. And it is going to be Paragraph 3, Covered Conduct.

Q. Okay. And then it's got subheading, do you see the little paragraph ?

Q. And it says: "With respect to its distribution of oxycodone and hydrocodone products, Mallinckrodt's alleged failure to distribute these controlled substances in a manner authorized by its registration and Mallinckrodt's alleged failure to operate an effective suspicious order monitoring system and report suspicious orders to the DEA when discovered as required by and in violation of 21 CFR 1301.74 . The above is includes, but not limited to, Mallinckrodt's alleged failure to." And then the first, the little is "conduct adequate due diligence of its customers." Do you have any knowledge of the factual basis for that statement?

Q. Okay. What about the second statement, "Detect and report to the DEA orders of unusual size and frequency"?

Q. Okay. Turning to Page 3, do you see paragraph ?

Q. Paragraph on Page 3, it says: "With respect to the manufacture of controlled substances at Mallinckrodt's Hobart, New York facility."

Q. , as in boy.

Q. Okay. And do you see the paragraph underneath it that says: "Failure to take actual weights of controlled substances at all stages of the manufacturing process"?

Q. Were you aware of any concerns by the DEA regarding this topic?

Q. Okay. Do you see Topic ii: "Use of a https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559412 'target' tablet weight for purposes of rec" -- "of reconciling batch records and determining the number of units of finished form manufactured even though the average weight of the tables in any specific batch sometimes deviated from the target weight"? Do you see that paragraph?

Q. Do you have -- were you aware of any concerns from the DEA regarding that topic?

Q. Okay. What about Topic iii: "Commingling of dust collector waste and assignment of dust losses"?

Q. Okay. What about Topic iv: "Failure to check-weigh controlled substances received into the facility"?

Q. Okay. Topic v: "Failure to maintain accurate records of substances transferred from the manufacturing process to Mallinckrodt's analytical laboratories"?

Q. You have no knowledge of that, okay. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559413 What about any knowledge of Topic vi: "Failure to include substances held in certain vaults/storage as part of the biennial inventory"?

Q. Okay. And I believe you testified previously that you were not interviewed by the DEA or DOJ in connection with this settlement agreement or this Administrative Memorandum of Agreement?

Q. Okay. So you have no knowledge of the basis for this agreement?

Q. Okay. So that concludes my -- my examination. Thank you for your time, sir.

Q. Mr. Ratliff, I've handed you an exhibit marked 269399. It's a memo to Karen Harper from Howard Davis. Do you recall receiving this memo?

Q. Okay. And do you -- do you recall reviewing it?

Q. Okay. So directing your attention to the bottom paragraph, this is by way of example, do you see the bottom paragraph of the memo?

Q. It starts with "an order." Could you please read that? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559538

Q. So do you agree with that paragraph?

Q. And so, sir, your testimony is that if an order was three times the -- if an order was three times the prior historical average, Mallinckrodt would not have shipped that, is that correct?

Q. Okay. And if they did ship that, that would have been improper?

Q. Okay. Can you please read the second paragraph -- the first paragraph at the very top?

Q. Okay. Thank you, sir. I take it you don't have any disagreement with that statement, do you?

Q. So essentially your criticism of this memo is that you were already doing everything that the memo called for, is that correct?

Q. And if you were not doing that, then that means that you -- you would -- that would not be proper, correct?

Q. Okay. And can you identify anything he has come up with that you weren't doing?

Q. And to the degree that you were shipping orders that violated these general criteria that he is laying out here, that would not have been proper, that's all I'm trying to get at?

Q. Pre 2000? 2012, if you bad. to ballpark it? 5 epiderrne user" discussed by pharmareuticals by phartriacik,s high right 20 oustomer customers that are that were I.0 and that we provided. that and weprovided tha 11 a long time ago a long time 1.6 MNK-T 269884 MUNK -TI 169884 :17 years ago this has been. vears this has been. 9 that the doetors the doeiors 1. 2 like 30 days, provide this like 30 davs„ to provide this 1 I tablets of 30 of oxy 30 for tablets of 30 — of oxy 30 — fo shouldn't of, they shouldn't have. • 60 re4gh estima e -nn how. rough estimate for how https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/pknv0249 MNKOI 0004559548 23 So if there was So if there we re 11)-11 it says: " An algorithm is it says an "Al. it -an is 3 customized customized what it s components wha€ its co€ponent.s • orders deviate substantially orders deviating substantially 24 said those don. t send those 3 8 'rot it earlier. wrote it either. 3 7 ocedure that is in "Procedure is in 8 subcommittee which has subcommittee has 1.849 manufacturing [siej of manufacturers of Oxycodone oxycodone "General Feedback Frorr. St "General Feedback From DEA Louis" St. Louis" $ Karen and 1, one of Karen and two of r e needed to or that we needed to know or customer's customer know our customer's customer ro 1 lation. of the customer's confirmation of a customer's 8 present president .264 15-16 I just let ne have a little due I just ---- "October 28 will have diligence. all due diligence." 13 Okay. buying rllat Cirs as wel there is certain there are certain 4 customers, contracts" — etc., 1314 me a call regarding the o me a call regarding the oxy case? case?
