Witness:  Gail Tetzlaff
Attorney: MR. Reisman
Source:   MNKOI0004569597
============================================================

Q. Are you referring to a document that attorneys selected for your review during your preparation for this deposition?

Q. Are you going to not answer the question based on counsel's advice?

Q. So maybe I'll reframe, rephrase the question so you can answer it. Is there anything that leads you to believe that your e-mails were put on hold for this litigation?

Q. At any point related to this litigation, did anyone collect your laptop or scan your laptop for documents? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. To whom?

Q. Approximately when?

Q. When you say you provided documents, are you talking about electronic documents or paper documents or both?

Q. That were on your computer?

Q. Do you -- so you store documents on your own hard drive or is it a shared drive?

Q. What is the shared drive called?

Q. So I want to make sure I --

Q. -- understand. When you said a moment ago that you gave someone documents, what documents did you give and to whom?

Q. Do you work on a computer that you personally own?

Q. Do you have a home office?

Q. Do you keep hard copies of documents on which you're working?

Q. Have you ever maintained paper documents in your office?

Q. In connection with this litigation, did anyone come to you and ask you for your paper hard-copy documents to collect them for this litigation?

Q. When you say you provided all the relevant documents that you had, what time frame are you referring to?

Q. So you may have given documents, but then again, you may not have; is that right?

Q. But your testimony under oath is you can't remember getting that request, right?

Q. During the period of time when you were on the suspicious order monitoring team, what databases did you access in connection with your work on the SOMT?

Q. Were there any other data sources LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff or databases that you used at that time?

Q. Systems, applications, databases.

Q. Were there any other data sources --

Q. -- that you personally used or --

Q. or had access to during the period of time when you were part of the SOMT?

Q. I don't mean to interrupt you. Go on.

Q. Okay. So we've established that you reviewed data from the order system. What I'm trying to understand is, you know, you said a few minutes ago that you were brought onto the SOMT because of your experience with data. So my question very simply is, were there any other data sources that you ever, at any time, used or had access to during the years in which you were part of the suspicious order monitoring team?

Q. For example, what data source?

Q. What kinds of information would you obtain from colleagues?

Q. As you sit here today, can you recall any type of data that you asked a colleague for in connection with your work on the SOMT?

Q. Can you say a little bit more about what that means, customer supplier structure?

Q. What is your understanding of where that information was maintained?

Q. Okay. So you would ask a colleague for information related to the primary supplier for a customer. What would the colleague tell you then?

Q. So they were able to answer your question, correct? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. So they had access to a database that would allow them to answer your question, correct?

Q. Why were you in the position in the first place of asking that type of question? For example, you mentioned whether Mallinckrodt was a primary supplier.

Q. Why did you ask a colleague for that information?

Q. Why was it part of that program?

Q. Why was Mallinckrodt's position as a supplier relevant to that program?

Q. What's the name of a person that you would go to with that sort of question about the supplier structure during that time period?

Q. So those were not people in the compliance function, correct?

Q. And they were not part of the suspicious order monitoring team, correct? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. Switching gears a little bit, Ms. Tetzlaff, do you believe that the United States is in the middle of an opioid epidemic?

Q. Do you believe that it is an epidemic?

Q. What makes you think that there is a health issue related to opioids?

Q. What specifically on the news?

Q. How long do you think that there has been a health issue in this country with respect to opioids? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. When is the first time you remember hearing about it?

Q. When you joined the suspicious order monitoring team, were you aware that the United States had a health issue with respect to opioids?

Q. At that time when you joined the SOMT, did you have any conversations with colleagues about the opioid epidemic?

Q. Did you ever have any conversations about the opioid epidemic with colleagues at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Have you ever had any conversations with anyone at Mallinckrodt LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff about health issues related to opioids?

Q. Have you ever had any conversations with anyone at Mallinckrodt about the fact that people have become addicted to Mallinckrodt's opioids?

Q. Do you have any friends or family that have suffered from an opioid addiction?

Q. Is it your understanding that Mallinckrodt has been one of the largest sellers, makers and sellers of opioids in the United States over the last several decades?

Q. That wasn't my question, Ms. Tetzlaff. My question was: Is it your understanding that Mallinckrodt has been one of the largest makers and sellers of plaids in the United States over the last several decades?

Q. You're an accountant, right?

Q. Have you ever during your 34 years at Mallinckrodt looked at one of Mallinckrodt's filings with the United States Securities & Exchange Commission?

Q. But not since then?

Q. Have you ever looked at any of LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff Mallinckrodt's annual reports?

Q. So since the '90s, you have never looked at Mallinckrodt's annual reports?

Q. I'm asking again just in general, not whether you had responsibility over that content --

Q. -- but whether you as an employee of Mallinckrodt in a compliance function for the last ten years in particular, whether you have looked at any of Mallinckrodt's annual reports?

Q. Going back to your time on the suspicious order monitoring team, is it your understanding that the law requires manufacturers and distributors of controlled substances to have systems to detect suspicious orders of controlled substances? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. And is it also your understanding that suspicious orders are defined to include, but are not limited to, orders of unusual size, pattern or frequency?

Q. And are you also familiar with the legal requirements that manufacturers and distributors of controlled substances including plaids, inform agencies, the DEA at the federal level, and in states, a state like New York, a state agency, in particular the Bureau of Narcotics Enforcement, of suspicious orders?

Q. How about to the New York State Bureau of Narcotic Enforcement?

Q. Did you ever have any discussions with any colleagues at Mallinckrodt about LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff the New York State Bureau of Narcotics Enforcement?

Q. Your title at that time was director of government reporting compliance, correct?

Q. Are you familiar with the term "diversion"?

Q. What is your understanding of what that term means?

Q. Would you agree that if opioids go to a place where they are not supposed to be, that people are at risk of becoming addicted to opioids?

Q. And would you agree that the risk LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff of diversion creates a risk of people getting addicted to opioids that are diverted?

Q. Would you agree that preventing diversion is important?

Q. Would you agree that preventing diversion may lower the risk of people becoming addicted to opioids?

Q. You testified a moment ago that plaids have properties that can impact people and they can become addicted, correct?

Q. So if opioid diversion is stopped, then it is less likely for people LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff to become addicted to opioids, correct?

Q. And less product for people to become addicted to, correct?

Q. There would be less product in places where it shouldn't be for people to become addicted to, correct?

Q. But your testimony under oath is that opioids are addictive, correct?

Q. So if there is less diversion, which you defined as opioids going to places where they shouldn't be, it is less likely for people to become addicted to those plaids, correct?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. Would you agree with me that if there is less diversion, which means less, fewer plaids going to places where they shouldn't be, there would be less or fewer addictive opioids out there?

Q. I am not asking you about cause and effect. I am just asking about the product, okay? So you testified that plaids are addictive, correct?

Q. Is it a good thing for opioids not to get to places where they shouldn't be?

Q. And is -- it is a -- is it a reason is it a good thing in part because if opioids get to places where they shouldn't be, people might become addicted to them?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. I'm not asking you for a healthcare opinion. I'm asking you for an answer to a question based on your experience as a layperson and based on your experience as a compliance person, okay? So the question is, if diversion means, in the context of opioids, opioid products getting to places where they shouldn't be, is it a good thing to prevent diversion?

Q. You can answer.

Q. If diversion occurs, diversion of opioids, is that a problem?

Q. Why is it a problem?

Q. Where is it getting?

Q. Ms. Tetzlaff, we were speaking earlier today about whether you had knowledge of the DEA's investigation of Mallinckrodt over the last few years. Do you recall that? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. Did you ever become aware of that DEA investigation of Mallinckrodt?

Q. When did you first become aware of Mallinckrodt's ongoing dialogue with the DEA?

Q. When you joined the SOM team, did you have any knowledge about the laws and regulations governing controlled substances?

Q. Did you get any training about those sorts of things?

Q. How did you become aware of them?

Q. Which colleagues?

Q. Did they give you any materials to review regarding laws and regulations governing controlled substances?

Q. I just want to understand how you what you mean when you say "they are referenced." What are you referring to?

Q. Were those references in letters or e-mails?

Q. For the last few years, your responsibilities have centered on open payments compliance; is that right?

Q. Did you ever have training about compliance with federal open payments regulations?

Q. Switching back to your work on the SOMT, did you read the federal regulations regarding controlled substances?

Q. Did you attend any conferences regarding suspicious order monitoring?

Q. And is that N-A-D-D-I?

Q. Do you know what that stands for?

Q. Sounds right to me. Why did you attend a NADDI event?

Q. Where was that event held?

Q. Do you recall in what year that event took place?

Q. Did anyone else from Mallinckrodt attend with you?

Q. Which ones?

Q. Anybody else?

Q. During your time on the SOMT, did you have responsibility for approving orders that had been flagged as suspicious?

Q. And in particular, you had LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff responsibility for approving opioid orders that had been flagged as suspicious, correct?

Q. Yet you had no formal training regarding suspicious order monitoring; is that correct?

Q. Did your responsibilities include preventing diversion of plaids?

Q. But you had the responsibility for approving orders of opioids that had been flagged as suspicious, right?

Q. Do you recall approximately for how many opioid orders you provided approval for?

Q. Is that something you did on a daily basis, approving disposition of orders of plaids?

Q. I asked a slightly different question. Do you recall whether you on a daily basis provided the approval for orders of opioids to be shipped?

Q. Was it required on a daily basis?

Q. So you made a distinction between approval versus other disposition. What does that mean, "other disposition"?

Q. Did that ever happen?

Q. But you recall approving orders, right?

Q. During your time on the suspicious order monitoring team, did you ever ask anyone for formal training regarding suspicious order monitoring?

Q. Because you read the regulations and talked to people, you had the knowledge; is that right?

Q. Did you have any discussions at any time during your tenure on the SOMT about red flags of opioid diversion? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. What is your understanding of what that term means, "red flags"?

Q. Such as diversion of opioids?

Q. Can you give me an example of a red flag at the pharmacy level?

Q. Anything else? Any other red flags?

Q. So during your time on the suspicious order monitoring team, did that group meet on a regular basis?

Q. How often?

Q. Did the SOMT, during your tenure on it, ever discuss changes to Mallinckrodt's policies that comprised its suspicious order monitoring program? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. So it sounds like you answered the question and you understood it. Did the SOMT have a process by which it would review Mallinckrodt's SOMP policies on a regular basis?

Q. Did you ever train anyone on Mallinckrodt's SOMP?

Q. You mentioned that Jennifer Buist worked for you; is that right? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. She reported to you? Who trained her?

Q. With respect to the training that you provided Ms. Buist on data analysis, what did that include?

Q. You made sure that she did that, right?

Q. Did she always do that?

Q. Well, you mentioned that you worked with her to ensure that she was maintaining the data analyses "accurately in the way that we intended." Did Ms. Buist always live up to that? Did she always maintain analyses accurately and the way you intended?

Q. Ms. Tetzlaff, I'm going to hand you what has been marked as Exhibit 1 --

Q. -- with a copy for counsel.

Q. Please take a moment to look it over and let me know when you're done. LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. Have you had a chance to look over this document?

Q. Do you recognize it?

Q. What is it?

Q. If you look at the top right, Ms. Tetzlaff, it says, "Supersedes Date: NEW." Do you see that on the first page?

Q. Based on that information, are LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff you able to say what the time frame of this document is, when it was created?

Q. Okay. But the document does say that it is a new policy, correct?

Q. Okay. Well, I will represent to you that this document was created in 2012. Do you have any reason to doubt that?

Q. Okay. But you're familiar with it?

Q. And do you recall seeing it and reviewing it during your time on the suspicious order monitoring team?

Q. On the first page under LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff definitions, under number 4 it says, "4.2, Suspicious Order: An Unusual Order that has been investigated by the SOM Analyst or designee, and/or the Manager of Controlled Substances Compliance and, based on the results of that investigation, has been determined by the SOM Leadership Team to be

Q. Is that regulation referenced in that sentence one of the regulations that you personally reviewed to learn about suspicious order monitoring?

Q. The next item is 4.3. It says, "Tier 1: A monthly limit set annually for large volume wholesalers' orders of Oxycodone 15 milligram and 30 milligram SKUs. These products have been identified by DEA as particularly subject to diversion and abuse." LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff Do you see that?

Q. What is your understanding of who Mallinckrodt's large-volume wholesaler customers were during your time on the SOMT?

Q. What were their names?

Q. Okay. Anyone else?

Q. The next item is 4.4. It says, "Tier 2: A standard algorithm with respect to volume which sets a monthly limit at 3X the average number of orders of a product during the previous 18 months by the customer and 3X the average volume of product ordered during the previous 18 months by the customer." Do you see that?

Q. So is it your understanding that this policy, which you reviewed during your time on the SOMT for Tier 2, set an algorithm at three times the average number of orders of a product during the previous 18 months by a customer?

Q. Please turn to the next page actually, the third page of the document, which is marked 609 in the lower right corner, towards the top, Item 6.4.6 talks about the SOM Leadership Team. Do you see that?

Q. And it says, "The SOM Leadership Team will reject the Unusual order as a Suspicious Order, authorize the release of the Unusual Order for shipment or request the MCSC obtain additional information from the wholesaler." Do you see that?

Q. So -- and this is for Tier 1 LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff orders. Do you see that? It's a heading on the prior page.

Q. So for this category of unusual orders, it was within the responsibility of the SOMT, of which you were a member, to make a recommendation about rejecting or releasing an order; is that right?

Q. Then on the same page we've just looked at, towards the bottom, under the Tier 2 unusual orders -- actually, the next page, which is marked 610 in the lower right corner, Item 6.5.8, it says, "If the SOM Leadership Team accepts the recommendation the order be approved for shipment, the SOM Analyst or designee will release the Unusual Order hold. The order will continue through the Customer Service order process." Do you see that? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. So for these -- under this policy, for these Tier 1 and Tier 2 unusual orders, it was the responsibility of the SOMT, of which you were a member, to make the approval or reject decision on an order that had been identified as unusual, correct?

Q. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 2. (Whereupon, SOP, Bates stamped MNK-Tl 0005620500 through 0504, was marked as Tetzlaff Exhibit 2 for identification, as of this date.)

Q. This one is marked in the lower right corner. And please take a moment to look it over while I'm speaking. It's marked MNK-T1 5620500.

Q. Do you recognize this document? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. What is it?

Q. On the first page in the upper right corner it says, "Effective Date: 11/01/12." Do you see that?

Q. Under "Scope" it says, "It is Mallinckrodt's corporate policy that orders for controlled substances which have been determined to be Suspicious Orders will be reported to DEA upon discovery in accordance with 21 C.F.R. 1301.74 . Mallinckrodt will hold Suspicious Orders and not ship to the customer until Mallinckrodt conducts an independent analysis to determine whether the controlled substances are likely to be LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff diverted from legitimate channels." Do you see that?

Q. So this is the policy that you had responsibility to administer during your time on the SOMT; is that right?

Q. And you as a member of the team, you had a role to administer this policy, correct?

Q. Under "Definitions," if you look at 4.3 on the first page, which is Tier 2, do you see where it says that the limit is 2.5X?

Q. So the threshold had changed from three times in the document we just looked at to two times in this document; is that right?

Q. Sorry, 2.5 times in this LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff document.

Q. And two and a half times would capture a potentially larger number of orders; is that right?

Q. When Mallinckrodt made this change, did it hire any additional staff?

Q. And 4.4 on that first page lists the members of the SOM Leadership Team, including yourself. Do you see that?

Q. And it lists your title as director of government reporting compliance. Do you see that?

Q. From the issuance date of this policy revision, which was November 1, LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff 2012, did Mallinckrodt report suspicious orders to the DEA on a regular basis?

Q. Maybe I'll just re-ask it. From the date this policy revision was issued --

Q. in November 2012, did Mallinckrodt report suspicious orders of opioids to the DEA on a regular basis?

Q. Please turn to the next page. Towards the bottom of that page that's marked 501, paragraph 6.4.5 mentions LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff the DGRC. Is that you at that time?

Q. And then it mentions the MCSC, which is the Manager of Controlled Substances Compliance. Do you see that?

Q. And basically it is either you or the MCSC has the responsibility for reviewing suspicious order reports, documenting the recommended disposition of orders within the report, and responding that the order shall be released or request additional investigation. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall who the MCSC was at the time?

Q. So at that time, either you or Ms. Harper would have had the responsibility to review the recommendations regarding suspicious orders LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff and potentially releasing them; is that right?

Q. And then if you look at the next page, which addresses Tier 2 --

Q. -- paragraph 6.5.5 contains similar language. Do you see that?

Q. So really the process and responsibilities that you had for Tier 1 and Tier 2 were the same; is that right.

Q. And if you turn to the next page, there is a chart. This is page 503 in the lower right corner. And the chart makes it

Q. So as of November 1, 2012, any order that Mallinckrodt flagged as part of its SOM was defined as a suspicious order to be included in the Suspicious Order Report; is that right?

Q. And the new name of that report was Suspicious Order Report, correct?

Q. And it was called Suspicious Order Report because it included suspicious orders, correct?

Q. So that did not quite answer my question, so I'll ask it again. It was called the Suspicious Order Report starting in November 2012 because it included suspicious orders, correct?

Q. You've had a chance --

Q. You have had a chance to review this document. So aside from that LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff reference in the revision history grid that we just looked at, do you see any other references to unusual orders or Unusual Order Reports in this document, which is Tetzlaff Exhibit 2?

Q. And if we go back to the first page under Definitions, 4.1 defines "Suspicious Order," correct?

Q. And there is no definition for unusual order under the definitions, is there?

Q. I'm going to hand you what's been LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff marked as Tetzlaff Exhibit 3. And this is actually a -- the coversheet is -- bears the Bates number MNK NC2396806. It is a PowerPoint presentation that was produced in native format. So please take a moment to look it over and let me know when you're done.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Okay. Does this appear to you to be a presentation regarding Mallinckrodt's controlled substances quota and suspicious order monitoring programs?

Q. And it says it is for Ken Yamashita, Hobart Plant Manager. Do you see that?

Q. And it is dated March 28, 2012. Do you see that?

Q. You were on the SOMT at that time, correct?

Q. Is Hobart the east coast plant located in the state of New York at which Mallinckrodt manufacturers opioid products?

Q. Have you ever met Mr. Yamashita?

Q. Have you ever been to Hobart?

Q. When did you go there?

Q. Why did you go there?

Q. Who were the other colleagues that were located there?

Q. Anybody else?

Q. If you turn to the third page of this document, under the heading "DEA is Now High Profile," second bullet point says, "Increase in prescription drug abuse is well documented." Do you see that?

Q. During your time on the SOMT, did you ever see any presentations that looked like this or contained similar material that included that sentence?

Q. Please turn to page 15, or slide LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff 15.

Q. The heading of this page is "Enhanced Collection and Analysis of Data." Do you see that?

Q. And the first bullet point says, "Gail Tetzlaff has primary responsibility for collection and analysis of SOM data." Do you see that?

Q. Was that correct at that time?

Q. Did you have primary responsibility for collection and analysis of SOM data at that time?

Q. You had primary responsibility for managing the data collection, correct?

Q. And analysis? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. And this mentions, the next bullet point, that Jennifer Buist reported to you. Do you see that?

Q. And the third bullet point says, "Many data sources." Do you see that?

Q. And then it lists a number of data sources, the first of which is JDE. Do you know what that is?

Q. The next is the chargeback system. Do you know what that is?

Q. Is it different than the JDE database?

Q. Then the next one is IMS data. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what that is?

Q. The next bullet point says, "IMS collects many different sets of data concerning prescriptions through self-reporting and other sources and sells access to that data to the industry." Do you see that?

Q. Does that refresh your recollection as to what IMS data means?

Q. Do you recall IMS data being incorporated in any way into the SOM process?

Q. The next bullet point, the last one of the page, says, "For instance, we can see that a total of 51,000 prescribers of Oxycodone 30 milligram tablets, the top 1% accounted for 43% of dispensed tablets." Do you see that?

Q. Did you ever have any discussions during your years on the SOMT, and as the person with primary responsibility for collection and analysis of SOM data about prescribers of oxycodone?

Q. That supplemental process you just described, and you -- then you mentioned chargeback data, to be clear, that's not something that is in the policy that we just looked at in Exhibits 1 and 2; is that right?

Q. Is it separate from the SOM program or is it part of the program?

Q. If you go back up to the third bullet point that lists the data sources, the next one after IMS is customer data integrity. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what that is? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. The next source on that list is social media. Do you see that?

Q. How did social media play a role in Mallinckrodt's SOMP?

Q. Just going back briefly to the first bullet point. It says that you had primary responsibility for collection and analysis of SOM data, correct?

Q. And then it lists the data sources that we have just gone through, correct?

Q. During this time period, you were director of governmental reporting compliance, correct?

Q. Actually, if we can go back to Exhibit 2 for just a moment --

Q. Do you see anything in Exhibit 2, which you have had a chance to review, that LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff states that certain plaids or opioid products can be omitted from this policy?

Q. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 4. Please take a moment to look it over. It is marked in the lower right corner MNK NC7801092, and it is a lengthy document. I will only be asking you questions about -- well, that relate to page 7 and page 14. So in the interest of time, you don't need to look at every single word in the document, but I'll direct your attention specifically to pages 7 and 14. LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. So I'm not sure I understand your answer, so maybe I'll just ask the question again. Do you recognize the document?

Q. Okay. So this document is titled "Work Instruction Suspicious Order Monitoring - Unusual Order Report Step-by-Step Instructions." Do you see that?

Q. So you -- I just want to make LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff sure I understand. So you're saying that you recall the steps of the process; is that right?

Q. Well, the effective date of this document is July 12, 2016, superseding a document from October 14, 2014. Do you see that on the first page?

Q. That wasn't that many years ago, was it?

Q. Have you ever seen a document that looks like this -- LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. -- in terms of having step-by-step instructions for Mallinckrodt's Suspicious Order Monitoring Unusual Order Report?

Q. Please turn to page 7.

Q. Towards the top, Item C says, "Control" or "CTRL-G," and then "to place a conditional format in the Current Month Order Qty column. If the value in this column is greater than the comparable cell in column R , the cell changes color, turns pink, which assists visually with analysis." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall the step of the LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff process for reviewing unusual or suspicious orders in which an analyst looked at a spreadsheet that had pink coding for certain information?

Q. Please turn to page 14. And I'm referring to the pages in the upper left corner of the document.

Q. Towards the top, Item F says, "Select Option 7 for the orders you are going to release " Do you see that?

Q. So do you recall that only certain orders required additional investigation?

Q. Were you aware of a work instruction that included an item saying that usually all orders were going to be released unless they are pink in the spreadsheet?

Q. Do you recall ever seeing versions of these suspicious or unusual order spreadsheets that are referenced in this document?

Q. How often were they generated?

Q. Do you recall approximately how many individual orders were included in each iteration of the spreadsheet?

Q. I'd like to continue looking at Exhibit 4, which you have in front of you.

Q. Please turn to page 32. LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. There is a screen shot on this page of a portion of an Excel spreadsheet listing -- it's actually all July 2016 UOR. You can kind of see it at the top. Do you see that, the heading of the screen shot?

Q. So this looks like it is a monthly roll off. Does that seem correct to you?

Q. And if you turn to the prior page, which is 31, there is a screen shot of a folder structure listing various Excel spreadsheets. There is a July 2016, and then individual spreadsheets for particular days. Do you see that?

Q. And then one page prior, which is page 30, there is a screen shot of a LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff spreadsheet listing particular orders on July 13, 2016. At the top, it has got the heading, and it says, "Sent to DEA." Do you see that?

Q. And there are a number of orders listed, at least in this excerpt. It looks like it is somewhere between 10 and 20. Does that seem right?

Q. During your years on the suspicious order monitoring team, did you ever consider rejecting an order and not allowing it to be shipped?

Q. Can you give an example of an order that you considered rejecting?

Q. Can you recall the reason or LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff reasons that you would have rejected an order?

Q. You mentioned considerations. I'm just trying to understand what kind of considerations you're talking about because my question is about you considering rejecting an order. What would have led you to reject an order?

Q. What did the attributes and information have to show in order for you to approve an order?

Q. Did anyone ever tell you not to reject an order?

Q. Did anyone ever pressure you not to reject an order?

Q. Did you ever feel that people within Mallinckrodt who were involved in suspicious order monitoring felt any pressure to approve orders?

Q. Before you became a member of the SOMT, did you have any controlled substance compliance experience?

Q. Did you have any reservations about joining the SOMT based on your lack of controlled substance monitoring experience?

Q. Which skills?

Q. This is a document marked Tetzlaff Exhibit 5. (Whereupon, E-mail chain, Bates stamped MNK NC06130824 through 0825, was marked as Tetzlaff Exhibit 5 for identification, as of this date.)

Q. Please take a moment to look it over and let me know when you're done.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. And this is marked MNK NC6130824 in the lower right corner. Is this an e-mail chain from May 2014 that you're involved in?

Q. The subject is "Generic Exalgo SKUs," correct?

Q. In this document, if you look at the bottom, the first-in-time e-mail on May 15, 2014, Karen Harper sent an e-mail, in which you are cc'd, and it was to Jen Buist and Karen Harper wrote, "Per our conversation, please add the Generic Exalgo item/index below to the exempt SKU list for SOM UOR." Do you see that?

Q. So at that time, your -- one of your fellow SOM team members was instructing your direct report to exclude Generic Exalgo from the SOM Unusual Order Report, correct?

Q. Please do.

Q. Do you know what Exalgo is?

Q. Do you know whether Mallinckrodt ever made a branded version of Exalgo?

Q. Did it?

Q. When did it launch that branded version of Exalgo?

Q. Do you believe that it was in 2009?

Q. Do you believe that it was sometime before May 15, 2014?

Q. Generally speaking, in your 35 years working for a pharmaceutical company, do you have an understanding that branded opioids are eventually marketed and released in generic forms?

Q. Does it also sound right to you that Mallinckrodt's marketing of branded Exalgo preceded its marketing of generic Exalgo?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that branded Exalgo was marketed after May 15, 2014? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. This e-mail chain took place between May 15th and May 20, 2014. The explanation that you have provided very helpfully just now about the reason for the exclusion of Exalgo in generic form from Mallinckrodt's SOMP, did you discuss that with any of the participants in this e-mail exchange, which include your direct report, Ms. Buist, your peer on the SOMP, Ms. Harper, or Ms. Spaulding?

Q. Well, are any of the reasons included in this e-mail?

Q. Is it your sworn testimony today that Mallinckrodt did not possess an order history for Exalgo as of May 15, 2014?

Q. It's the same drug, isn't it?

Q. So assuming that Mallinckrodt marketed branded Exalgo before it marketed generic Exalgo, Mallinckrodt would have had order history for that branded Exalgo, correct? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. When Mallinckrodt put generic Exalgo on the exemption list in May 2014, did you ask Ms. Harper about the order history for branded Exalgo?

Q. Did you ask Ms. Buist whether Mallinckrodt had any order history for branded Exalgo?

Q. Part of what program?

Q. Was branded Exalgo ever part of the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 6. Please take a moment to look it over and let me know when you're done. It's marked in the lower right corner MNK-NY 600613.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Is it a list of excluded items within the Unusual Order Report scope of JDE?

Q. At the top, there is a chart that lists a few drugs. And in row 2, it says "Xartemis XR." Do you see that? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. And then it says it was added to the table on March 12, 2014. Do you see that?

Q. And then following that "XXR deemed by SOM team not likely to be diverted into other-than-legitimate medical channels." Do you see that?

Q. You were on the SOM team at the time, right?

Q. So you were part of the group that decided that Xartemis XR, as of March 12, 2014, was not likely to be diverted into other-than-legitimate medical channels, correct?

Q. Then it says, "Removed from list on January 22, 2015." Do you see that?

Q. That means that Xartemis XR went back into the Unusual Order Report algorithm, correct?

Q. And you were part of the SOM team that made that decision, correct?

Q. So between March 12 and -- 2014 --

Q. Okay. But this document says that Xartemis was removed from the list on January 22, 2015, correct?

Q. So Mallinckrodt at that time determined that its earlier decision that Xartemis was not likely to be diverted into other-than-legitimate medical channels had to be changed, correct?

Q. Sitting here today, can you tell me any other details about how Xartemis was handled in terms of Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program between March 12, 2014 and January 22nd of 2015?

Q. Do you know what Xartemis is?

Q. A combination of what and what?

Q. Did it contain oxycodone?

Q. Do you recall how it was scheduled?

Q. Do you -- are you familiar with the DEA's scheduling system for drugs?

Q. Do you know what a Schedule II drug is?

Q. So I take it you don't know whether Xartemis was a Schedule II drug?

Q. So as Mallinckrodt's director of government reporting compliance, and as a member of the SOM team, you did not know LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff how Xartemis was scheduled, correct?

Q. That row regarding Xartemis XR, that doesn't refer to particular SKUs of Xartemis XR, does it?

Q. So what this document is saying is that Xartemis XR in general was added to the table in 2014 and then removed in 2015, correct?

Q. The next row, Row 3, or Reason 3 says, "Generic Exalgo." Do you see that?

Q. Then it says, "Added to table on May 15, 2014." Do you see that?

Q. And if you look back at Exhibit 5, which you should still have nearby, it was the e-mail that we looked at a moment ago

Q. At the bottom of Exhibit 5, the first date, the first e-mail is May 15, 2014.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. So Karen Harper's e-mail on that date, it looks like that e-mail was what triggered Exalgo being included on the exclusion list. Does that seem right?

Q. And then looking back at Exhibit 6 in Row 3 for generic Exalgo, it then says, "Generic Exalgo deemed by SOM team not likely to be diverted into LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff other-than-legitimate medical channels." Do you see that?

Q. And those words that I just read follow the fact that generic Exalgo was added to the table on May 15, 2014. Do you see that?

Q. Look back at Exhibit 5, please.

Q. Is there anything in Exhibit 5 that says that generic Exalgo was deemed by the SOM team not likely to be diverted into other-than-legitimate medical channels?

Q. So the e-mail does not include any discussion of whether generic Exalgo was likely or not to be diverted into other-than-legitimate medical channels, correct?

Q. Sitting here today, are you able to recall any discussion in the May 2014 time frame, in your role as a member of the SOM team, regarding the question whether generic Exalgo was likely to be diverted into other-than-legitimate medical channels?

Q. Do you know what molecule, which you mentioned you know the molecule -- do you know what molecule Exalgo is?

Q. Do you know that it is hydromorphone?

Q. That's an opioid?

Q. Do you -- is that your understanding that Exalgo is an opioid?

Q. Do you know how strong it is LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff compared to other opioids?

Q. Do you know the relative strengths of any opioids?

Q. Do you have an understanding as a person who was on Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring team and was Mallinckrodt's director of government reporting compliance for several years about the relative strengths of plaids?

Q. I'm asking you, in your job --

Q. -- did you ever have an LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff understanding of the relative strengths of the plaids that you were responsible for overseeing compliance on?

Q. Do you know whether Exalgo is stronger than morphine?

Q. Do you know how Exalgo was scheduled either in branded or generic form?

Q. I'm handing you what has been LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff marked as Exhibit 7. Please take a moment to look it over --

Q. -- and let me know when you're done.

Q. And this document is Bates stamped MNK-11 7063589.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that you were not on this e-mail chain?

Q. So this is an e-mail chain in which you were involved in November 2014 -- actually, this started in September 2014; is that right?

Q. On the second page, the first-in-time e-mail is from Karen Harper to Mark Montgomery. Do you see that? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. Do you recall what Mark Montgomery's role was at that time?

Q. The subject of Ms. Harper's e-mail is "Suspicious Order Monitoring Review, Language Related to Increased APAP/Codeine Demand." Do you see that?

Q. And in her e-mail, the second paragraph, Ms. Harper wrote, "We have adopted standardized wording templates to document the release of orders, the below draft statement has been revised to reflect current increased demand for APAP/Codeine products." Do you see that?

Q. And then in italics below that, there is a heading that says, "Draft Wording," and then, "Order reviewed due to item quantity . Order LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff was released for shipment after analysis determined that the aggregate monthly orders do not represent an unusual quantity when compared to similar customers within this segment of the industry. Order for APAP/Codeine CIII represents a shift in demand due to CII scheduling of Hydro/APAP." Do you see that?

Q. So is it your understanding that Ms. Harper drafted template language to document reasons for releasing suspicious orders?

Q. So it saved people time; is that right?

Q. So you developed these template justifications for each type of °plaid; is that right?

Q. So these templates were provided to the staff who were reviewing suspicious orders, correct?

Q. So it gave them language that they could use to justify releasing orders, correct?

Q. If they needed a reason to release an order, they could look to this language, correct?

Q. And if they needed a reason to put in the documentation, they could look to these templates, correct?

Q. But it was frequently used, correct?

Q. And those results included prior LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff orders that had been released, correct?

Q. You said, I quote, "The template language was likely frequently used because it was developed based on fact patterns and review results that were often relevant." So the results you're talking about in that bit of testimony, those were results in which orders were released; is that right?

Q. You mentioned something a moment ago about sequence I just want to go back to. The individuals such as your direct report, Ms. Buist, who were reviewing suspicious orders, they had this language before they reviewed the order, correct, for each order they reviewed, right?

Q. Please turn to the first page of this exhibit. In the middle of the page on November 13, 2014, Karen Harper wrote to you and Ms. Buist and Ms. Spaulding, copying Mr. Lohman. She wrote, "Do we approve use of the language below that was okayed by the commercial group as accurate from their perspective?" Do you see that?

Q. So the process for this template language reflected in this exhibit is that the commercial group approved, and then Karen Harper went to you and two others for approval; is that right?

Q. So after the commercial group signed off on the language, you had to sign off, right?

Q. What you actually wrote in the e-mail on November 13, 2014 at 10:35 a.m. was "I'm fine with that wording. Thanks." Correct?

Q. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 8. Oh, actually, I just meant to give you one. Thank you. LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff Please take a moment to look it over and let me know when you're done. This is marked MNK-Tl 5657417.

Q. Is this an e-mail chain that you participated in November 2012?

Q. If you turn to the second page, or actually the bottom of the first page, there is an e-mail from Steven Becker to a number of people regarding a Cardinal order, oxycodone 10/325. Do you see that?

Q. And he writes that, Cardinal just placed an order for 85,176 units on the oxycodone 10/325 100s. And then he writes "If we need to reduce to 84,000, that is fine." Do you see that?

Q. And then he talks about the fact that Cardinal needs the extra bottles, LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff 28,000 bottles for CVS. Do you see that?

Q. And then in parens he writes, " " Do you see that?

Q. And Steven Becker at the time, as indicated in this document, was director of national accounts for specialty generics for Covidien Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. So he was informing some colleagues about a very large order of 85,000 units of 100-pill bottles of oxycodone, and he was concerned that the order not be placed on hold; is that right?

Q. Okay. So then he forwards the e-mail on to you and others involved in suspicious order monitoring, correct -- or actually, Heather Dodson forwarded the e-mail. Do you see that on page one?

Q. And then there is an e-mail further up the page that says the orders are, in fact, on U2 hold?

Q. And at the top of the page, same day, which is November 30, 2012, Ms. Buist writes to a number of people, including yourself, that the order has been released. Do you see that?

Q. Do you see any indication in this e-mail as to whether there was an LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff investigation with respect to whether this order should be released or stopped?

Q. Okay. Did you -- upon seeing this message from Mr. Becker at the time about this order for 85,000 bottles of 100-pill oxycodone, did you ask anyone on your team, Ms. Buist or anyone else on the suspicious order monitoring team, whether this order should be investigated?

Q. You did not answer my question. My question was whether you asked LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff anyone on the SOM team whether this order should be investigated.

Q. I think it was a very straightforward question. So your answer is -- is it that you do not recall whether you spoke to anybody about this order being investigated?

Q. And Mr. Becker was in sales at that time, correct?

Q. Do you think there is a conflict LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff between having -- in having people in national accounts or sales involved in the suspicious order monitoring process?

Q. And sometimes the information provided by Mr. Becker was used to justify release of orders, correct?

Q. Did you ever personally release an order based on something Steven Becker communicated to about that order?

Q. If Steven Becker communicated to you that an order should be released because the order came from a customer that Mallinckrodt wanted to develop, would you have released the order based on that information?

Q. Good afternoon, Ms. Tetzlaff. I'm going to hand you what has been marked as Exhibit 9.

Q. Please take a moment to look it over and let me know when you're done. This is marked in the lower right corner MNK NYAG91379; it is a multi-page e-mail chain, but I will only be asking you questions about the first three pages.

Q. This document is an e-mail chain on which you were included on the most-recent-in-time e-mails; is that right?

Q. And the subject of this e-mail chain is "McKesson order 70250431 on U2 Hold for MORPHINE SULFATE ER 30MG and 15MG." Right?

Q. And at the top of the first page of this exhibit, Ms. Buist, your direct report, wrote to Mr. Kazemi of Mallinckrodt, "Thanks, Kian. The order has been released, but we'd like to know a reason for the increase and potentially if we'll be seeing more due to suspect supply issues with the Mar ER bottle." Is that right?

Q. So -- and you were copied on that e-mail, right?

Q. So Ms. Buist was saying that more information was needed about this order, correct?

Q. And she was communicating to Mr. Kazemi that the order had been released, correct?

Q. And if you scroll down the page a little bit, you see that Mr. Kazemi's title was director of retail national accounts for specialty generics. Do you see that?

Q. If you turn to the third page of the document -- actually, the second page at the bottom, the page -- it is 91380. There is an e-mail that begins with -- it's from Ryan Dunehew and it is to a number of people, including yourself. Do you see that?

Q. Same subject. And he writes, "Based upon the information from ABC's current drug list from today, I believe we are now seeing demand increase on UD as suspect supply issues with the Mar ER bottle are now beginning to spill over into the unit dose space. This is my best guesstimate of why the large order from McKesson as suspect that other suppliers are now prioritizing the bottles of 100 over the Unit Does put-ups." Do you see that?

Q. And do you know what division of Mallinckrodt Mr. Dunehew was in?

Q. Was he on the sales side?

Q. He was not part of the suspicious order monitoring function at Mallinckrodt at that time, was he?

Q. So he was reporting information about a demand increase; is that right?

Q. And he was giving a guesstimate about the reason for a large order of from McKesson; is that right?

Q. And that insight was, in his own words, "a guesstimate," correct?

Q. And he also used the phrase "suspect supply issues," correct?

Q. Well, I'm reading the verbatim words. He said -- he wrote, "suspect supply issues." Do you see that?

Q. Are you speculating as to what he meant?

Q. Okay. You don't know who he is, right?

Q. Okay. Looking back at the second page of the e-mail chain, in this exhibit, Rose Adams, who was a DC manager at LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff Mallinckrodt, wrote to a number of people including yourself, "How soon will this order be released? We have a truck scheduled for tomorrow afternoon, and in order to ship then, we would need the order first thing in the morning, otherwise, we can try to move the shipment to Wednesday afternoon." Do you see that?

Q. So you just read into Mr. Dunehew's e-mail language. Looking at Ms. Adams' e-mail language, was she anxious about getting the order released?

Q. Looking at Ms. Adams' e-mail language, was she anxious about getting the order released?

Q. Because there was a truck scheduled for the following afternoon, correct?

Q. Please turn to the first page of the exhibit. On the bottom of that page, Mr. Kazemi wrote --

Q. Ms. Buist wrote to Mr. Kazemi, LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff "Kian, can you please confirm Ryan's response or provide additional information? We have released the order, but would like confirmation." Do you see that? A Yes.

Q. So Ms. Buist, your direct report, released the order before confirmation of Mr. Dunehew's response, correct?

Q. Did you intervene to reject this order?

Q. Is it Mallinckrodt's normal practice to release orders before confirming information that it receives from people that are not part of the suspicious order monitoring team? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. What words in this exhibit can you point to that show that a judgment was made about this order before it was released?

Q. That is a nice answer, Ms. Tetzlaff, but you did not answer my LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff question. What words in this exhibit can you point to that show that a judgment was made about this order before it was released?

Q. What words? I'm -- it is a very simple question. Point to the words that tell me, that indicate that a judgment was made.

Q. Is there any other evidence in front of you that you can point to about the process for this particular order?

Q. Even though, as your direct report wrote in this exhibit that's in front of you, she wanted confirmation -- information but did not receive it before releasing the order, correct?

Q. You know, I don't see where she said she has received information. I see, again, "Can you" release -- "Can you please confirm Ryan's response or provide additional information?" Do you see that?

Q. But there is no evidence in this exhibit that anything was done to verify that information, correct?

Q. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 10. Please take a moment to look it over and let me know when you're done. This one is Bates stamped MNK NYAG91518.

Q. This document is an e-mail chain in which you were involved in April 2013, correct?

Q. If you look at the bottom of the LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff first page, you wrote an e-mail to a number of people at 11:05 a.m. that day, in which you stated "I approved release of the U2 hold on McKesson Order 70273529." Correct?

Q. If you turn to the next page, there is an e-mail from Jacob Longenecker to a number of people, including yourself, at 10:29 that same day, so that's 36 minutes before you released the order. He wrote, "Noramco is having issues with Oxycodone. They have delayed our shipments to Mikart and we have heard from Cardinal and now McKesson that there are supply disruptions." Do you see that?

Q. Is that the reason you released the order?

Q. If you did get any other information, where would that have been documented?

Q. Okay. Well, we'll look at an example of that documentation in a few minutes. But continuing on with this exhibit, if you turn to the next-to-last page, it's numbered 91521, it is an e-mail from Mr. Kazemi to Medea Shaw of McKesson, in which he wrote, "As a manufacturer of controlled substances, Mallinckrodt is required by the Drug Enforcement Administration regulations to monitor orders of controlled substances as part of its Anti-Diversion Program. Our Anti-Diversion Program has identified the order listed below for additional review. LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff Please provide additional information about the circumstances that led to this order. For example, if you recently have experienced a significant increase in your customer base or if another manufacturer of this product is experiencing difficulty supplying this product, provide details about those circumstances." Do you see that?

Q. Mr. Kazemi was not part of the suspicious order monitoring team, correct?

Q. In fact, he was not part of the suspicious order monitoring steering committee either, was he?

Q. So he was sending this e-mail regarding an order that had been flagged for additional review to his contact at McKesson, correct?

Q. And if you turn to the next page, LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff after the description of the various plaids, which include -- well, morphine sulfate, fentanyl and oxycodone, he wrote "Thanks for your help on this. We should be able to ship these items as soon as we hear back from you." Do you see that?

Q. So Mr. Kazemi was giving his contact at McKesson reasons why Mallinckrodt would be able to release the order, correct?

Q. Was it a common business occurrence for Mallinckrodt to provide language like this to its customers every time Mallinckrodt asked the customer LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff regarding a suspicious order?

Q. Did you have a practice while you were a member of the suspicious order monitoring team of not reading your e-mails?

Q. Is there any reason for you to believe that you didn't read this one?

Q. Okay. So Mr. Kazemi said to the McKesson contact that a supply issue might be a circumstance that led to the order; is that right?

Q. And, in fact, that's the information that was provided ultimately by McKesson, that there were supply issues, correct?

Q. Is that a yes?

Q. Mr. Kazemi did not ask the McKesson contact about any information about the potential for diversion of these opioid orders, did he?

Q. This e-mail exchange does not contain any information about the risk of diversion of the opioids contained in these orders, correct?

Q. I am handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 11. Please take a moment to look it over and let me know when you're done. This one is marked in the lower right corner MNK-NY12279.

Q. Is this an e-mail chain from LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff December 2013, in which you approved the release of an order of fentanyl lozenges placed by Rochester Drug Cooperative?

Q. If you turn to the last page of this document, the last e-mail is from Steven Becker to Tracy Plouffe, who is at Rochester Drug, and he writes about the order being on hold. And you see where he writes "The hold is due to product monitoring"? Do you see that?

Q. He does not say anything about Mallinckrodt's anti-diversion responsibilities, does he?

Q. And then in the next paragraph, last sentence, he wrote "See below for verbiage you can send to the customer if need be." Do you see that?

Q. So in this e-mail -- and the last part of the e-mail chain was not produced as part of this document. In this e-mail chain, Mr. Becker is indicating to Mallinckrodt's customer that there is verbiage that can be sent on down the supply chain regarding reasons to clear this order; is that right?

Q. Okay. Please turn to the second page of the document. You see a couple of screen shots there?

Q. The one on top says "Linden Care Pharmacy." Do you see that?

Q. So that's the customer of Rochester with respect to this particular order, right?

Q. So Linden Care Pharmacy was buying Mallinckrodt fentanyl lozenges from Rochester, correct?

Q. During your time at Mallinckrodt, have you ever had occasion to discuss or communicate with anyone regarding Linden Care?

Q. Do you know what fentanyl is?

Q. What is it?

Q. Do you know if it is stronger LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff than morphine?

Q. Okay. First page of the document, Mr. Becker writes to you and others. He is following up on that fentanyl order. In the third paragraph, he writes, "RDC was told it would be gradual conversion, and it looks like the orders are starting to pick up." Do you see that?

Q. Then he writes, "RDC had an additional order come up this morning for the 1600MCG for the same account." Do you see that?

Q. Two paragraphs on, he writes, "I recommend that we release the order for RDC." Do you see that?

Q. That same day, actually five minutes after Mr. Becker wrote that e-mail, your direct report, Ms. Buist, wrote, "Gail, I recommend release." Do you see that?

Q. Then in the early afternoon, at 2:17 the same day, you wrote, "I approve release." Do you see that?

Q. So you approved this release at least in part based on the information Mr. Becker, the director of national accounts, provided to you, correct?

Q. That the customer was buying more fentanyl, that's the information conveyed, right?

Q. And this particular item that this customer, Rochester, was buying at the time was the fentanyl lozenge product, right?

Q. I've handed you Exhibit 12, which is stamped MNK-NYAG87589. Please take a moment to look it over and let me know when you're done.

Q. So this e-mail chain is one in which -- actually, if you look at the top at the first e-mail -- or the last e-mail in time, the first e-mail in the document LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff you wrote to Mr. Becker and some others about RDC Order 70300470 on U2 hold for fentanyl lozenge 800 microgram; is that right?

Q. And you wrote to Steve, Mr. Becker, "Thanks for the information. RDC Order 70300470 for fentanyl lozenge 800 microgram will be released." Do you see that?

Q. You released this order based on the information that Mr. Becker gave you?

Q. Right?

Q. Okay. The information that Mr. Becker LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff provided to you in this exhibit that same day, on January 17, 2017, he wrote, "Rochester Drug currently is forecasting over 50 units per month on the 800-microgram SKU. Linden Care Pharmacy is

Q. You released this order at least in part based on this information that Mr. Becker provided to you that morning, correct?

Q. You wrote to him, "Thanks for the information" at the top, right?

Q. So this is information you had LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff when you released the order, correct?

Q. If you turn to the second page of this exhibit, towards the bottom, your direct report, Ms. Buist, wrote to Mr. Becker copying you about this order. And she wrote, "Their quantity order exceeds any total quantity for any customer within their segment for the last 18 months." Do you see that?

Q. Earlier we spoke about red flags and you gave some examples of red flags. Is this a red flag?

Q. That was a very detailed answer. You seem to have recalled a lot about the process at that time. So in terms of context, let's move on to the next sentence in Ms. Buist's e-mail. You wrote --

Q. -- "Please see below for verbiage you can send to the customer if need be." Do you see that?

Q. The second page.

Q. It's numbered 590. At the bottom, your direct report wrote to Mr. Becker, "Please see below for verbiage you can send to the customer if need be." Do you see that?

Q. And then the next page has that verbiage that Ms. Buist is providing to Mr. Becker to send to the customer. And that language on the last page of this exhibit references Mallinckrodt's anti-diversion program, and gives an example of information that may have led to the order, such as an increase in customer base or supply difficulties. Do you see that? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. There is nothing in this e-mail, this language that Ms. Buist provided to Mr. Becker that speaks to reasons why the order is needed for legitimate medical purposes, is there?

Q. But it seems we have reviewed at least a few e-mails, and we're going to get to some more in which this language does appear about supply issues, correct?

Q. And supply issues are relevant because that would be an explanation that a customer could provide as to why it was exceeding thresholds that were part of LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff Mallinckrodt's SOMP, correct?

Q. When Mallinckrodt would send language of this type to a customer asking about issues related to supply, do you think it is likely that the customer would volunteer other types of information?

Q. Okay. Well, I'm not going to ask you to speculate. I want you to keep this document next to you, and I'm going to hand you the next exhibit, which is Exhibit 13. (Whereupon, E-mail with attachment, Bates stamped MNK-T1 0002216756, was marked as Tetzlaff Exhibit 13 for identification, LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff as of this date.)

Q. And this one is marked in the lower right corner MNK-Tl 2216756. Please take a moment to look it over and let me know when you're done.

Q. This is an e-mail that your direct report wrote to the United States Federal Government, correct, on January 15, 2014, and you were copied on it?

Q. Yeah, so heatherwhite@usdoj.gov was the recipient, correct?

Q. Is it your recollection that Heather White was with the DEA at that time?

Q. And the subject is LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff "Mallinckrodt's suspicious orders," correct?

Q. And Ms. Buist wrote, "Attached are orders Mallinckrodt has received within the last business day that we are reporting to the Drug Enforcement Administration as suspicious orders pursuant to 21 C.F.R. 1301.74 . These orders are on hold and will not be shipped unless and until Mallinckrodt's controlled substances compliance group completes its independent analysis of these suspicious orders and determines that the orders are not likely to be diverted into other-than-legitimate medical, scientific and industrial channels." Do you see that?

Q. Was that language that you personally approved for inclusion in e-mails like this?

Q. And this e-mail was sent on January 15, 2014?

Q. If you turn to the third page of the exhibit, it is actually a printout of the native Excel spreadsheet that was attached to the e-mail.

Q. And I'll direct your attention to Row 21. Do you see that?

Q. And Column A lists order number. And you see for Row 21, the order number is 70300470?

Q. And if you look back at Exhibit 12, do you see the subject line has that same order number?

Q. So the order that you approved on January 17, 2014 had been reported as suspicious to the United States DEA on January 15th of that year, correct, two days earlier?

Q. And the first sentence of the e-mail that we just read a moment ago -- this is Exhibit 13, your report to the DEA, or Ms. Buist's report to the DA -- DEA in which you were copied, it reported these orders as suspicious, correct?

Q. As of January 14, 2014, this RDC Order No. 70300470 was a suspicious order, correct?

Q. I'm going to ask my question one more time because you have not answered it. Mallinckrodt reported this particular order to the DEA as suspicious, correct?

Q. So that is a yes? The answer to my question is yes?

Q. So the order was reported to the DEA as suspicious, right?

Q. And there is language that you have pointed to in the second sentence of the e-mail, which is Exhibit 13, that says that Mallinckrodt will not ship until it determines that the orders are not likely to be diverted into other-than-legitimate channels, correct?

Q. Okay. Is there any do those words appear in Exhibit 12? Is there any verbiage in Exhibit 12, the exact words that say that these -- that this order is not likely to be diverted into other-than-legitimate medical, scientific and industrial channels?

Q. I'm going to hand you what has been marked as Exhibit 14. Please keep the prior two exhibits handy. This one, it is a printout of a native document from Excel. The cover sheet is stamped MNK NC1164071. LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff And just to be clear, there were -- this particular native Excel contained many more orders. But for purposes of this deposition, we have filtered it to include only orders that were billed to Rochester Drug Cooperative, which is the Column E, "Bill To Customer Name" column.

Q. Do you recognize this?

Q. Okay. So earlier today, we were speaking about the unusual order or suspicious order reports that Mallinckrodt generated internally; is that right?

Q. And is this an excerpt of one of those types of reports?

Q. If you look at the -- it's Row 182 in Column A. It lists the order number as 70300470. Do you see that?

Q. And does that correspond to the order number listed in the subject line of Exhibit 12 and to that attachment to the e-mail to the DEA that we looked at in Exhibit 13?

Q. So it is the same order that LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff we're talking about, right?

Q. And in this report, Mallinckrodt documented its reason for approving or rejecting orders, correct?

Q. Turn to the second page of the legal-size attachment, or the actual document.

Q. Column AB for this same order says, "Order reviewed due to item quantity and as a new item purchased by an existing customer account with less than seven months of purchasing history for this item. Although month order quantity is higher than those of similar customers within this segment of industry, order was released for shipment after analysis determined that the aggregate monthly orders do not represent an unusual quantity for this customer." Do you see that? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. And if you look at the row above, it has virtually the same language, correct? So we're looking at Row 182, the row above, which is in this filtered spreadsheet, Row 125. It has virtually the same language in Column AB.

Q. Well, it is almost verbatim, isn't it?

Q. Well, both have -- both refer to "new item," correct?

Q. So the -- Row 182 has the additional language, "Although month order quantity is higher than those of similar customers within this segment of industry," LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff correct?

Q. That's the only difference, right?

Q. So -- and that is -- we looked at that in Exhibit 12, that that particular order exceeded any order within that segment. Do you recall that?

Q. If you would please maybe in your right hand or left hand have Exhibit 12 handy.

Q. That's the --

Q. -- first e-mail that we looked at on this order.

Q. And where Mr. Becker wrote, "This account may continue to grow in use of our products." LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff Do you see that?

Q. That language is not included in the language in the spreadsheet, correct?

Q. You mean it wasn't part of the boilerplate that Mallinckrodt had created that you testified to earlier that was designed to make it easier for orders to be released, correct?

Q. Well, you testified earlier that the template language was designed to make it easier for information to be inputted into the suspicious order report. Do you recall that?

Q. But in this spreadsheet, which is Exhibit 14, the information provided to you by Mr. Becker, the director of national accounts, was not included, correct?

Q. The information that was provided to you by Mr. Becker, including "this account may continue to grow in use of our products," that was not included in the SOR spreadsheet, was it, or the -- pardon me, UOR spreadsheet?

Q. Because it wasn't part of the template, correct?

Q. Wait a second, Ms. Tetzlaff. Exhibit 12, you have in front of you, right?

Q. You made the decision to release the order; you personally, correct?

Q. Is Exhibit 12 a document?

Q. Okay. Exhibit 14, these unusual order report documentation spreadsheets, did Mallinckrodt ever send these to the DEA?

Q. Earlier today I asked you about the New York State Bureau of Narcotics Enforcement. Do you recall that?

Q. Do you know what that is?

Q. Do you know whether Mallinckrodt has ever reported a suspicious order to the New York State Bureau of Narcotics Enforcement?

Q. So during your time as director of government reporting compliance, it was not part of your responsibility to know anything about reports of suspicious opioid orders to the New York State Department of -- Bureau of Narcotics Enforcement, correct?

Q. And during your time on the Mallinckrodt suspicious order monitoring team, was it also not part of your responsibility?

Q. Did you ever have a discussion with anyone at Mallinckrodt about reporting suspicious orders to the New York State BNE?

Q. I'm going to hand you what has been marked as Exhibit 15. Please take a moment to look it over and let me know when LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff you're done.

Q. Is this an e-mail chain in which you approved an order of hydrocodone made by Harbor Drug in 2014?

Q. So the top e-mail and this is Bates stamped MNK-NY 19809. The top e-mail is from you to a group of people and you write, "approved." Correct?

Q. If you look two e-mails down on the same page, there is an e-mail from Jennifer Bullock -- sorry, Bullerdick to a number of people including yourself. On this same order, she wrote, "This is approved. They are still determining demand and pull-through from customers has been unsteady." Do you see that?

Q. So she had approved the order LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff before you had approved it, right?

Q. The subject of this e-mail is "Harbor Drug Order 70304034 on U2 hold for hydrocodone/APAP 7.5/325 and 10/325 tabs." Correct?

Q. Hydrocodone is an opioid, correct?

Q. Ms. Bullerdick wrote, "This is approved." Correct?

Q. Did she write, "This is in the context of my role"?

Q. What was her role at the time? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. I'm going to hand you Exhibit 16. Please take a moment to look it over --

Q. -- and let me know when you're done. This one is marked in the lower right corner MNK-T1 2262657.

Q. Sure. LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. Sure. By all means. As you have gathered, I tend to read aloud the passages that I'm asking you about, so we'll have time. My first question is, do you recognize this document?

Q. What type of document is it?

Q. And this one concerns Linden Care Pharmacy in Syosset, New York, right?

Q. What is your understanding of how these types of reports got to Mallinckrodt, like what would be the reason for a report like this to make its way to Mallinckrodt?

Q. And when you say "an exchange of information," do you mean that information like this would have gone to members of Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring group?

Q. Okay. I'd like you to look back at -- keep this one in front of you, but please look back at Exhibit 12. It is an e-mail that we looked at a few minutes ago and -- LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff that concerned a particular order. And on the first page, there is a screen shot, and it refers to Linden Care Pharmacy. Do you see that?

Q. So on January 17, 2014, you approved an order of fentanyl lozenges that Rochester was sending to Linden Care Pharmacy; is that right?

Q. Then on March 19, 2014, this document was sent to Mallinckrodt -- this is Exhibit 16 -- regarding Linden Care Pharmacy; is that right?

Q. And it is a pretty detailed report about the characteristics of that pharmacy in terms of prescriptions and high-volume prescribers whose orders are filled at that pharmacy, correct?

Q. And if you look at page 5 of this LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff document, which is marked 661 in the lower right corner, at the top, it says, "The review of Linden Care Pharmacy's most recent dispensing report also revealed that their percentage and number of controlled substance descriptions dispensed increased to 57 percent since their April of 2013 dispensing report, with a total of 6,124 controlled substance prescriptions filled." Do you see that?

Q. And on the next couple of pages, which are page 6 and 7, it goes on to describe metrics regarding two particular prescribers, Todd Schlifstein and Jeffrey Goldstein. Do you see that?

Q. Then if you look at the last page of this document, in the last paragraph, three lines down it says, "On March 5, 2014, H.D. Smith received a subpoena from the U.S. Department of Justice Drug Enforcement Administration commanding LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff that we provide any and all due diligence files related to Linden Care Pharmacy, pursuant to an investigation for violations of 21 USC § 801 ." Do you see that? A Yes. (Whereupon, E-mail chain, Bates stamped MNK NC02426058 through 6062, was marked as Tetzlaff Exhibit 17 for identification, as of this date.)

Q. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 17. Please take a moment to look it over and let me know when you're done. This one is marked in the lower right corner MNK NC2426058.

Q. This is an e-mail, the most recent of which is dated April 1, 2014, in which you approved an order for fentanyl lozenges, correct?

Q. And that order was made by LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff Rochester Drug, correct?

Q. And you approved this order after Mr. Becker, the national accounts director, provided information, correct?

Q. And he wrote, "Dear Team, please refer to the information below from RDC. They have another new customer that has started purchasing the fentanyl lozenge products, which is increasing their usage." Do you see that?

Q. That's the first page.

Q. That is the e-mail that he wrote at 2:25 p.m. on that same day?

Q. And do you see on the second page of this exhibit, there are a couple of screen shots and there is a screen shot of specific orders. LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff And do you see Linden Care Pharmacy there?

Q. Next page of this exhibit, Mr. Becker, under the screen shot, wrote to Tracy Plouffe of Rochester. He wrote, "Tracy, providing an account that has increased the purchases of units or if there is a vendor having supply issues. That is the type of information I need." Do you see that?

Q. So Mr. Becker was asking his contact at Rochester for information about supply issues, correct?

Q. Ms. Tetzlaff, can you please pull out Exhibit 12.

Q. I wanted to go back to talking about the process that you personally as well as people on the SOMT went through to approve orders that had been flagged as LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff suspicious. So this particular order is one in which, as reflected in this document, Mr. Becker provided some information and you subsequently approved the release of the order; is that right?

Q. What other information did you rely on in releasing this particular order?

Q. When you say "it was a discrete review," what do you mean?

Q. Did you personally document your reasons for releasing orders anywhere?

Q. So I just want to make sure I understand by what you mean in that sentence by "the review." What do you mean?

Q. Where did she document the information that she reviewed or her process for reviewing orders?

Q. Was -- were those discussions ever documented anywhere besides in LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff e-mails?

Q. In addition to the spreadsheets that we discussed, or that you just mentioned, and we discussed an example of those spreadsheets in Exhibit 14, was there any other place in which information obtained during review of suspicious orders was recorded?

Q. What was that process?

Q. What were the related documents?

Q. What is that shared folder LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff called?

Q. But as you sit here today, you can't recall any instance in which information about orders was captured in documents other than e-mails and in those UOR spreadsheets; is that right?

Q. We looked at Exhibit 16, which is

Q. Do you have that document in front of you right now? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. Was this particular document used in reviewing suspicious orders?

Q. So Exhibit 12, which we have looked at today, mentions on the first page Linden Care Pharmacy, correct? And you have that in front of you?

Q. Well, Exhibit 12 contains on the LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff first page a screen shot from Mallinckrodt's own system that indicates that the customer of Rochester was they included Linden Care, correct?

Q. Okay. But this e-mail indicates who the pharmacy customer is, correct?

Q. And what I understood you to say

Q. Okay. So in your role as a member for several years of the suspicious order monitoring team, in reviewing suspicious orders of (Diploids that had been held for review, is it your testimony that you did not consider information provided to Mallinckrodt about particular pharmacies?

Q. So you didn't review it, yes?

Q. So Exhibit 16 was not relevant; is that your testimony?

Q. Okay. That's fine, but we have looked at other Rochester orders that followed March 19, 2014, correct?

Q. Okay. Ms. Tetzlaff, I'm going to ask you a very simple question and I would like an answer. In reviewing suspicious orders as part of your role at Mallinckrodt on the suspicious order monitoring team, did you ever consider information about any pharmacy ever?

Q. It is a yes-no question.

Q. I'm asking you, Gail Tetzlaff, you, personally, what you did during your time on the suspicious order monitoring team. Did you personally ever review pharmacy information in connection with your decision about whether to approve a suspicious order?

Q. What did Ms. Buist do in terms of reviewing orders that were determined to be suspicious; what information did she look LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff at?

Q. Were any other aspects relevant to the ordering of products?

Q. What factors were available?

Q. So your direct report, Ms. Buist, would look at, you just testified, the supply environment and market conditions, LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff correct?

Q. But as you sit here today, you can't identify any other relevant factors, correct?

Q. What data was that again?

Q. Do you mean data related to the particular customer's order history?

Q. I just want to make sure I understand the process. So you have identified three factors: The supply environment, market conditions and order history. Was there anything else? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. Can you say a little bit more about what that means?

Q. How did customer segmentation factor into whether to release particular orders?

Q. Can you say a little bit more about that? I'm really not clear what you mean. So when you say a -- "it was LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff relevant to the review and whether a particular order was identified," what do you mean by that?

Q. So I'm asking right now -- we've been talking about the process for reviewing orders that were already identified, that had already been flagged for review.

Q. I'm asking very specifically about the process for deciding whether to release or reject those orders that had already been identified. In terms of that decision, when you, Gail Tetzlaff, were deciding whether to send an e-mail to approve or not approve, how did customer segmentation LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff factor into what you decided?

Q. I'm going to hand you what has been marked as Exhibit 18. Please take a moment to look it over and let me know when you're done. This one is marked MNK NC5268936.

Q. This document, Exhibit 18, it is an e-mail chain in which Jennifer Buist, who reported to you, indicated at the top that an order had been released. That order was from Rochester for fentanyl lozenges, correct? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. And in the e-mail below the top e-mail -- they are both dated June 10, 2014 -- Karen Harper approved this order, correct?

Q. And at the bottom of that first page, Mr. Becker wrote to Ms. Buist, but it was then forwarded to you that, "Rochester drug is seeing increased sales on the fentanyl lozenge product since it was added to the RDC/OptiSource contract. RDC is expanding their coverage and is moving into the New York metro area, which is contributing to the increase in sales." Do you see that?

Q. And below that he says, "I recommend that we release the orders." Do you see that?

Q. And if you look at the second page, there is a screen shot that lists some names of pharmacies, and it includes LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff Linden Care, correct?

Q. And the next page after that, at the bottom there is some language -- well, there is -- what looks to be highlighted language that says "Customer verbiage below can be sent to outside contacts." Do you see that?

Q. And I think we've seen a couple of examples of the language at the very bottom of the page, where there is a statement that, "If the customer has experienced a significant increase in customer base or another manufacturer is experiencing supply difficulty, please provide details." Do you see that?

Q. So this order approval came after the date of Exhibit 16, which is the information sheet about Linden Care Pharmacy, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you have any knowledge as to whether the report, which is Exhibit 16, was reviewed by yourself or anyone else connected with the approval of this order, which is Exhibit 18?

Q. I would like you just to take a moment to take out Exhibit 13 again.

Q. And this is the e-mail that was sent to the DEA on January 15, 2014.

Q. And as we saw before, the last sentence of that e-mail, I'll just quote last part of it, it says that, "Mallinckrodt is going to complete an independent analysis of these suspicious orders and determine that the orders are not likely to be diverted into other-than-legitimate medical, scientific and industrial channels." Do you see that?

Q. I'm going to hand you what has LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff been marked as Exhibit 19. Please take a moment to look it over and let me know when you're done.

Q. This is marked MNK-T1 8520222. Is this an e-mail chain in which you approved an order that had been placed on hold?

Q. It was an order from Rochester Drug?

Q. Oh, did I give you the wrong one?

Q. Let me take that back from you --

Q. and we'll withdraw my description of that exhibit.

Q. And we --

Q. Sorry. I'm trying to triage here. So I'll hand you the correct exhibit and I'll put the sticker on this exhibit. So Exhibit 19 is the one I'm handing to you now and I'll hand it to counsel. This is stamped in the lower right corner, MNK-Tl 852022.

Q. So this Exhibit 19 is an e-mail chain, the last of which is dated August 18, 2015. On that date, you approved an order of opioids that had been placed on hold, correct?

Q. And that order was from Rochester, correct?

Q. And this particular order was for oxycodone, correct? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. And on the first page, Lisa Cardetti, who at that time was director of national accounts, wrote to you and some others saying, "Please see below from RDC. Their usage has increased due to recent price changes. They are also experiencing delays from other suppliers. Per the screen shot below, they have zero on hand currently and they have been selling out approximately 270 per month for the past two months." Do you see that?

Q. Ms. Cardetti sent that e-mail at 10:46 a.m. on August 18, 2015, correct?

Q. And Ms. Buist sent you an e-mail six minutes later saying, "Gail, I recommend release." Do you see that?

Q. Do you think it is possible for Ms. Buist to have done an independent LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff investigation of this order in six minutes?

Q. Did Ms. Buist do an independent investigation in the six minutes before she recommended to you that the order be released?

Q. You didn't give a reason for your approval, did you, in this e-mail?

Q. Okay. But in this document, there is nothing that you can point to that indicates that Ms. Buist did anything to verify the information that Ms. Cardetti provided, is there?

Q. Correct.

Q. I'm asking you about Ms. Buist, who reported to you.

Q. We established that earlier, right?

Q. Was Ms. Buist in the national LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff accounts division?

Q. What division was she in?

Q. Is there anything in this e-mail that indicates that Ms. Buist did anything to verify the information that was contained in Ms. Cardetti's e-mail that was sent at 10:46 a.m. on August 18, 2015?

Q. Does it state that she did anything else before deciding to send this e-mail in which she recommended release?

Q. Wait a second. I need to stop you there because all she said was "Gail, I recommend release." Can we at least agree on that?

Q. Okay. LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff And just for the record, this e-mail in the screen shots that follow Ms. Cardetti's e-mail, lists a number of pharmacies. Do you see that over the subsequent pages?

Q. You saw those names of pharmacies on August 18, 2015, when you approved this order, correct?

Q. Okay. I want to ask you about Rochester Drug Cooperative. What do you know about them?

Q. A direct customer of LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff Mallinckrodt's, right?

Q. During your time on the suspicious order monitoring team, from approximately 2010 through approximately 2015, did you ever conduct an audit of Rochester Drug?

Q. Did you

Q. Did you ever talk with anyone at Rochester Drug?

Q. During your time on the SOMT, did Mallinckrodt have a policy or procedure that required Mallinckrodt to audit its direct customers of prescription opioids?

Q. In your general career experience in compliance, would you say that audits are important to insuring compliance?

Q. Are you aware that earlier this year, Rochester Drug was charged with participating in a narcotics conspiracy by federal prosecutors?

Q. And when you say "hearing it here," do you mean when I asked the question?

Q. Okay. I'm not asking you about any LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff conversations that you had with counsel, but I'm asking you if it wasn't in a conversation with counsel, when was the first time you heard about Rochester Drug being prosecuted by the federal government?

Q. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 20. Please take a moment to look it over and let me know when you're done. This is marked -- actually, the lower Bates number in the right-hand corner is MNK-T1 511225.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. And is this the SOP concerning chargeback restricting a pharmacy?

Q. And in the lower right-hand corner it's dated effective date September 5, 2013?

Q. And at the top, it says the purpose is to standardize the process for chargeback restricting a pharmacy. Do you see that?

Q. And then under "Responsibilities" under 5.3.1, it identifies the members of the SOM leadership team. And do you see your name there?

Q. And you're listed as director of government reporting compliance; is that right?

Q. And it lists a number of responsibilities of the SOM team. LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff Well, it is the responsibility of the SOM leadership team to review the pharmacy information and provide a final decision. That's 5.3; do you see that?

Q. So this is the chargeback review program that you testified about earlier today, correct?

Q. You were involved in this program, right?

Q. Under "Procedure," Point 6, 6.1 says, "A pharmacy which may be chargeback restricted can be identified in a number of ways including but not limited to media reports, notification from a distributor and resources such as Rx News, Pharma Compliance, et cetera." Do you see that?

Q. What is your understanding of how the SOM leadership team decided whether to LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff take a closer look at a pharmacy to decide whether it should be chargeback restricted?

Q. What do you mean by "outliers"?

Q. They weren't requesting LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff chargebacks for orders of Mallinckrodt products, correct?

Q. They were buying your products, correct?

Q. And they were delivering them to pharmacies, correct?

Q. And Mallinckrodt, through the chargeback process, received information about the particular pharmacies to which Mallinckrodt products were delivered, correct?

Q. I want to go back to the word you LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff used earlier, which was "outlier."

Q. In the context of a pharmacy ordering opioids, what does that mean? What would constitute an outlier in terms of the chargeback information that you saw during your time on the SOM leadership team?

Q. How do you -- how did you define top pharmacies?

Q. When you say "quantity," are you referring to the number of opioid pills, Mallinckrodt opioid pills that were delivered to particular pharmacies in each month?

Q. In that process, did Mallinckrodt consider, and did you in -- you personally consider the location of the pharmacies? What I mean by that is, did you consider whether the outliers, as you put it, were defined based on, you know, the population of the locality of the pharmacy?

Q. So a pharmacy that may have been at the top of the list in terms of pills that were delivered to that pharmacy, Mallinckrodt pills, if it was a pharmacy in

Q. I'm glad that your powers of recollection extended to that example, but you didn't answer my question, so I will have the court reporter read it back to you.

Q. A pharmacy that may have been at the top of the list in terms of pills delivered to that pharmacy, if it were in a small community, that would be a big concern to Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. I'm asking you specifically that scenario. And I understand it is a hypothetical. But if a pharmacy in a small community were at the top of the list in terms of sheer number of pills delivered to the pharmacy, as reflected in Mallinckrodt's chargeback data to you, would that have been a concern?

Q. And so when you say "review of the pharmacy," do you mean asking the distributor for information about the pharmacy?

Q. During your time on the SOM leadership team, to your knowledge, did any staff from Mallinckrodt ever conduct any diligence on their own regarding pharmacies to which Mallinckrodt products were delivered?

Q. Meaning them personally.

Q. And would that have been Mr. Gillies, the director of global LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff security?

Q. Do you recall how frequently he did those?

Q. Do you recall any discussions regarding chargeback restricting pharmacies in the state of New York?

Q. And that VA example that you recalled a few minutes ago, was that a VA located in the state of New York?

Q. I'm going to hand you what has been marked as Exhibit 21. Please take a LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff moment to look it over and let me know when you're done. This one is marked MNK-NY542097.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Okay. This document is an e-mail exchange in which you wrote at the top of the first page to Julie DePriest with a copy to Jen Buist, "I apologize for the delay in responding to this issue. Karen had asked me to follow up at the time and I'm afraid I completely dropped the ball." Do you see that?

Q. What did you completely drop the ball about?

Q. If you look at the second page, at the top, Ms. DePriest e-mailed Karen Harper. You're not on this one. But she wrote, "Since when? We never had a process in place for restricted accounts." Do you see that?

Q. So is that -- yeah, please go ahead.

Q. Was she involved in the administration of Mallinckrodt's contracts with its customers?

Q. Well, if you look towards the end of this exhibit, there is -- the first-in-time e-mails are regarding an AmerisourceBergen chargeback claim request.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. What was -- does that refresh your recollection as to what the issue was that you said you completely dropped the ball on?

Q. Was the issue here that information about chargeback restrictions on orders to particular pharmacies, that information was not communicated to the people at Mallinckrodt who handled Mallinckrodt's contracts with its direct customers? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. Right.

Q. Do you recall whether there was any change to the communication about information relating to chargeback restrictions after you sent this e-mail on January 18, 2013?

Q. I'm going to hand you what has been marked as Exhibit 22. Please look it over and let me know when you're done. This one is marked MNK-NY 99170.

Q. Is this an e-mail that Jen Buist sent to you and other members of the SiT on August 28, 2012 about an SOM audit of McKesson Northeast?

Q. Ms. Buist wrote to the group, including you in the first sentence, "I had

Q. And two paragraphs down, I'm not going to read it, but I'm just going to paraphrase, it describes a pharmacy in Elizabeth, New Jersey called Take Care. Do you see that?

Q. And I will actually quote the next sentence. It says, "He mentioned this pharmacy has only been in operation since June of 2012 and the owner is filling for Dr. Hector Castro, a top 500 doc who is a heart specialist located out of New York City." Do you see that?

Q. To your knowledge, did Mallinckrodt ever restrict chargebacks to the Take Care Pharmacy?

Q. Is this the sort of information a top-500 doc writing prescriptions in one city that are filled in another state -- is that the sort of information that in the chargeback analysis segment of the SOMP, is that the sort of information that would be discussed?

Q. Is a pharmacy filling prescriptions written by a doctor in another state a red flag of potential diversion?

Q. Earlier today, you testified about some red flags with respect to LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff pharmacies. Do you recall that?

Q. Leaving aside the particular geographic juxtaposition of Elizabeth and Midtown Manhattan, generally speaking, in your role on the SOMT at Mallinckrodt, in particular with respect to the chargeback program that we looked at in an exhibit a few minutes ago, is knowledge of a prescriber whose prescriptions are filled at a pharmacy located far away from his practice, is that the sort of thing that would cause Mallinckrodt to get more information about the pharmacy?

Q. In order to determine whether it is available, you have to ask for it, right?

Q. For this particular pharmacy, the Take Care Pharmacy in Elizabeth, New Jersey?

Q. So I'm not asking about this particular pharmacy. But in general, is it a red flag when a pharmacy fills prescriptions that were written by doctors who practice far away from the pharmacy?

Q. And during your time on the SOMT when you were involved in the chargeback review process, is that the sort of information that would or did cause your LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff group to want to learn more about a particular pharmacy?

Q. Did you know that Dr. Hector Castro was convicted of illegal prescribing?

Q. During your time on the SOMT, if you heard about indictments or convictions of prescribers -- or let me ask it this way: Did you ever hear about convictions or indictments of prescribers during your time on the SOMT?

Q. Can you recall specific examples? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. I'm going to hand you what has been marked as Exhibit 23. Please take a moment to look it over and let me know when you're done.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. So this is -- and if I didn't say it, it is marked MNK-NY 529652. This is an e-mail chain that you're involved in, in September of 2013, regarding a doctor in New York State who faced felony drug charges for giving away pills; is that right?

Q. Yeah, subject line is

Q. -- DR in NY State Faces Felony Drug Charges for Giving Away Pills."

Q. At the bottom, you wrote an e-mail to Brian Elsbernd on September 20, 2013. And you wrote, "The below doctor is on our target list. Per the LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff prescription data in the attached file from Jen, he does not appear to have written any Exalgo scripts. I also do not find any HCP Spend transactions or contracts. He is in Territory 50103, which is Brad Albus under Jay Raga's district. What is our process in this case?" Do you see that?

Q. So as of September 20, 2013, you did not know the process in this case; is that right?

Q. So your words were "What is our process in this case?" Correct?

Q. And this e-mail chain was about a doctor in Port Jervis, New York who faced felony drug charges in giving away pills; LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff is that right?

Q. Do you recall whether the information reflected in this e-mail about this particular doctor was used in any way in Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever use information like this about a prescriber who faced drug charges or who had been convicted of illegal prescribing -- did Mallinckrodt ever use that type of information in its suspicious order LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff monitoring program?

Q. How about in the chargeback review process?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt have a process in place during your time on the SOMT to track indictments and convictions of prescribers relating to opioids?

Q. I'm going to hand you what's been marked as Exhibit 24. This is marked in the lower right corner. It's got two markings. The bottom one is MNK-Tl 567856.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Does this appear to you to be a distributor customer audit checklist for AmerisourceBergen Corp.?

Q. You said that you recalled a distributor audit checklist. And this is specifically for controlled substance compliance, suspicious order monitoring. You recall -- you said that you recall seeing a checklist like this; is that right?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt complete a distributor audit checklist for each of its distributor customers?

Q. Do you recall any specifics about the audit that is reflected in this LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff document?

Q. Do you recall any specifics about the audit that was -- that is reflected in this document?

Q. During your time on the SOMT, were you involved in any discussions regarding Mallinckrodt's audits of its distributor customers?

Q. Do you recall any details about those discussions?

Q. Ms. Tetzlaff, welcome back. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 25. Please take a moment to look it over and let me know when you're done. This is stamped in the lower right corner MNK-Tl 8435608.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. What kind of visit? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. Does the heading on the first page at the top say "Cardinal Health SOM Audit March 5 through 6, 2012, Dublin, Ohio?

Q. And then above that, it has got the Mallinckrodt name and Covidien name, right?

Q. And for Mallinckrodt participants, you're listed, correct?

Q. And your title is listed as direct -- director of government reporting; is that right?

Q. Do you recall anything about that SOM audit in March 2012?

Q. Does this document suggest to you LEGAL SERVICES Page 2 63 Tetzlaff that you personally went to Ohio for that audit?

Q. Do you recall making trips to any other distributor customers for audits?

Q. Do you recall why Mallinckrodt went to Cardinal in Ohio in 2012 for this audit?

Q. But this audit specifically; do you recall why it took place in March of 2012?

Q. If you turn to the third page and actually, before I ask you a question on this, so the last exhibit that we looked at, which was Exhibit 24, that was a LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff checklist. If you still have that in front of you

Q. Do you see that?

Q. This, Exhibit 25, is not in the form of a checklist; is that right?

Q. On the third page of Exhibit 25 under "Comments," second paragraph, it says, "Within all SOPs reviewed, the responsibilities section was not completed. It is recommended the section state the responsibilities or remove the section." Do you see that?

Q. What is your recollection of why that comment was included in this summary report?

Q. Sitting here today, can you think of any reason why Mallinckrodt would have LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff included that comment in the report?

Q. Did Cardinal complete the responsibilities section of those SOPs?

Q. Did you ever follow up with them on that?

Q. To your knowledge, did Mallinckrodt conduct any other audits of Cardinal after March 2012? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. I didn't ask about a visit. I asked about an audit of any kind.

Q. Under "Requests," the first bullet point says, "Cardinal requested notification of Mallinckrodt plans of pharmacy on-site visit." Do you see that?

Q. Does that indicate to you that Mallinckrodt did on-site visits to pharmacies?

Q. To your knowledge, did Mallinckrodt notify its distributor customers before visiting pharmacies?

Q. The third-to-last bullet point says, "Mallinckrodt will revisit Cardinal's SOM program in Q2 FY2012." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall whether Mallinckrodt revisited Cardinal's SOM program in the second quarter of 2012?

Q. When you say "we," are you including yourself personally?

Q. With whom at Cardinal did you ever speak?

Q. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 26. Please take a moment to look it over and let me know when you're done. And this one is marked in the lower right corner MNK NYAG330035.

Q. Is this a Mallinckrodt memo to file that Jen Buist wrote on April 29, 2014 on which you're copied?

Q. And is it regarding oxycodone 15 and 30 milligram analysis, New York, April 2014?

Q. Please turn to the last page of the exhibit. LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff Actually, make that the third page, so page 037. So there

Q. There is an e-mail at the bottom of the page pasted in there from Mr. Kazemi to a number of people. And he says he is at a meeting, and at the meetings, customers mentioned they are seeing business moved to oxy IR. And then in parens he writes "(In NY, supposedly physicians are thinking that if they are going to prescribe a CII, they might as well write for something strong.)" Do you see that?

Q. And then he writes, "In New York State, the oxy IR usage has supposedly tripled, raising concerns with several state governmental entities. Is there a way we can check to see if this is actually LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff happening in New York?" Do you see that?

Q. Now, can you please turn to the last page. And this is a chart depicting oxycodone 30 milligram chargebacks in New York. Do you see that?

Q. And it is a -- it is actually a graph. And if you will follow along with me, it is not color-coded, it is in black-and-white. But from the symbols, we can tell which line means what. And the top line -- actually, the -- it is the -- if you look at the right top part of this chart, do you see the number 542700?

Q. And that is the -- do you see that that's the oxycodone 30 line?

Q. And if you look to the left of LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff the chart, that line back in November 2013 was 269,900. Do you see that?

Q. And then it grows to 542,000, correct?

Q. So 542,000 is more than double 270,000, correct?

Q. So this shows the number of chargebacks for oxycodone in New York State in those time periods, right?

Q. If you turn to the next-to-last page, there is a graph for oxycodone 15 milligram chargebacks in New York. Do you see that?

Q. And if you look to the left-hand side of this graph, the line in the middle, there is a number, 48,500. Do you see that?

Q. That is the oxycodone 15 line. Do you see that?

Q. And in November 2013, that was the number of chargebacks, 48,500, correct?

Q. And then in November -- sorry, March 2014, the number of chargebacks for oxycodone 15 milligram in New York was 74,400 -- or 800. Do you see that?

Q. And that's a 50 percent increase over the November 2013 number, correct?

Q. If you turn to the first page of the document, Ms. Buist's comments were -- she talks about an analysis of oxycodone 15 and 30 milligram chargebacks specific to New York State being conducted to determine if usage has increased. Do you see that?

Q. And then she wrote, "Upon LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff analysis, it was determined volume of chargebacks has increased for both oxycodone 15 and 30 milligram; however, the number of pharmacies has also increased. The average per pharmacy is of normal variability." Do you see that?

Q. And then below that she wrote, "At this time, New York is not a greater-than-average concern." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall any discussions about this memo?

Q. At the time, Ms. Buist concluded that a doubling of oxycodone 30 milligram chargebacks in New York State over a five-month period was not a greater-than-average concern; is that right?

Q. And the last page that we looked at a moment ago shows that the number of oxycodone 30 milligram chargebacks in New LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff York State had increased 50 percent over a five-month period ending in March 2014, correct?

Q. In fact --

Q. In fact, I will correct myself. It actually doubled, so it was a 200 percent increase.

Q. Yeah, the last -- yeah.

Q. So that's what that shows, that last page, that the oxycodone 30 milligram chargebacks in New York had double over a five-month period ending in March 2014, correct?

Q. Ms. Tetzlaff, just a few questions for you before we wrap up. How long have you been employed at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And how long have you been in the compliance department?

Q. Mr. Reisman asked a number of questions today pertaining to your title, director of government reporting compliance.

Q. Do you remember that --

Q. -- line of questioning?

Q. When did you first get the title, director of government reporting compliance?

Q. When you joined the compliance department in 2010, what did the term "government reporting" in your title refer to?

Q. When you started in the department in 2010, did you have any responsibility whatsoever for suspicious order monitoring?

Q. And during that time where you had no responsibility whatsoever for suspicious order monitoring, did you still have the title director of government reporting?

Q. Well, let me ask this, Ms. Tetzlaff: During approximately what time period did you have responsibilities with respect to suspicious order monitoring?

Q. And outside of that time period, did you have any responsibilities with respect to suspicious order monitoring?

Q. Did you have the title director of government reporting compliance even during the time period you didn't have any responsibilities with respect to suspicious order reporting?

Q. Ms. Tetzlaff, are you familiar with the Controlled Substances Compliance Group?

Q. Were you a member of the Controlled Substances Compliance Group?

Q. Is there anyone at Mallinckrodt whose full-time job it is to deal with controlled substances compliance issues?

Q. Was controlled substances compliance 100 percent of your job?

Q. As you sit here today, are you able to tell us every step the Controlled Substances Compliance Group might have taken to prevent diversion at Mallinckrodt?

Q. As you sit here today, are you in LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. Ms. Tetzlaff, were you ever primarily responsible for suspicious order monitoring?

Q. When I say "primarily responsible," I'm referring to the context in which Mr. Reisman used it earlier today Do you remember the questioning about whether you were primarily responsible for suspicious ordering --

Q. -- data analysis? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. Okay. What do you understand me to mean by "primarily responsible"?

Q. Okay. So with that understanding of the term, were you ever the person at Mallinckrodt who was primarily responsible for suspicious order monitoring?

Q. Okay. I want to take a quick look at Exhibit number 6 in the pile in front of you. You were asked some questions earlier about this document. Do you remember that? LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff

Q. Specifically, you were asked about the documents on the excluded items list; is that right?

Q. Okay. If a product is on the excluded items list with respect to the UOR, does that mean it is excluded from the suspicious order monitoring program altogether?

Q. Oh, go ahead.

Q. Was it the only element?

Q. When you made a decision to LEGAL SERVICES Tetzlaff release an order from a hold, did you write down every single reason that you had for releasing that order?

Q. And do you know if your team, including Jen Buist, wrote down every single reason they had for recommending release of an order?
