Witness:  George Saffold
Attorney: MS. Keech
Source:   MNKOI0004561138
============================================================

Q. Good morning. Can you please state and spell your name for the record?

Q. And where do you currently reside?

Q. Are you currently employed?

Q. Where?

Q. And where is VF located?

Q. And you understand that you're under oath today, right?

Q. Are you taking any medication or is there any other reason that would interfere with your ability to testify truthfully and fully today?

Q. Okay. And if I ask a question you don't understand, please let me know and I will try and rephrase it.

Q. Have you ever testified in a deposition or trial before?

Q. I'm sure your counsel explained some general rules, but I'll also go over some as well. The court reporter here has the important job of transcribing everything that we're saying to each other, so it's important that we don't talk over one another, and give audible answers. So, please, if I ask a yes-or-no question, rather than shaking your head, please answer yes or no. Does that sound good?

Q. And are you represented by Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review counsel here today?

Q. And who are they?

Q. Okay. From time to time, your counsel may object to questioning. Unless you get a clear instruction not to respond, I would ask that you respond to my question, okay?

Q. And to the extent that you need

Q. Sir, I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 1.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. And what is it?

Q. Okay. And when did you first see this document?

Q. Would you turn with me to Schedule A? Do you see the request to bring documents?

Q. And did you search for documents that were responsive to this?

Q. Did you look in your own personal paper or electronic files?

Q. Did you ever use your personal e-mail to communicate with your work colleagues or customers about your work while you were employed with Mallinckrodt?

Q. How about text messages?

Q. Did you review your phone or personal computer for work-related text messages or e-mails? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Did anyone ask you to do that?

Q. And what did you do to prepare for this deposition today?

Q. Did you review any deposition transcripts or complaints or other papers filed in this litigation?

Q. And when you met with your attorneys, was it in person?

Q. Okay. And without telling me the content of your conversations, did you review documents with your attorneys?

Q. And did reviewing documents refresh your recollection of any past events? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. How so?

Q. Did you speak with anyone else prior to this deposition, any former colleagues, friends still at the company?

Q. And are you being reimbursed by anyone for your expenses in connection with this deposition?

Q. Are you being compensated by anyone for your time in connection with your attendance or preparation for this deposition, including searching for your documents?

Q. Did you graduate from college?

Q. Where?

Q. Can you spell that?

Q. In what year? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Can you briefly describe your job history after high school to the present?

Q. Thank you. Before joining Mallinckrodt, did you have any experience in the pharmaceutical industry?

Q. Can you tell me a little bit more about your role in data integrity? What did that involve? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Thank you. And what year did you begin employment with Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you recall when you transitioned to customer service?

Q. So how long would you estimate that you were in the data integrity group?

Q. Okay. Do you hold any professional licenses or certificates?

Q. And what are they?

Q. And where did you obtain that certification?

Q. Have you taken any courses related to distribution of controlled substances?

Q. Are you familiar with the claims asserted in this litigation?

Q. And generally speaking, what do you understand the claims to be?

Q. Anything else?

Q. Okay. Do you have a view as to the merits of any of the claims?

Q. And when did you learn about this litigation?

Q. Do you recall when you saw that 60 Minutes episode?

Q. Thanks for clarifying. Any idea as far as how many years ago that was or how recently you saw the advertisement?

Q. Okay. And thank you for running through your positions at Mallinckrodt earlier. Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review For each position, did your duties require you to be familiar with the Controlled Substances Act or regulations thereunder?

Q. In any of your positions at Mallinckrodt, were you given any training regarding the Controlled Substances Act or any of its regulations?

Q. And can you please describe which positions required you -- or provided that training?

Q. Any other positions?

Q. And what year did you become director?

Q. 2009. So is it fair to say that prior Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review to 2009, you were given no training at Mallinckrodt with regard to the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. And can you describe the training that you were given?

Q. And what did you understand those obligations to be?

Q. So you had a responsibility to report anomalies. Can you give an example of the type of anomaly?

Q. When you would raise issues with the DEA compliance team internally at Mallinckrodt, would you then receive verification that that issue was actually reported to the DEA?

Q. So fair to say you trusted that the DEA compliance team would follow through with whatever you raised to them?

Q. And can you describe your job description as a customer service Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review representative and director?

Q. Actually, if you could walk through each of them, that would be great.

Q. And your role as customer service director?

Q. In each of your capacities.

Q. So when you assumed responsibility for active pharmaceutical ingredients or API and dosage, can you describe your responsibilities in that role or that capacity?

Q. So in your role as director of global customer service, who did you report to? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. And who was that?

Q. And was he -- were you his direct report when you left Mallinckrodt?

Q. And who was your supervisor at that point in time?

Q. And did she evaluate your performance?

Q. Did George Morrison?

Q. And how was the evaluation conducted? How frequently?

Q. Is there a written record of your annual review? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Okay. So you don't know who would maintain those performance evaluations?

Q. And when you were evaluated, were you evaluated based on any particular metrics?

Q. Do you recall what they were?

Q. Any other factors?

Q. Do you recall if your performance was at all tied to sales?

Q. And you indicated that you left Mallinckrodt in March of 2017. Is that correct? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. And what were the circumstances under which you left?

Q. Was it voluntary?

Q. When you left Mallinckrodt, did you receive a severance payment?

Q. And what was the amount of the severance?

Q. Did you have a severance agreement?

Q. And did it limit what you were allowed to say about Mallinckrodt? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Were there any other restrictions in the severance agreement?

Q. Do you still have it?

Q. Did you disclose it?

Q. So up until you left Mallinckrodt, did you consider yourself a successful director of global customer service?

Q. Did you ever think about your performance as a Mallinckrodt employee?

Q. And what did you think about your performance?

Q. You complied with workplace rules?

Q. And you did your job the way that Mallinckrodt expected you to do your job?

Q. Would you say that you were well regarded by your peers at Mallinckrodt?

Q. What about your supervisors? Do you have an impression of what their view of you was?

Q. And what was that?

Q. And would you say that you're detail-oriented? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. So not detail-oriented, but order accuracy was one of your performance metrics?

Q. Were you personally evaluated with regard to order accuracy?

Q. Okay. So as global customer service director, how -- strike that. In your capacity as global customer service director, did you get to know your customers?

Q. Were there some that you were more well acquainted with than others?

Q. And do you recall which customers?

Q. Can you describe your relationship with each of the Big Three?

Q. Both professionally and personally if --

Q. Did you ever attend dinners with any individuals from the Big Three?

Q. And do you recall who else was present at those dinners?

Q. How would you define "large group"? More or less than five?

Q. And did you get to know the Big Three customers?

Q. What did you know about their companies?

Q. No specific recollections about any of the Big Three companies?

Q. Did you seek to retain customers?

Q. So no effort was put into retaining customers as the director of Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review customer --

Q. And which customers were you responsible for?

Q. In your last role at Mallinckrodt.

Q. Do you recall what your salary was when you started at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you receive raises while you were there?

Q. And can you walk me through your raises that you received and when you received them, to the extent that you Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review remember?

Q. Do you recall what your salary was when you left Mallinckrodt?

Q. And what was it?

Q. Did you also receive bonuses while you were there?

Q. And do you recall the size of the bonus when you left?

Q. Did you receive multiple bonuses?

Q. Can you describe to me the various bonuses you received?

Q. I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 2, bearing Bates stamp MNK-T1 0007219867.

Q. Do you recognize that document?

Q. And is that the retention bonus that you just referred to?

Q. What were the circumstances surrounding this retention payment?

Q. And prior to receiving this retention bonus, did you express dissatisfaction to anyone at Mallinckrodt regarding your employment there?

Q. In the second paragraph on this document, it says: Because your knowledge and skills are critical to the company during this transition period, you are eligible for

Q. Okay. Thank you. So going back to the customers, Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review how much information was available to you about Mallinckrodt's customers?

Q. As the director of global customer service.

Q. Can you describe your level of interaction with the Big Three customers?

Q. Did you have a role in generating opioid sales?

Q. Did anyone under customer service review peculiar or unusual orders?

Q. And who did that?

Q. And during what time period did the manager of dosage review peculiar orders?

Q. Did customer service representatives ever monitor peculiar or suspicious orders?

Q. Are you aware that Mallinckrodt had a duty to design and implement a Suspicious Order Monitoring program?

Q. And were you aware of that duty when you were employed by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Who informed you of that duty? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. And do you recall when you learned of this duty?

Q. And were you personally involved in monitoring suspicious orders during your employment at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Were you involved in auditing any of Mallinckrodt's customers?

Q. Do you know whether Mallinckrodt conducted audits of its customers?

Q. And what do you understand the purpose of an audit to be?

Q. Do you know how Mallinckrodt determined who to audit?

Q. Do you recall which entities Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review that Mallinckrodt audited?

Q. So you just indicated you don't know the purpose of an audit. Do you know the mechanics of an audit, in general terms?

Q. So you don't know what Mallinckrodt would look at?

Q. Who it spoke with?

Q. Okay. You're not aware of whether Mallinckrodt had a specific audit procedure to follow?

Q. When you describe Mallinckrodt's own internal audit, what are you referring to?

Q. So you are aware of a group within Mallinckrodt that was auditing your capacity?

Q. But fair to say you're not aware of whether Mallinckrodt audited any of its customers?

Q. Okay. And were you aware that in 2010, Mallinckrodt identified various indirect customers who were purchasing from multiple Mallinckrodt distributors?

Q. Did you ever make a determination that a customer had suspicious orders?

Q. Are you aware of whether Mallinckrodt ever made a determination that any of its customers had suspicious orders? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Are you aware that manufacturers and distributors of narcotics must comply with the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Are opioids narcotics?

Q. And Mallinckrodt manufacturers opioids, correct?

Q. And are you familiar with the requirements of the Controlled Substances Act as it relates to a manufacturer of controlled substances?

Q. So earlier, when you indicated that members of DEA compliance talk about the importance of compliance, did they ever discuss the Controlled Substances Act? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Do you feel that your training was adequate with regard to what your duties and responsibilities were?

Q. But you don't recall what any of those duties and responsibilities are?

Q. Can you describe your duties and responsibilities as they relate to compliance?

Q. Are you familiar with the term "closed system" for opioid distribution? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. This means that only people or entities that are registrants under the Controlled Substances Act can be involved in the distribution of controlled substances.

Q. Does that sound familiar?

Q. And that concept, would you agree that the purpose of that is to minimize theft and diversion of controlled substances?

Q. And would you agree that a registrant's failure to meet its obligations under the Controlled Substances Act can result in controlled substances being diverted from legitimate channels?

Q. Would you agree that a manufacturer that sells controlled substances to distribute -- to distributors who then recklessly distribute opioids is engaged in diversion?

Q. So what do effective controls to prevent diversion mean to you?

Q. The Controlled Substances Act Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review requires a Suspicious Order Monitoring system, correct?

Q. What does the term "Suspicious Order Monitoring system" mean to you?

Q. And Mallinckrodt had a Suspicious Order Monitoring program, correct?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt have a duty to identify suspicious orders of Mallinckrodt products?

Q. Do you know if they had a duty to report suspicious orders to the DEA?

Q. And Mallinckrodt's distributor customers are called direct customers, correct?

Q. How did you refer to Mallinckrodt's distributor customers?

Q. Okay. How about customers that those distributors and wholesalers then sold Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review product to?

Q. Sure. Did you have a term for the customers of Mallinckrodt's distributor customers?

Q. Correct.

Q. Did you ever hear either the term "indirect" or "downstream" customer for those entities?

Q. We've been going about an hour. Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review Would now be a good time for a break?

Q. Would you agree that there is an opioid crisis or prescription drug abuse epidemic facing the country?

Q. Have you ever received a communication from Mallinckrodt regarding the existence of an opioid epidemic?

Q. In what year did you realize there was an opioid epidemic?

Q. And when did you develop this understanding?

Q. Was it while you were still employed by Mallinckrodt or after leaving?

Q. Did you ever discuss it with anyone at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And are you aware of whether Mallinckrodt products have contributed to this problem?

Q. Mallinckrodt sold oxy 15 milligrams and oxy 30 milligrams, correct?

Q. And Mallinckrodt's distributor customers purchased millions of these products from Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. And did you ever come to realize at some point in time that Mallinckrodt's Suspicious Order Monitoring system that Mallinckrodt was using to identify diversion by its distributor clients was not adequate?

Q. Thank you. Do you agree that as a director of customer service, it was important for you to keep up to date on the news about opioid abuse and diversion?

Q. Did you think it was important for you to know whether any of Mallinckrodt's customers were sanctioned for their business practices related to distribution of Mallinckrodt's products?

Q. And are you familiar with the term "migration" as it applies to opioid products?

Q. Have you ever heard the phrase "Oxy Express" or "Blue Highway"?

Q. And what do you believe that term or phrase to signify?

Q. And were you aware while you were at Mallinckrodt that a significant number or volume of opioids, particularly oxycodone, was first being sent to Florida where they would then migrate to other states?

Q. Were you aware that large Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review volumes of Mallinckrodt product were going to Florida?

Q. Ever hear anyone discuss Florida as it relates to an opioid epidemic or problem distributors?

Q. And what was the context of those communications?

Q. I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 3, bearing Bates numbers MNK-Tl 000290150. And this is an e-mail sent from Victor Borelli on Wednesday, July 29th, Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review 2009. You are on the "to" line. Do you recall receiving this e-mail?

Q. Do you have any reason to doubt its authenticity?

Q. Turning to the second page, can you read aloud the third paragraph down beginning with the phrase "Statistics show"?

Q. And can you read --

Q. Thank you. Do you agree with that statement, that prescription drug abuse is a significant problem in this country?

Q. Do you agree that the illegal distribution of controlled substances currently has a substantial and detrimental effect on the health and general welfare of the American people?

Q. Do you agree that the illegal distribution of controlled substances currently has a substantial and detrimental effect on the health and general welfare of the American people?

Q. Okay. And turning to the first page of this document, it indicates that south Florida has become the largest supplier of illegal prescription drugs in this country. Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review Were you aware of that?

Q. In 2009.

Q. So beginning in 2009, after receiving this e-mail, you were aware that south Florida had become the largest supplier of illegal prescriptions in the country?

Q. Okay. And were you also aware, as Victor Borelli wrote, that doctor shopping occurs in the state of Florida?

Q. Do you have any reason to doubt Victor Borelli's statement there that doctor shopping was happening in Florida?

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with the term "pill mill"? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. And what do you understand that to mean?

Q. Thank you.

Q. I'm now handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 4, a document bearing Bates stamp MNK-Tl 0007179935.

Q. This is an e-mail sent from Karen Harper to you on October 31st, 2009, regarding fentanyl fanny packs. Do you recall receiving this e-mail?

Q. The last sentence or second-to-last sentence of Ms. Harper's e-mail says: Fentanyl pops accidentally obtained by children would lead to certain overdose and death.

Q. Are you aware that people have died from overdoses of opioids?

Q. Okay. And do you agree with Karen's statement that if Mallinckrodt products got into the wrong hands, it could result in death?

Q. Thank you. You can set that aside. Are you familiar with the term "suspicious order"?

Q. And what do you believe that to Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review mean?

Q. Do you know what characteristics Mallinckrodt was looking for in order to flag such orders?

Q. Okay. Did Mallinckrodt order -- excuse me. Did Mallinckrodt flag orders of unusual size?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt flag orders deviating substantially from a normal pattern?

Q. Okay. So fair to say you don't know whether orders of unusual frequency were flagged either? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Okay. Were you ever trained to detect suspicious orders for prescription medications?

Q. Are you familiar with the term "peculiar order"?

Q. And can you define that, please?

Q. So what types of scenarios would result in a flag or, in other words, they're outside of what Mallinckrodt would expect?

Q. So can you describe what any red flags would be?

Q. Were you involved in helping Mallinckrodt identify any suspicious orders?

Q. Were you on the Suspicious Order Monitoring team?

Q. And you said earlier Mallinckrodt had an SOM team, correct?

Q. Do you recall when it was formed?

Q. So is it your testimony that you were not involved in the SOM team in any way?

Q. Okay. Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Were you involved in the SOM team in any way?

Q. How so?

Q. And who were your direct reports that were on the team?

Q. So did Jim Rausch and Cathy Stewart essentially switch positions from API to dosage?

Q. And when did that switch occur?

Q. Okay. What was the basis for that switch?

Q. So was it your perception that managing dosage was more difficult than managing API or bulk?

Q. Just a different experience?

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with the term "do not ship list"?

Q. And what is that?

Q. So what is your understanding of the purpose of the do not ship list?

Q. And how did an entity end up on Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review the do not ship list?

Q. Okay.

Q. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 5, bearing Bates number MNK-T1 000263249.

Q. Do you recognize this e-mail?

Q. It's an e-mail sent from Cathy Stewart on November 17th, 2009, sent to Karen Harper and Jim Rausch, and you were CC'd along with Bill Ratliff. Do you have any reason to doubt the authenticity of this e-mail?

Q. Okay. And this e-mail indicates that Mallinckrodt was planning to have the do not ship list administered by Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review CDIG. That's the customer data integrity group? Is that correct?

Q. And do you know the circumstances as to why Mallinckrodt was transitioning the do not ship list?

Q. And Cathy states on the second page of the e-mail: I'd like to eliminate our manual Excel spreadsheet to keep track of these customers. It's a process that lends itself to errors and omissions. Additionally, although good intentioned, I'm concerned that a customer listed on the do not ship list will inadvertently receive product from us.

Q. Would you agree with that?

Q. Okay. And were you aware that at the time Mallinckrodt was using a manual do not ship list?

Q. Okay. And do you know how often the manual spreadsheet was updated?

Q. Okay. Cathy goes on to say: We can then proceed with credit doing a check on the website for physicians that are under investigation and how to handle customers who may have been denied shipments previously but have taken steps to clean house and are now reapproved to do business with us again, perhaps even under the same company name.

Q. Were you aware that certain physicians were under investigation at Mallinckrodt or by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you know what was involved in this reapproval process that Cathy refers to?

Q. Is your understanding, after ready Cathy Stewart's e-mail here, that essentially, if a company was cut off for suspicious orders, provided they passed a subsequent credit check, that Mallinckrodt could then resume providing product to them?

Q. What is your understanding of the process after a company was cut off for suspicious orders and then wanted to repurchase product from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay.

Q. I'm now handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 6 bearing Mallinckrodt Bates number MNK-T1 0000302469. Do you recognize this document?

Q. And what is it?

Q. And can you read aloud the stated goal?

Q. Thank you. And you indicated that this was

Q. Okay. And was this a goal that you generated for him?

Q. Okay. And what is S-O-X or SOX testing?

Q. Okay. And can you describe that?

Q. I'm now handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 7, bearing Bates number MNK-T1 0000303789. Do you recognize this?

Q. What is this document?

Q. Okay. It does say that you're on -- that you were the sender of this document.

Q. Is that correct, according to the document? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. This e-mail indicates that Jim Rausch's individual goal was approved.

Q. Is that consistent with your recollection?

Q. Okay. And was Jim Rausch's compensation tied to his goal?

Q. Do you know whether he accomplished his goal?

Q. Can you tell me more about how his compensation was tied to his goal?

Q. Okay. So were you familiar with the Suspicious Order Monitoring program?

Q. Okay. But you oversaw Jim Rausch, who was working on that?

Q. Thank you. Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 8, bearing Bates number MNK-Tl 000263201. This is an e-mail from Karen Harper to Cathy Stewart sent on January 19th, 2001. And in this correspondence, Karen e-mails Cathy Stewart following up on an e-mail indicating that they turn off the 30-day cumulative increase trigger until George resolves and asking if George mentioned anything about having gotten feedback on how to fix the formula.

Q. In this e-mail, do you know whether they were referring to you?

Q. Was there any other George that worked with you in Mallinckrodt?

Q. Any in customer service?

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with the term "30-day cumulative increase trigger"?

Q. Were you at all involved in the formula involved in the Suspicious Order Monitoring program?

Q. Do you know who Mansfield is?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 9, bearing Bates number MNK-T1 000496062. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Any reason to doubt its Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review authenticity?

Q. This is a Suspicious Order Monitoring team charter indicating that the team started on March 28, 2008. Is that correct?

Q. Okay. And this charter indicates that you were on the SOM steering committee.

Q. And that you attended meetings once per quarter. Is that correct?

Q. Okay. So --

Q. Okay. Did you attend meetings for this Suspicious Order Monitoring team?

Q. Did you receive communications regarding the Suspicious Order Monitoring team?

Q. Did you participate in any way?

Q. So how would you describe your role as a steering committee member?

Q. Were you familiar with the process description of the Suspicious Order Monitoring team?

Q. Can you read the process description on this document?

Q. Thank you. So as a steering committee member, were you aware of the DEA requirements for developing an SOM?

Q. I'm now handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 10, bearing Bates number MNK-T1 000496098.

Q. And this document is the Mallinckrodt Controlled Substance Suspicious Order Monitoring Program, Presentation for Marketing Group dated March 21st, 2011. Are you familiar with this document? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Any reason to doubt its authenticity?

Q. Can you please turn with me to page 4 of the document.

Q. This lists you and Jim Rausch as the SOM representatives from the customer service department, correct?

Q. And were you a member of the procedure team?

Q. Okay. Did you have any other roles on the SOM team?

Q. Can you describe your role as a member of the procedure team?

Q. Do you know how team members were selected?

Q. And Karen Harper was the team leader? Is that correct?

Q. What was your working relationship with Karen Harper, if any?

Q. And Jim Rausch was your direct report, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you know who generated this PowerPoint?

Q. Can you please turn your attention to page 2 of the PowerPoint. This is difficult to read. It's difficult to see on the paper, but I can represent to you that it reads: Perry Moore, the executive producer of the Chronicles of Narnia movies, was found dead in his New York apartment Thursday, February 17th, 2011, after an Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review apparent overdose, reports the New York Daily News. The 39-year-old producer was found in the bathroom around 9:30 a.m. by partner Hunter Hill. Moore's father, Bill, tells the Daily News, "We're in shock. He was in a great, great mood when we spoke with him the night before. No one was expecting this." Were you aware that people were dying from prescription drug overdoses?

Q. Okay. And please turn with me to page 6 of this document. And this addresses DEA policy on suspicious orders. Were you aware of these requirements?

Q. So you were aware of Mallinckrodt's obligations to design and operate a Suspicious Order Monitoring system? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Okay. Can you turn with me to page 8. This contains an image of a 2007 letter sent from the DEA. Do you recognize this letter?

Q. Never seen it before?

Q. Okay. But when you began working in customer service in 2009, did anyone discuss this letter with you?

Q. Do you recall whether your training discussed whether Mallinckrodt was required to inform the local DEA diversion office of suspicious orders when they were discovered?

Q. And were you aware that the DEA could immediately suspend or revoke registration for violations of the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Were you aware of distributors who got into trouble with the DEA?

Q. Okay. So please turn with me to page 9. This indicates the DEA suspends the licenses of distributors for not maintaining effective controls -- effective controls against diversion of controlled substances, and then it lists three distributors.

Q. Are you familiar with those?

Q. Correct.

Q. And were you aware of each of these disciplinary actions against them?

Q. So turning to page 15, this references the DEA's St. Louis conversation from July 20th, 2010. The third line down indicates Mallinckrodt is viewed as the kingpin within the drug cartel. What does that mean to you?

Q. Is this the first time that you've heard Mallinckrodt referred to as the Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review kingpin within the drug cartel?

Q. Okay. Would you agree with that characterization?

Q. If you'll turn with me to page 17, this image appears to be a photograph taken from inside of a vehicle of individuals lined up outside. Are you familiar with this photo?

Q. Do you know what this photo represents --

Q. -- if anything? Do you know what, if anything, is the significance of this photo?

Q. Do you know why it was included Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review in the PowerPoint?

Q. On the next page, 18, there is another image. What does that appear to be of?

Q. And do you see the sign that reads, "We do not accept any insurance on oxycodone products by Mallinckrodt or Actavis"? Lower left.

Q. Any idea why this photo may have been included in the PowerPoint?

Q. And page 23 of the PowerPoint shows an eBay bid for empty Mallinckrodt bottles. Are you aware of a legitimate reason why someone would want to purchase empty Mallinckrodt bottles?

Q. Do you agree that this advertisement is evidence of diversion or attempted diversion?

Q. Okay. Let's turn back to page 13 of this document. This indicates that it was the existing SOM program prior to June 2010. Take a moment to review this slide.

Q. Okay. Is this consistent with your understanding of what the SOM program process was prior to June of 2010?

Q. Okay. And after or sometime during 2010, the -- did the SOM program change?

Q. Do you remember whether it changed?

Q. Okay. Are you aware of whether there was ever a shift away from the customer service manager reviewing orders in the new SOM program?

Q. Okay. And do you know when that occurred?

Q. Do you know why there was a shift from customer service reviewing orders?

Q. Were you aware of whether there was ever any concern expressed by the DEA regarding a potential conflict of interest in customer service regulating but having a conflicting interest?

Q. Do you personally believe there is a conflict of interest in being involved in customer service and also having customer service regulate suspicious orders?

Q. Are you aware of whether Mallinckrodt ever sold empty pill bottles?

Q. Do you recall anyone ever discussing why having empty pill bottles on the market would be problematic?

Q. Ever recall any discussion about empty pill bottles in general?

Q. Okay. As part of any of your trainings at Mallinckrodt, do you recall ever watching a presentation that included video Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review footage of individuals standing outside of a pill mill?

Q. Ever recall hearing about such

Q. Do you remember anyone ever discussing such a video?

Q. Okay.

Q. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 11, bearing Bates number MNK-T1 0000303583. This is a Pharmaceutical Logistics Monthly Report dated July 1st, 2009, addressed to you from Jim Rausch. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Sure. And how many direct reports did you have?

Q. In 2009.

Q. Okay. Do you remember who they were?

Q. Okay. And did you require each of your direct reports, excluding your assistant, to provide you monthly reports?

Q. Did you yourself author a Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review monthly report?

Q. Okay. And who did that report go to?

Q. And what was the content of the reports that you authored?

Q. Do you know whether your monthly reports were ever submitted to the DEA?

Q. Did customer service, in general, submit monthly reports to anyone?

Q. Sure. Did customer service, in general, submit a monthly report summarizing --

Q. To anyone.

Q. Okay. Do you know whether Mallinckrodt, in general, submitted monthly reports to the DEA?

Q. And what was the content of the reports that your direct reports generated?

Q. Okay. So turning to this exhibit under API Business Support Highlights in the first paragraph, Jim writes: There is concern on how time-consuming the daily suspicious order report might be for customer service to monitor on a daily basis. Are you familiar with what he was referring to there?

Q. So you're not aware of what a daily suspicious order report was?

Q. And what was the daily suspicious order report?

Q. Okay. And who was the peculiar order report sent to?

Q. Do you know --

Q. Did you ever receive the peculiar order report?

Q. So just to clarify, part of your job was to supervise Jim Rausch, who Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review received the peculiar order reports, correct?

Q. But you never personally received the reports?

Q. So how were you monitoring whether he was in compliance with his stated goal with regard to the SOM --

Q. -- program?

Q. How were you monitoring whether Jim was meeting his goals with regard to the SOM program if you also -- if you were not receiving the suspicious or peculiar order reports?

Q. So you were relying on compliance to tell you whether Jim was satisfying his goals?

Q. What were other -- Jim's other stated goals outside of compliance?

Q. Did he have others other than the one that we discussed earlier?

Q. Do you know whether this daily suspicious order report was switched away from customer service?

Q. So Jim brought up this concern of how time-consuming the daily suspicious order report might be for customer service to monitor on a daily basis. As his supervisor, what, if anything, did you do after receiving this information?

Q. And he was expressing that it was time-consuming?

Q. Do you know what, if anything, the outcome of his testing was?

Q. Please turn with me to the second page, second paragraph, beginning with "Ohm Labs." Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review It indicates: We missed the ship date on this order a couple of times.

Q. It says: We missed the 6/1 ship date because label delay, containers were dirtier and more damaged than normal, and there was water coming from the weep holes on the bottom of the containers. Customer service was not notified of this until 6/2, the day after it was supposed to have shipped. Marketing was very upset on this one. Is this the type of information that was shared with customer service?

Q. Right. So generally speaking, would this type of incident be reported to customer service?

Q. Okay. And would customer Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review service then communicate this type of incident to any other department within Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And what other groups within Mallinckrodt would customer service share this type of information with?

Q. Okay. Was customer service also notified if there was tampering or suspected tampering issues, for example, if product was missing from a container?

Q. Okay. And were you ever notified of such tampering issues?

Q. How quickly were these Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review incidents reported within Mallinckrodt?

Q. Were there ever delays in reporting?

Q. Do you recall ever reporting such tampering issues to the DEA?

Q. Were you CC'd on those communications or copied?

Q. Were there any checks to ensure that customer service agents were in fact reporting these issues to Mallinckrodt compliance?

Q. Okay. Did customer service agents also identify peculiar orders that then they communicated to compliance?

Q. So who at Mallinckrodt, if anyone, was monitoring orders to determine whether they were peculiar or suspicious?

Q. What do you mean by that?

Q. You mentioned a 222 form Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review earlier today. What is a 222 form?

Q. Are you aware whether a 222 form was an official form from the DEA?

Q. And was it required for every distribution, purchase or transfer of a Schedule II controlled substance?

Q. Okay. Based on your understanding of a 222 form, is a portion of the form filled out by the purchaser and Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review another portion filled out by the supplier?

Q. Does it include the drug code, supplier's DEA registration number and the number of packages shipped and the date of shipment?

Q. Okay.

Q. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 12. This is bearing Bates number MNK-T1 0000302318. Do you recognize this document?

Q. And what is it?

Q. To your supervisor, JoAnne Levy? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. And is this the type of report that we discussed earlier that you generated on a monthly basis?

Q. Okay. If you'll turn with me to the last page of the report, under the heading Specialty Pharmaceutical Products, you wrote that the time to clear 222 forms was improved from several days to 1 day. Can you describe the process for me involved in clearing a 222 form?

Q. So who was responsible for clearing 222 forms?

Q. So as their supervisor, you did not know what customer service agents did to clear 222 forms?

Q. Okay. Can you describe the purpose? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. So any idea of what occurred when someone was clearing a 222 form?

Q. So this indicates the process previously took several days, and then indicates that it was shifted to one day.

Q. Was there an emphasis placed on timing or completing these forms?

Q. Did anyone at Mallinckrodt emphasize ensuring that the forms are properly filled out?

Q. And who was responsible for that?

Q. Are you aware of any errors ever being on DEA 222 forms at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you know whether all of those were reported to the DEA?

Q. Okay.

Q. I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 13, bearing Bates stamp Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review MNK-Tl 000280653. Do you recognize this document?

Q. And what is it?

Q. Similar to the report we just discussed?

Q. Okay. And this time it was sent to Mike Santowski. Is that correct?

Q. Who was Mike Santowski?

Q. Okay. And this was dated November 2nd, 2010, reporting on October monthly sales from 2010? Is that correct?

Q. Or, excuse me. October monthly report.

Q. Okay. And under the heading Specialty Generics and Specialty Brands, you indicate that the peculiar order monitoring Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review report and process will be moved from customer service to compliance this week.

Q. Do you recall that?

Q. Do you recall that that occurred?

Q. Okay. Any reason to doubt that you didn't write that?

Q. Do you recall why customer service was shifting responsibility to compliance for the peculiar order monitoring report?

Q. Okay. Do you know why compliance made the decision to take over the peculiar order monitoring?

Q. Do you have any information about the background behind that decision?

Q. Do you recall whose idea it was?

Q. Okay.

Q. I'm now handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 14, bearing Bates number MNK-Tl 000269705. And you were on the SOM steering committee, correct?

Q. Did compliance ever consult with you about orders that had been flagged as potentially suspicious or peculiar? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Do you know or can you describe how Mallinckrodt would determine whether an order flagged as peculiar should be shipped?

Q. Okay. Did you ever have any communications with customers that raised any red flags to you about potential abuse or diversion?

Q. And prior to 2011, did you ever recommend that an order be cancelled because you believed it was peculiar or suspicious?

Q. How about after 2011?

Q. Okay. So in Exhibit 14, this indicates that in March of 2010, you met with Cathy Stewart, Jim Rausch and Karen Harper to fine-tune the SOM algorithm.

Q. Do you recall that meeting? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Do you recall working on the SOM algorithm?

Q. Do you know what the SOM algorithm was?

Q. But no recollection of working on that?

Q. Did you participate at all in generating the reports that were sent to the DEA?

Q. Did you ever see any reports that were sent to the DEA?

Q. Okay. --o0o-- Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 15, bearing Bates number MNK-Tl 0000262762. This is an e-mail sent from Jim Rausch to Karen Harper, you were CC'd, on Wednesday, June 9th, 2010, subject line: Suspicious Order Monitoring program. Do you recall receiving this e-mail?

Q. Any reason to doubt its authenticity?

Q. Okay. And in this e-mail, Jim Rausch indicates he's not had any orders in the classification of peculiar that have not been cleared and explainable thus far. Are you familiar with the term "peculiar order"?

Q. Okay. And how would you define "peculiar order"?

Q. Okay. Do you know what that criteria was?

Q. Are you familiar with how the term "peculiar order" differed from a suspicious order?

Q. So who had the authority within Mallinckrodt to determine whether a peculiar order, or order that was identified as either peculiar or suspicious, was okay to ship?

Q. Okay. Do you know who within compliance had that role?

Q. Okay. Do you see, in the first paragraph here, where Jim also writes: Since I don't hold the orders up during my due diligence, it's possible that the order could ship?

Q. Were you familiar with this practice?

Q. Okay. And did you find it problematic at all of shipping prior to Jim doing his due diligence?

Q. So you just deferred to Karen in compliance?

Q. Did you ever see orders that Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review you believed that were peculiar that were ultimately shipped?

Q. Were you reviewing the peculiar order reports?

Q. Okay. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 16, bearing Bates MNK-T1 0000268194.

Q. Are you familiar with this document?

Q. Okay. This is dated July 30th, 2010, from Tiffany Kilper Rowley, subject: DEA Suspicious Order Monitoring program, and your name is listed as one of the required Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review attendees. Do you recall attending this meeting?

Q. Okay. If you'll turn your attention to the handwritten note at the bottom of this e-mail, it reads: 99% orders legit so do not hold orders. Were you aware that orders were not being held?

Q. Before a due diligence was completed?

Q. So Mallinckrodt had the capacity to put orders on hold. Is that correct?

Q. Okay. But as Jim indicated in Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review his prior e-mail, he did not personally hold orders up during his due diligence.

Q. Okay. So if the stated goal of the SOM team is to meet or exceed DEA expectations, do you believe that this practice is consistent with the DEA requirements in the stated goals of the SOM charter to not complete due diligence before shipping an order?

Q. Well, as a supervisor of an employee whose job was to ensure that orders were not shipped that were peculiar, does it strike you as problematic that orders are being shipped prior to the due diligence being completed? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. How would you describe Jim's job?

Q. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 17, bearing Bates MNK-T1 0000262763. This is an e-mail dated June 9th, 2010, from Jim Rausch to Karen Harper with a CC to you regarding Suspicious Order Monitoring program. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Any reason to doubt its Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review authenticity?

Q. Okay. And here, Jim writes to Karen: As we discussed, I do not hold any orders while I do my research due to the time constraints. Are you aware of whether Mallinckrodt ever asked a company to return an order that had been shipped?

Q. Okay. And when you left Mallinckrodt, was it still Mallinckrodt's practice to ship, then investigate or complete the investigation of orders?

Q. Okay. I'm handing you what has been marked Exhibit 18, bearing Bates number MNK-T1 0280678. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Okay. What is it?

Q. Okay. And what progress were you referring to? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Do you recall what progress in general the SOM team made from its inception to November of 2010?

Q. You noted that you were "comfortable with our progress and direction so far." Was there ever a time that you were uncomfortable with the direction or progress of the SOM team?

Q. Were you ever uncomfortable with decisions made regarding whether to report an order or a circumstance to the DEA?

Q. Did you ever disagree with decisions that were made with respect to Suspicious Order Monitoring?

Q. So you were invited to the meetings and invited to participate on the algorithm but weren't privy to decisions of Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review the SOM team?

Q. But generally speaking, did you have access to the agendas and information of the SOM team and projects that they were working on?

Q. Okay.

Q. I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 19, bearing Bates MNK-Tl 0000301254.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Yes. We saw a very similar document earlier today. If you'll turn with me to the last page of this document where Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review Cathy Stewart e-mails Karen Harper with a CC to you on November 16th, 2009, she writes, referencing the manual process, that it's a process that lends itself to errors and omissions. Are you aware of any shipments that were sent to entities on the manual do not ship list before it was transitioned to SDIG -- or CDIG, excuse me?

Q. Okay. So when she said it's a process that lends itself to errors and omissions, were you aware of any of those errors or omissions that had occurred?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 20, bearing Bates MNK-T1 0000278389. Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review Are you familiar with this document?

Q. Any reason to doubt its authenticity?

Q. Okay. So at the bottom of this e-mail thread, Karen Harper sends an e-mail to Cathy Stewart and Jim Rausch with a copy to you on November 6th, 2009, regarding the Suspicious Order Monitoring program, work instruction update, customer checklist revisions and frequently asked question edit changes. Jim then responds saying: We removed the question "Does your company verify that your customers have a Suspicious Order Monitoring program as prescribed by 21 C.F.R. 1301.74" from the manufacturer's questionnaire. Should it be removed from the distributor and wholesaler questionnaires also? Are you familiar with the questionnaires that they're referencing?

Q. And what was the purpose of the questionnaire, do you know?

Q. So Mallinckrodt would send questionnaires to its distributors and wholesalers, correct?

Q. Okay. Did the questionnaires assist in learning more about Mallinckrodt's customers and whether they were aware of DEA requirements?

Q. Okay. Do you recall receiving the e-mail reflecting updates to the SOM procedures?

Q. Okay. Well, were you aware that this question was removed from the questionnaires?

Q. Do you know why Mallinckrodt would have removed that question?

Q. Okay.

Q. I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 21, bearing Bates number MNK-Tl 0004154291. This is an e-mail sent from Cathy Stewart on November 6, 2009, to you, Karen Harper and Jim Rausch. Karen then writes that she's updated the bulk checklist to remove the question relative to whether or not our customer is verifying their customer has an SOM program. Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. So you were notified of this decision to remove the question from the questionnaire. Is that correct?

Q. Was this then or is it now concerning to you that this question was removed?

Q. Did you believe that Mallinckrodt had an obligation to know its customers' customers?

Q. Did anyone ever discuss whether Mallinckrodt had an obligation to know its customer's customer with you?

Q. Thank you. So before we broke earlier, I asked you a question and you were going to consult with your attorney, so I will rephrase the question and you can answer it again. So apart from any conversations Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review you may have had with counsel, did anyone ever discuss with you whether Mallinckrodt had an obligation to know its customer's customer?

Q. Okay. I'll rephrase the question a little differently. So again, outside of any conversation with counsel, did you ever read any materials while you were at Mallinckrodt or hear of this concept in any form?

Q. Okay. Thank you.

Q. I'm handing you what has been marked Exhibit 22, bearing Bates number MNK-Tl 0000455782. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Okay. And what is it?

Q. Is it from Karen Harper, dated July 22nd, 2010?

Q. And are you on the recipient list?

Q. Okay. And does it state a meeting purpose?

Q. And can you please read that meeting purpose?

Q. So this indicates that two of Mallinckrodt's customers got into trouble with the DEA. Is that correct?

Q. Sure. Does this represent that the DEA took enforcement action against two of Mallinckrodt's customers?

Q. Okay. And would you agree that because two of Mallinckrodt's customers had enforcement action taken against them that it was indicative that Mallinckrodt's Suspicious Order Monitoring program needed to be reviewed?

Q. Okay. And earlier we discussed how Mallinckrodt chose to remove the question of whether its customers were verifying its customers had SOM programs in the questionnaire that it submitted.

Q. But you agree that that question was removed from the bulk checklist?

Q. Okay. And do you think that knowing the answer to that question would have been helpful in assessing whether Mallinckrodt should continue shipping product to its customers?

Q. Okay. So I want to go back and talk with you about your supervision of your direct reports. You indicated earlier that you supervised both Jim Rausch and Cathy Stewart. Is that correct?

Q. Okay. Can you describe for me, Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review aside from the monthly reports that they generated, what the nature of your supervision was? In other words, how often did you meet with them, did you have one-on-ones, how frequently did you communicate?

Q. And were the weekly meetings in person?

Q. Do you recall about how long they lasted?

Q. Okay. Do you remember if it was a standing meeting or was it just more of an infrequent pop in, check in, see if you have any updates kind of a thing?

Q. Do you ever recall discussing with Jim Rausch the volume of peculiar orders that he was receiving?

Q. Do you ever remember him saying that he was expending a large portion of his day reviewing peculiar orders?

Q. Okay. And it's your understanding that there were changes to the Suspicious Order Monitoring program over time. Is that correct?

Q. Okay. And do you recall if any of those changes were based on the algorithm Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review used to flag whether an order was peculiar?

Q. Okay. Did you know whether one of the factors evaluated was the historical ordering patterns of a customer?

Q. And do you recall or know whether the historical averages, as part of the Suspicious Order Monitoring formula, ever changed?

Q. Okay. Is the term "historical average threshold" familiar to you?

Q. Okay. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 23. (Mallinckrodt-Saffold Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review Exhibit 23 was marked for identification.)

Q. Bearing Bates number MNK-Tl 0005708609. Do you recognize this document?

Q. It's an e-mail from Debbie Digby dated May 30th, 2012, addressed to you, subject: Distributor EDI 852 - fill rate information for McKesson.

Q. Do you have any reason to doubt the authenticity of this e-mail?

Q. And do you recall who Debbie Diggy -- Digby, excuse me, is or what her role at Mallinckrodt was?

Q. Okay. And it indicates here that you made a request for data.

Q. Okay. And it appears that Debbie provided EDI 852 data.

Q. What is 852 data?

Q. Okay. And what's the significance of 852 data, if any?

Q. Is 852 data something that you Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review regularly reviewed?

Q. Do you recall why you wanted to review it in this instance?

Q. Okay. And are you familiar with 867 data?

Q. Okay. Do you know whether Mallinckrodt reviewed 867 data?

Q. Okay. How about 844 data?

Q. Do you recall any other data sources that you reviewed in your job?

Q. Yeah. Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Okay. Thank you. Are you familiar with the term "chargebacks"?

Q. And what do you understand chargebacks to be?

Q. And is it your understanding that the chargeback is the difference between the list price and the contract price that reconciles the two prices to make the distributor whole? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Okay. And in your capacity as director of customer service, did you review chargeback data?

Q. Did you have access to it?

Q. Did you understand how the company utilized it?

Q. Okay.

Q. I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 24, bearing Bates number MNK-Tl 0000299450.

Q. Okay. Do you recognize this exhibit?

Q. It's an e-mail from Lisa Cardetti to you and Jim Rausch dated Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review October 27, 2011. Do you have any reason to doubt its authenticity or that it was sent to you?

Q. Okay. And are you familiar with the concept of future-dating?

Q. What is future-dating?

Q. So when an order was future-dated, when was the product actually shipped?

Q. If you received product before the date in which the order was future-dated, would it ship before that future date?

Q. Okay. And this e-mail discusses a significant increase in oxycodone 15- and 30-milligram backorders. It appears that manufacturing requested that the orders be future-dated so that customers who already received their allotted monthly quality -- quantity. You indicated on the first page of the document, middle of the page, in the e-mail from George Saffold to Lisa Cardetti, October 27, 2011, that you would change the notes on the order to state "Future dated Due Excess Demand per Marketing. Customer has already received their monthly allocation for October 2011." When you wrote this note, where was it actually recorded?

Q. So fair to say it was an internal record?

Q. Was this ever actually written on a 222 form?

Q. So you provided the rationale to your team members for what to write in this instance. Is that correct?

Q. Okay. And the reason stated was increased demand.

Q. Or excess demand. Is that correct?

Q. Excess demand. Are you aware of whether anyone looked into the reason for the demand?

Q. So do you know whether anyone ever looked into whether the demand exceeded the supply because the orders were suspicious?

Q. Okay. And on the third page of this document, it indicates Lisa Cardetti sent an e-mail on October 26, 2011, to Robert Laznak. Do you know who Robert Laznak was?

Q. In this e-mail to Robert or Bob, Lisa indicates that the following customers would have orders that would be future-dated to November 1st for their monthly allocation. Do you see that? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. And it lists AmerisourceBergen?

Q. And also lists Cardinal Health?

Q. Okay. Do you recall the presentation we discussed earlier, Exhibit 10?

Q. Sure. Yeah.

Q. And this e-mail thread that's in front of you is dated October 2011, correct?

Q. Okay. And Exhibit 10 is dated March of 2011.

Q. And in Exhibit 10, page 9 of Exhibit 10 lists distributors who the DEA had taken enforcement action against, correct?

Q. And it discusses license suspension of AmerisourceBergen and Cardinal, correct? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Okay. So at the time that Mallinckrodt future-dated the orders for these entities, Mallinckrodt was aware of their prior DEA enforcement actions.

Q. Was that then or is that now concerning to you?

Q. I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 25, bearing Bates number MNK-Tl 0005711355. This is an e-mail from Carla Johnson dated October 26, 2011, to you with a CC to Michael Santowski regarding oxycodone orders. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Any reason to doubt its Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review authenticity?

Q. Okay. So about in the middle of the document, you sent an e-mail to Carla Johnson, and who is Carla Johnson?

Q. And in this, you -- actually, can you read what you wrote to Carla?

Q. And who is Michael Santowski?

Q. And Carla stated: Oxycodone 30s are the exception to the new backorder Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review report logic because we are not storing that inventory in a shippable branch plant.

Q. Do you know why oxy 30s would be an exception?

Q. Okay. And then can you read what Carla wrote next, beginning with "This is"?

Q. So fair to say Carla approved the proposed future-dating practice?

Q. So when you said you weren't sure that the direction on dating from Lisa was consistent with management policies, do Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review you recall which management policy or policies you were referring to?

Q. So other than sending this e-mail to Carla Johnson, do you recall whether you raised this issue with anyone else?

Q. And did you?

Q. And what response, if any, did you get?

Q. So when that conversation occurred with the customer, was that in writing, over the phone?

Q. Okay. Do you know who had that conversation?

Q. Okay. Did you raise it with anyone else other than Mike Santowski and Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review Carla Johnson?

Q. Okay. Were you satisfied with the answer that Mike Santowski gave you?

Q. Okay. So what was the benefit to Mallinckrodt of future-dating an order?

Q. Do you have an idea as to how it benefited Mallinckrodt in any way?

Q. Okay. And to your knowledge, was the Suspicious Order Monitoring algorithm based in part on order history of customers?

Q. Okay. So fair to say the order history in any given month was a relevant factor in analysis of whether a customer had suspicious orders?

Q. Sure. Did a customer's order history in any given month, was that relevant in the analysis of whether a customer had a suspicious order?

Q. So just generally speaking, Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review you're not sure whether a customer's ordering history was significant when evaluating its orders?

Q. Okay. So it's fair to say that future-dating allowed Mallinckrodt to sell opioids to a wholesale distributor customer without triggering some kind of suspicious order review?

Q. So do you know whether, when orders were future-dated, an evaluation occurred of that distributor for whether its orders were suspicious --

Q. -- prior to the future-dating?

Q. Okay. If an order was future-dated, the sales to that particular wholesale distributor would not exceed the threshold for review set by the Suspicious Order Monitoring algorithm for the time period in which the sale in fact occurred. Is that correct?

Q. Okay. Do you know whether 222 forms have an expiration date on them?

Q. Okay.

Q. I'm handing you what has been marked Exhibit 26, bearing Bates number MNK-Tl 0002742739.

Q. This is an e-mail sent from Jim Rausch on October 27, 2011, and you were included on the CC field, subject line: Oxycodone orders. Do you recognize this document? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Okay. And on the first page of this document, Sharron Banks sent an e-mail on October 27th, 2011, to Jim Rausch and a number of others with a CC to you and stated: Jim, there's a possibility that the 222 forms may expire by the desired requested date. And then can you read Jim's response at the top of the document?

Q. Do you see anything wrong with that practice?

Q. Okay. I'm handing you what's been marked Exhibit 27, bearing Bates number MNK-T1 000299509. Do you remember this document?

Q. Okay. Any reason to doubt its authenticity?

Q. Okay. And this is an e-mail sent from Lisa Cardetti to Ginger Collier with a CC to both you and Jim Rausch sent October 4th, 2011. The subject line: Pharma Backorder Report - Summary. And Lisa writes: In working with customer service, we've eliminated the backorders on oxycodone IR by future-dating orders. I wanted to make you aware that this Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review initiative/process will continue through January. So based on your recollection and review of these documents, is it fair to say that the future-dating process began in October of 2011?

Q. Are you aware of whether Mallinckrodt future-dated any orders prior to 2011?

Q. Okay. And this indicates that it continued through January 2012?

Q. And are you aware of whether Mallinckrodt continued to future-date any orders after January of 2012?

Q. Okay. Is future-dating authorized by the DEA?

Q. Do you know who Pat Wall is?

Q. Who is Pat Wall?

Q. Okay. I'm handing you a document labeled Exhibit 28, bearing Bates number MNK-Tl 0004595958.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. What is it?

Q. So did you have a role in generating this document?

Q. Okay. But you're familiar with it?

Q. Okay. And can you read the fifth sentence on the first page, beginning with "Can 222 forms be post or future dated"?

Q. And what about the second-to-last question on page 1, beginning "What if I make a mistake while completing the 222 form?"

Q. So fair to say it's important that the 222 forms are filled out correctly?

Q. And is it okay to ship a product without a 222 form?

Q. So let me clarify it. Would it be a violation of DEA regulations to ship a Schedule II narcotic without a 222 form?

Q. Thank you.

Q. Thanks for clarifying.

Q. That's okay.

Q. Okay. I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 29, bearing Bates number MNK-T1 0000368976. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Any reason to doubt its authenticity?

Q. And this is a 2010 e-mail chain started by Cheryl Nelson regarding the state of Florida and oxycodone prices. Can you read aloud at the bottom of the first page? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. And you were CC'd on that e-mail?

Q. Okay. So fair to say that you were notified about customer service complaints indicating that pharmacies in Florida were increasing their oxy prices and price-gouging by 5 to 6 dollars a pill?

Q. Okay. And you responded to this e-mail to Mike Gunning and Ginger Collier. And who is Mike Gunning? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Okay. And can you please read what you wrote to Mike and Ginger?

Q. And how did you become aware of the frequency of the call increases?

Q. Do you know when you would have become aware of that?

Q. Okay. Was it at all concerning to you when you learned of this situation in Florida?

Q. Okay. When you said "We are sticking with our messaging," do you recall who determined the content of this message?

Q. Okay. Ginger writes at the top of the e-mail, "I am assuming these are cash customers." What's the significance, if anything, of customers paying in cash?

Q. Have you ever heard anyone indicate that paying in cash for opioids is a possible indicator of diversion?

Q. Do you know whether Mallinckrodt determines whether the customers were independent or retail pharmacies?

Q. Do you know whether Mallinckrodt determined whether the customers were independent or retail pharmacies?

Q. Okay.

Q. I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 30, bearing Bates number MNK-T1 0000299364.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Any reason to doubt its authenticity?

Q. Okay. This appears to be a document sent from Cheryl Nelson to you and Jim Rausch with a CC to Brenda Rehkop in Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review September of 2011.

Q. And Jim e-mailed you, if you turn to page 2, checking to see if orders should still be cancelled. Is that correct?

Q. Cheryl then says -- whoops -- "I have cancelled this line and did not reenter it as it is my understanding that we are not shipping 15- or 30-milligram oxy to Florida." Do you know why there was a decision or concern not to ship oxy 15 or 30s to Florida?

Q. Are you aware of whether oxy 15s and 30s were pills that were commonly abused?

Q. Are you aware of what precipitated the discussion or decision not to ship oxy 15s and 30s to Florida?

Q. And do you know what decision Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review Mallinckrodt ultimately made with regard to shipping oxy 15s and 30s to Florida?

Q. Okay. So you don't remember writing, "While it's my expectation that we may not be shipping the 15s and 30s to Florida, I'm not sure how well that decision has been finalized and communicated"?

Q. I'm handing you Exhibit 31, bearing Bates number MNK-Tl 0003064400.

Q. So I've handed you an internal e-mail chain regarding a series of orders for oxycodone which were accidentally shipped. Do you recall this incident?

Q. Do you recognize this document? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. Any reason to doubt its authenticity?

Q. Okay. So in this document, you sent an e-mail to Michael Santowski regarding these orders that were accidentally shipped. The first page, third paragraph, can you read the sentence beginning with the word "Apparently"?

Q. And then you provided a timeline for each of the orders?

Q. And this shows that 84 bottles went to ABC in Orlando, Florida?

Q. It also shows that 48 bottles of 30-milligram oxy went to Prescription Supply in Northwood, Ohio? Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review

Q. And it also shows that an undisclosed amount was shipped to ABC in Sacramento, California?

Q. So accidentally shipping orders is not an ideal scenario from a customer service aspect, correct?

Q. It's actually pretty bad, right?

Q. And you e-mailed Michael Santowski alerting him to this situation, correct?

Q. And who is Michael Santowski?

Q. Okay. How frequently do you recall communicating with him?

Q. Okay. Would you agree that Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review shipping orders that were not supposed to be shipped is an example of diversion?

Q. Is it an example of lack of internal controls?

Q. Is this example an example of lack of communication?

Q. Do you know whether this event was reported to the DEA?

Q. Do you know what, if anything, happened after you sent this e-mail?

Q. Okay.

Q. I'm handing you what's been Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review marked as Exhibit 32, bearing Bates stamp MNK-Tl 0000279164.

Q. Okay? Do you recall receiving this e-mail?

Q. Any reason to doubt its authenticity?

Q. Correct. You were referenced in this e-mail. Do you recall, thank you -- this indicates this e-mail's sent from Karen Harper to JoAnne Levy dated June 17th, 2010, subject line: Conference Call with Customer Service and Compliance - Harvard and Sunshine DEA Registration Suspensions. And Karen writes: JoAnne, yesterday I set up a call for this morning with me, George Saffold, Jim Rausch and Eileen to discuss customer registrant DEA license suspensions and Mallinckrodt Suspicious Order Monitoring. Do you recall ever having a Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review conversation with those individuals regarding customer registrant DEA license suspensions?

Q. Do you recall talking with anyone about Mallinckrodt [sic] about the license suspensions of either Harvard or Sunrise?

Q. Okay. Maybe I'll expand that question. Do you recall any communications regarding the DEA license suspensions of Harvard?

Q. Even if you don't recall the content of the communications, do you recall whether there were any communications or any reference at all to either the Harvard or Sunrise?

Q. Okay. And what do you recall?

Q. Do you recall who notified you?

Q. Do you recall how you learned about it?

Q. Do you remember the content of discussions after learning about DEA license suspensions of Mallinckrodt customers?

Q. Do you recall the action plan that Mallinckrodt took after learning of DEA license suspensions?

Q. Okay. And in this e-mail, Karen also writes, "I'm pretty confident we can pull in the reins and keep the situation under control," and this was dated June of 2010.

Q. Are you aware of whether any of Mallinckrodt's customers had any enforcement action after June of 2010?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 33 --

Q. -- bearing Bates MNK-T1 0000495396.

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with this document?

Q. Any reason to doubt its authenticity?

Q. Okay. And this is an e-mail thread. The top of the e-mail thread, the e-mail is from you to Brenda Rehkop, Jim Rausch and Karen Harper dated July 13th, 2011, regarding Masters recent shipments G. Saffold recommendation for systems review.

Q. And towards the bottom of the e-mail thread on page 2, Karen Harper sends an e-mail to Jane Williams indicating that George Saffold advised this morning that Masters has gotten two shipments since Mallinckrodt imposed shipping restrictions on this account within the scope of Suspicious Order Monitoring. Do you recall this occurring?

Q. Right. Reading this document --

Q. -- refreshes your recollection

Q. Okay. And this e-mail thread Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review also indicates that Masters received the fentanyl patch and morphine sulfate, which is

Q. Okay. But the fentanyl patch --

Q. Okay. Thank you. Does reviewing this e-mail thread refresh your recollection of what happened?

Q. And can you describe what happened?

Q. Okay. And at the top of this e-mail thread, you write an e-mail to Karen Harper where you say: This reveals a clear gap in our process. I think we should review it cradle to grave to see where we can improve it first to make sure that the time from customer notification to restricting shipments is more immediate, and second, to ensure e --

Q. -- cannot ship out any product once we have placed these restrictions on the customer.

Q. So you acknowledge that there was a gap in the process at that time.

Q. Okay. And what, if anything, do you recall that was done after you sent this e-mail?

Q. Okay. And in this document also appears that in July of 2011, Mallinckrodt was placing restrictions on five accounts, in the bottom of this first page on to the second page.

Q. And what were those five accounts?

Q. Okay. And were you aware of whether any of those entities had any DEA enforcement action against them?

Q. I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 34, bearing Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review MNK-Tl 0004604436.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Okay. Any reason to doubt its authenticity?

Q. Okay. So this is an e-mail from Karen Harper dated July 13th, 2011, to Steven Becker with a CC to a number of people, including you. And Karen sends a list of Mallinckrodt's SKUs noting products Masters will not be receiving in the future given current SOM program restrictions. Karen then writes -- this is on the first page, paragraph 3 -- can you read what she says beginning with the paragraph with your name?

Q. Do you recall ever having that conversation with Karen?

Q. And in 2011, you were in a customer service capacity. Is that correct?

Q. Was anyone, to your knowledge, in customer service receiving any kind of compensation that was tied to sales numbers?

Q. Is it possible?

Q. Okay. What about your personal compensation scheme?

Q. Okay. But fair to say in 2011, you were working with Karen Harper in some capacity to assist with compliance?

Q. Okay. And do you see any conflict with assisting Karen with compliance and determining -- strike that. Do you see any conflict with assisting with compliance while working in a Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review customer service capacity?

Q. Do you know whether the issue was ever raised internally at Mallinckrodt about whether there was a conflict in customer service being involved in Suspicious Order Monitoring?

Q. Do you know whether the DEA ever raised this as an issue?

Q. Okay.

Q. I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 35, bearing Bates number MNK-Tl 0004155087.

Q. All right. After reviewing Hghly Confidential - Subject to Further Confidentiality Review that e-mail, does this refresh your recollection of anything?

Q. No? Okay. Don't recognize this e-mail?

Q. Do you have any reason to doubt its authenticity?

Q. So this e-mail thread discusses

Q. Okay. And at the top of the e-mail thread you write to Jim, "Can you respond to all on copy outlining the corrective actions in place."

Q. Do you know what, if any, corrective actions happened?

Q. Okay. If you don't recall this particular instance, do you recall whether there was a procedure in general for when more of a product shipped than what was ordered?

Q. So fair to say that this didn't happen very frequently?

Q. Okay. And how would you define not very frequently?

Q. Okay.

Q. I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 36.

Q. Bearing the Bates MNK-Tl 0007823812. And this is an e-mail from Karen Harper to JoAnne Levy with a CC to you dated September 15th, 2009. Subject line: Shipment of oxycodone to DSM prior to 222 form receipt.

Q. Okay. Have you ever seen this document before, that you recall?

Q. Any reason to doubt its authenticity?

Q. Okay. And you've had an opportunity to review this e-mail. It's an e-mail regarding shipment of oxycodone without first having a 222 form receipt. Is that correct?

Q. And Karen writes at the top of the e-mail, paragraph two -- can you read that sentence?

Q. And is it permissible to ship this type of product without a 222 form?

Q. Do you know when this incident was reported to the DEA?

Q. And fair to say that was an error on Mallinckrodt's part to ship without

Q. Okay. You testified earlier that Jim Rausch reviewed peculiar order reports. Is that correct?

Q. Okay. Are you aware of whether customer service managers reviewed every peculiar or unusual order that was identified by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And was that required by managers or also customer service representatives?

Q. And who within customer service had the responsibility to review them?

Q. So it was the managers' ultimate responsibility, but it wasn't uncommon for them to defer to representatives if they had questions?

Q. Okay.

Q. In the reports that Jim Rausch reviewed --

Q. -- internally for peculiar orders, do you know whether those were submitted to the DEA?
