Witness: Ginger Collier
Attorney: None
Source: MNKOI0005219660
============================================================

Q. Good morning, Ms. Collier.

Q. How are you?

Q. Great. As you just heard, my name is Gary Gotto. I'm one of the lawyers representing the plaintiffs in this litigation. Could you please state your business address, please?

Q. Sure, home address is fine.

Q. Okay. And are you currently employed?

Q. By whom?

Q. Okay. And what's your position at Hisun?

Q. Okay. And when did you join Hisun?

Q. Where is Hisun located?

Q. Where in New Jersey?

Q. Okay. Great. Have you ever given a deposition before?

Q. Okay. Have you ever testified under oath in any setting?

Q. Okay. And you understand you're under oath today?

Q. Okay. And I'm sure your counsel has given you a preview of how depositions proceed generally, but I'll just give you a few ground rules. I will do my best not to talk over you, and if you could reciprocate that, that'll make for the court reporter to be able to take down a good, clean transcript so folks can understand what we're saying here today if they ever choose to look at it down the road. I will try to make my questions as clear as I can. If they're in any way unclear to you, please let me know, and I'll try to clarify them. If you -- you know, if you answer a question, I'll assume you understand it and thought it was reasonably clear to you. Is that fair?

Q. If you need a break at any point, just let me know, and we'll find a convenient breaking spot. We will take regular breaks, approximately every hour or so, in any event. The court reporter is here, of course, making a transcript. We also have this on video. There are various purposes in the litigation that your testimony could be used for in the future. And if you have any -- any questions regarding procedure at all today, just feel free to let me know at any point. Today is not a memory test. Many of the events we're going to be talking about happened several years ago, and I understand that, you know, your memory may not be as clear on certain things as on others. That's perfectly natural, to be expected. In the course of the day you may find that an answer that you gave earlier, later on in the day you realize was perhaps incomplete or could stand some embellishment. If that's the case, please let me know, and we'll be happy to accommodate that as well. Okay?

Q. Are you taking any medications that could impair your memory or ability to testify accurately here today?

Q. Great. And you're represented by counsel here today, correct?

Q. And are you paying your counsel for today's representation?

Q. Okay. Do you know who is paying them?

Q. Okay. Let's go ahead and mark... QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 1 the notice we served for today's deposition. Have you seen this document before?

Q. Okay. And when do you recall seeing it for the first time?

Q. Okay. When did you first become aware that there was a request to take your deposition in this matter?

Q. Did you undertake personally any effort to locate documents that would be responsive to the document request that's included in the deposition notice?

Q. Okay. And when did you leave Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And at that point did you take with you any of your -- any files that you had maintained while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Any computer records, laptop, anything of that nature?

Q. Okay. Did you -- while you were at Mallinckrodt, did you maintain personally any files -- and when I say "personally," I mean independent of your place of work. Did you maintain any files that pertained to your work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Great. Did you ever use while you were at Mallinckrodt, did you use any personal e-mail accounts to communicate with respect to professional activities?

Q. Did you use your phone to send text messages that pertained to Mallinckrodt business while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. When you say "a Mallinckrodt phone," what do you mean by that?

Q. Okay. Do you know who the cellular carrier was on that -- for that phone?

Q. Okay. It was an account that Mallinckrodt handled, though, paid for, et cetera?

Q. Okay. So you don't have any records from that account; is that right?

Q. Okay. Do you know who at Mallinckrodt would have any records that exist today with respect to your Mallinckrodt-issued phone account?

Q. Okay. Ms. Collier, I'd like to know what you did to prepare for today's deposition. I don't want you to divulge the communications you had with any of your counsel in giving me that description, but perhaps you can tell me generally what you did to prepare.

Q. Okay. And who was present at those meetings?

Q. And Bill is an attorney?

Q. Okay. A Ropes & Gray lawyer or --

Q. Okay. Great. Approximately how long did each one of those meetings last?

Q. Okay. Independent of the meetings with counsel, did you do anything else to prepare for today's deposition?

Q. Didn't review any documents?

Q. Okay. Have you spoken with anyone who has given testimony in this litigation with respect to the litigation?

Q. Okay. Have you reviewed any transcripts of any depositions or any other proceedings --

Q. -- pertaining to -- okay -- pertaining to this litigation?

Q. In your meetings with counsel, did you review any documents?

Q. Okay. Did any of those documents refresh your recollection in any regard?

Q. What issues can you recall your recollection being refreshed on?

Q. In terms of subject matter of the nature of the issues that you were refreshed on, do you have a recollection of what those were?

Q. Okay. Do you remember what customers?

Q. Which were they?

Q. Okay. Well, we'll be looking at some documents today on each of those --

Q. -- and we can get into that in some more detail at that point. So the two -- the two meetings you had with counsel were personal meetings, not telephonic; is that right?

Q. Okay. And did you have any other telephonic meetings or conferences with counsel in preparation for the deposition?

Q. Okay. Have you reviewed the -- any of the complaints on file in this litigation?

Q. Okay. When did you first become aware that this litigation was pending?

Q. Okay. Do you have an understanding of the nature of the claims that are asserted in the litigation?

Q. And what's that understanding?

Q. Do you have any personal opinion as to the merits of any of those claims?

Q. What are those opinions?

Q. Okay. What do you base that on?

Q. Okay. Are you being compensated in any way for your testimony here today?

Q. Are you being reimbursed for any of your expenses?

Q. Okay. Travel expense or hotel or anything?

Q. Okay. Great. I'd like to ask you just a little bit about your background. Could you describe generally your post-high school education?

Q. Okay. And from what institutions did you receive those degrees?

Q. And approximately when did you receive your degrees?

Q. Okay. Great. Beyond your bachelor's and master's programs, have you received any other -- or participated in any other formal post-high school courses of study?

Q. Okay. So apart from the bachelor's and master's programs, are those the -- were there any other times when you were -- considered yourself to be a full- or part-time student --

Q. -- post-high school? Okay. Do you hold any professional licenses or certifications?

Q. Have you at any time?

Q. Okay. And I'm sorry, you may have already told me this, but what was your undergraduate major?

Q. Okay. In either your undergraduate or master's degree programs, did you take any courses that dealt with the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Did you take any courses related to pharmaceuticals more generally?

Q. When you were pursuing your bachelor's or master's degrees, did you have an intent to pursue a career in the pharmaceutical industry?

Q. Okay. Well, then let's go back. Tell me when you first became involved in any position in the pharmaceutical industry.

Q. Okay. So fair to say that when you were pursuing your bachelor's and master's degrees, you were anticipating future employment in the pharmaceutical industry?

Q. Okay. So were you continued were you employed while you were pursuing your degrees?

Q. I see. Okay. Okay. Thank you. So by whom were you employed at that time?

Q. And what position did you have?

Q. Okay. So product manager, what does that mean in the pharmaceutical industry?

Q. And when you said it's a little different in generics, did you mean that you were in a branded manufacturer at the time?

Q. Okay. Okay. Including at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And so you indicated you were both a product manager and a national account manager. What is a national account manager responsible for, typically, in the generic industry?

Q. Okay. So in your career in the pharmaceutical industry, when did you -- when were you first in a position that involved responsibilities with respect to pharmaceuticals that were scheduled under the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Okay. So when did you start at Schein?

Q. Okay. And did you have occasion to become familiar with any aspect of the regulatory requirements imposed under the Controlled Substances Act while you were at Schein?

Q. Did Schein have a compliance department or other division that was responsible for regulatory compliance?

Q. Okay. You were aware, though, that the narcotics that Schein was distributing were scheduled under the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Okay. You know it now, but you don't know if you were aware of it then?

Q. Okay. Did you stay at Schein after you got your master's degree?

Q. And for how long?

Q. Okay. And during the period you were at Watson, did you continue to be a product manager?

Q. Okay. And when you left Watson, where did you go from there?

Q. And so what was the nature of your responsibilities in this specialty product manager position?

Q. And after you left Elan, where did you go?

Q. Okay. And what was your position at Baxter?

Q. How long were you at Baxter?

Q. What was your reason for leaving Elan and joining Baxter?

Q. And do you know the reason for that?

Q. Okay. So you went to Baxter and you were director of marketing?

Q. So tell me generally what your responsibilities were as director of marketing at Baxter.

Q. Okay. And you used the acronym NAMs. Is that national account manager?

Q. Great. Thank you. You indicated Baxter sold injectables. What type of medication?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. So these were not Controlled Substances Act scheduled materials, correct?

Q. Okay. So while you were at Baxter, did you have occasion to become familiar with any of the regulatory requirements imposed by the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Okay. And you were at Baxter for a couple of years; is that what you indicated?

Q. Okay. And where did you go from Baxter?

Q. And what was your reason for leaving Baxter and going to McKesson?

Q. And what position did you have at McKesson?

Q. Okay. Were your responsibilities at McKesson similar to the responsibilities you had at Baxter?

Q. Okay. You've used the term "chargebacks" a couple of times. What do you mean by chargeback?

Q. Okay. And when you were using the pronoun "us" in that setting, "charge us back," "us" is the manufacturer?

Q. Okay. And McKesson was not a manufacturer when you were there; is that correct?

Q. Okay. They were a distributor?

Q. Okay. How long were you at McKesson?

Q. And during your time at McKesson, did you have occasion to become familiar with any of the regulatory requirements under the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. So approximately, just so we have some dates and I realize -- you know, they don't have to be precise. Approximately when you were at Baxter and then at McKesson?

Q. I have your -- your offer letter from Mallinckrodt.

Q. And I believe it's in 2009, if that helps.

Q. Okay. Great. And so when you left McKesson, you went where?

Q. And what position did you hold there?

Q. And just describe generally what your responsibilities were at GeneraMedix.

Q. Okay. And how long were you at GeneraMedix?

Q. Okay. Until you went to Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. What was your reason for leaving McKesson and joining GeneraMedix?

Q. Okay. During your time at GeneraMedix, did you have occasion to become familiar with any of the regulatory requirements under the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Okay. And in 2009, you left GeneraMedix and joined Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. What was your reason for making that move?

Q. Okay. Great. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Ms. Collier, we've marked as Exhibit 2 what I believe is a copy of your offer letter from Mallinckrodt. It's a multipage document that begins at MNK-T1 0007277843. If you could take a moment and look through that document and tell me if you recognize it.

Q. Okay. And this was your offer letter when you joined Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. This indicates your starting salary was an annual salary of $160,000 when you began. Is that consistent with your recollection?

Q. Okay. And you were also eligible to participate in an annual incentive plan, correct?

Q. And as well as the company's long-term incentive plan, correct?

Q. How long did you stay at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And I say "Mallinckrodt." I see that the letterhead actually says "Covidien." In 2009, was there

Q. Okay. During your period at Mallinckrodt, did your compensation change?

Q. And can you describe for me approximately how -- the manners in which it changed?

Q. Okay. When did you become a senior director?

Q. Were you a corporate officer?

Q. Were you at any time a member of any committees at Mallinckrodt for any period of time?

Q. Sure. Sure. Any formal committee that met on a regular schedule with agendas, maintained minutes, that sort of thing?

Q. Okay. Do you recall being on any committees, formal or informal, that had any responsibilities with respect to compliance with any requirements under the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. And what do you mean by that?

Q. Okay. And do you recall approximately when you were on that committee?

Q. Okay. For approximately what period of time, if you recall?

Q. Okay. Did you attend meetings of that committee?

Q. Okay. And you indicated you offered advice on customer reporting and customer information. What sort of advice can you recall offering?

Q. Okay. And did you have an understanding as to the interplay between chargebacks and the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. And what was that?

Q. Sure. You mentioned in terms of -- part of the information you provided to the SOM committee that you were part of related to the chargeback process, and so my question was what your understanding was of the interplay between the chargeback process and the SOM process.

Q. Okay. And so did you provide that information with respect to the chargeback process pursuant to a request you received from the committee?

Q. Okay. And what was your reasoning for volunteering that information to the SOM committee?

Q. And so which employee was it who got this Sunrise data?

Q. Okay. That's the same person, Kate Neely?

Q. Okay. Great. So Ms. Neely -- you used the word "hacked." I'm sure you didn't mean to suggest she did anything improper?

Q. Okay. So the information that she obtained was information that Mallinckrodt maintained internally, correct?

Q. And do you know how she -- well, did you instruct her to attempt to access that information?

Q. Do you know -- go ahead.

Q. Okay. Was it her idea?

Q. Okay. Do you know how she -- how she came to believe that that information might be accessible in some fashion?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Did she -- before seeking to access the information, did she discuss that with you at all?

Q. Okay. And what can you recall about her raising that with you?

Q. Okay. What types of words did you look for?

Q. Okay. And why did you choose those words to look for?

Q. Okay. And when you say "reading," do you mean in press accounts?

Q. Okay. Do you recall how the Sunrise issues with the DEA first came to your attention?

Q. Okay. So the chargeback data that Ms. Muhlenkamp was able to access, what's the nature of the information that's contained there?

Q. Okay. And again, the "they" in this context would be the distributor that was --

Q. Okay. And so it would be data that would show -- so Mallinckrodt -- let me back up. Strike that. So Mallinckrodt's customer in this setting is a distributor or a wholesaler, correct?

Q. And then the chargeback data would have information regarding whom the ultimate customer of that wholesaler or distributor was, correct?

Q. Okay. So strike the word "ultimate" from my question. The chargeback information would include information regarding the identity of the -- of the customer of Mallinckrodt's customer, correct?

Q. Okay. And I think we'll look at some documents in a bit regarding Sunrise. Do you have a recollection of the approximate time frame when Ms. Muhlenkamp accessed this information?

Q. Okay. And do you know if prior to Ms. Muhlenkamp accessing that information, do you know if anyone at Mallinckrodt had previously used chargeback data in connection with any suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Do you know if there came to be

Q. Okay. At any time?

Q. Okay. Including when you were on the committee that you were describing earlier?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Back on to your offer letter, Exhibit 2. You described how your salary changed over time while you were at Mallinckrodt. Did the bonus structure change over time at all as well?

Q. The dollar amount fluctuated?

Q. Okay. And what were the

Q. Please.

Q. Okay. What were the metrics that came into play in determining your bonus?

Q. Okay. Were total sales an element of the bonus determination?

Q. Okay. And during your six or so years at Mallinckrodt, apart from the annual incentive plan and the long-term incentive plan, were there any other bonus programs that you were eligible to participate in?

Q. Okay. And what was the basis for the stock grants that you received, or options?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Ms. Collier, we have marked as Exhibit 3 three pages from your personnel file beginning at MNK-T1 0007277883 The first page appears to be a job description with respect to the director of marketing position for specialty generics. Second page is blank, and the third page is an organizational chart. Would you take a moment and look, and let me know if you recognize those documents.

Q. Okay. If we could just start on the third page on the organizational chart. On this chart, the director of marketing position is indicated as open. I take it this was before you joined the company. Can you otherwise review the chart and tell me if this is consistent with your recollection of the organization of the generic sales and marketing department at the time you joined Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And so when you joined as director of marketing, did the individuals that are listed in the far right column, beginning with Kate Muhlenkamp and the names under hers, report to you?

Q. Okay. And you reported to Mr. Gunning; is that right?

Q. Okay. When you started as director of marketing at Mallinckrodt, did anyone else report to you other than the individuals who are identified in this org chart?

Q. Okay. Tell me what you can recall about the team changing under -- team in terms of people who reported to you, directly or indirectly, how that changed over time, any particular personnel changes. And again, I realize it's a several-year period and there were probably multiple changes, so I'm not expecting a complete and comprehensive list, but whatever comes to your mind in terms of changes in the team over time, if you could describe those.

Q. What was the reason for those terminations?

Q. And do you recall when Ms. Muhlenkamp left Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And did someone else take her position after she left?

Q. Okay. So -- and Ms. Cardetti had previously reported to Ms. Muhlenkamp?

Q. Okay. Do you recall what the reasons were for Ms. Muhlenkamp -- or at least what your understanding was as for the reasons for her leaving?

Q. Okay. Did you perform any periodic evaluation or review of the job performance of the individuals that reported to you?

Q. And you indicated that you terminated some individuals from being ineffective. Apart from them, do you recall any other situations in which you felt that the job performance of any of the individuals that reported to you was unsatisfactory?

Q. Okay. What can you recall about that?

Q. Okay. Any other examples that come to your mind of individuals who you felt their job performance was unsatisfactory?

Q. Okay. How about Ms. Muhlenkamp, did you -- what was your general opinion of her job performance?

Q. Okay. And judging from this org chart, she had been at Mallinckrodt before you joined, correct?

Q. Do you know how long she had been there?

Q. Okay. And I take it Ms. Cardetti joined Mallinckrodt sometime after you did, judging from her absence on this org chart; is that right?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And then she took Ms. Muhlenkamp's position when Ms. Muhlenkamp left. And did she stay in that position for the balance of your tenure at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And who took that position, her position, under you at that point?

Q. Okay. And approximately when did Ms. Cardetti leave your team?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Did there come to be a time when Mr. Vorderstrasse was on your team?

Q. When was that?

Q. I understand. What position did he hold?

Q. Okay. So --

Q. Okay. What drug was that?

Q. Okay. So looking back at the org chart, this part of Exhibit 3, Ms. Muhlenkamp is identified as a product manager, as is Marock Montgomery?

Q. Marc?

Q. Okay. How were -- how were the -- how did their responsibilities differ?

Q. Okay. And what products do you recall Ms. Muhlenkamp being responsible for?

Q. Okay. And then you indicated Mr. Vorderstrasse had particular responsibility for analytics. Was there any similar division of responsibilities before he joined the team, where one of the product managers had a particular responsibility for analytics?

Q. Okay. I was just trying to understand if the nature of the -- let me ask the question this way. Throughout your time as director of marketing at Mallinckrodt, was it the case that you had one or more product managers -- well, multiple product managers reporting to you throughout your time, correct?

Q. And did each of them have responsibility for discrete products?

Q. Okay. And so did Mr. Vorderstrasse, for example, have responsibility for discrete products?

Q. Okay. Now, when you came to Mallinckrodt -- well, let's look at page 1 of -- the first page, rather, of Exhibit 3, which the top-half of the page has eight numbered items which appear to be a description of the role and responsibility of the -- of the director of marketing for specialty generics. So I'd like to go through those with you and understand if, in fact, those were your roles and responsibilities and what you did in these regards. Let me begin by asking what -- specialty generics, what did you understand that phrase to means?

Q. Okay. Did Mallinckrodt manufacture other generic drugs that it did not categorize as specialty generics?

Q. Okay. So specialty generics, in the Mallinckrodt setting, anyway, meant all generics that Mallinckrodt was manufacturing?

Q. Okay. So I take it when you became director of marketing, you needed to become familiar with Mallinckrodt's product line in the generic area, correct?

Q. And so what did you do to become familiar with what Mallinckrodt manufactured and sold, the generics that they manufactured and sold?

Q. Okay. Before we get into the individual items listed in paragraphs 1 to 8 here, when you joined Mallinckrodt, were there aspects of the director of marketing job that you were taking that you felt were different from the responsibilities you had had at prior employers?

Q. Okay. Now, Mallinckrodt obviously was engaged in the manufacture and sale of a variety of scheduled pharmaceuticals under the Controlled Substances Act, correct?

Q. And that was somewhat different from your prior experience, correct?

Q. And did you undertake any effort to become familiar with any of the regulatory requirements imposed by the Controlled Substances Act when you joined Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. So when you say you were already familiar with, for example, the 222 form, that was from prior employment you were familiar with that?

Q. Okay. Although in your prior employment I think you had indicated you had little --

Q. I'm sorry?

Q. Okay. So going back to your time at Schein, you developed that familiarity?

Q. Was there any training that you received at Mallinckrodt with respect to the -- any requirements under the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Okay. And you indicated a little earlier that -- go ahead.

Q. Well, let's start with that, and then you can tell me also in the future whether you received any such training.

Q. Okay. You had indicated a little earlier today in terms of your general education that you had occasion to participate in various types of continuing education programs over the years. Did any of those programs address in any way requirements under the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Okay. But Ms. Harper conducted programs from time to time, I take it, at Mallinckrodt that addressed certain aspects of the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Welcome back, Ms. Collier.

Q. Before the break, we had marked as Exhibit 3 a document that included the job description director of marketing. I'd like to go through some of those items in some more detail. Before I do, who had been your predecessor at Mallinckrodt as director of marketing; do you know?

Q. And did Mr. Burd leave Mallinckrodt?

Q. And did you -- was there any sort of transition from Mr. Burd to you in terms of any meetings or transfer of information from him to you?

Q. Okay. Did you have access to any materials that he had prepared to assist the incoming director of marketing in transition?

Q. Okay. And you started at Mallinckrodt in mid-2009; is that right?

Q. Okay. Okay. Well, let's look at Exhibit 3 for a moment under the heading of director of marketing, specialty generics. Item Number 1 is "oversee the management of generic products by developing financially sound business plans." Tell me what -- well, first of all, during your time as director of marketing, did you develop business plans for the generic products?

Q. Were there separate plans for different products, or how did that work?

Q. Okay. And so the components of the business plan for a generic product would consist of what?

Q. Okay. When you say "quota allocation," what do you mean by that?

Q. Okay. And do you were you involved in the process of applying for or requesting quota from the DEA from time to time?

Q. Okay. And who would request that information from you regarding the customer?

Q. And so in formulating the business plans for the different products, one of the -- one of the issues you had to deal with was quota allocation, correct?

Q. And so the DEA quota, did you have an understanding as to how that quota was granted in terms of its applicability to various of the products?

Q. Okay. And so the quota, did you understand it to be -- to be applicable to each particular molecule of controlled substance?

Q. And did you understand -- did you have an understanding as to whether there was quota for a particular dosage of that molecule?

Q. Okay. You didn't have an understanding one way or the other on that?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And so in terms of formulating business plans for the different products, did you have a different business plan for different dosage and strength of the same molecule?

Q. Okay. So, for example, with oxycodone, when you -- when you joined Mallinckrodt, would you have a single business plan for oxycodone?

Q. So you had a separate business plan on the 5 milligram?

Q. Okay. But in terms of the quota from the DEA, your understanding was there was a single quota that Mallinckrodt had for oxycodone in whatever dosage and strength it chose to manufacture and sell, correct?

Q. Okay. So, for example, oxycodone 15 milligram versus 30 milligram, were there separate business plans for those two dosages?

Q. Okay. When you -- when you started at Mallinckrodt, did you review the then existing business plans for the various products that were within the specialty generics umbrella?

Q. Okay. So Exhibit 3, when there's a reference to developing financially sound business plans, was that a new initiative for the director of marketing when you joined compared to what Mallinckrodt had done historically?

Q. Okay. Item Number 2, "direct and lead the creation and development of marketing plans, promotional literature, product messages/identity and product-related activities." Does that accurately describe an aspect of your responsibilities while you were director of marketing?

Q. Okay. Well, let's break it down a little bit. First of all, it makes reference to marketing plans. Tell me what you understand it to mean -- what you understand a marketing plan to mean in this context.

Q. Okay. So in terms of gaining market share, since it's -- you're in a generic industry here, what techniques were available to you as a marketing director to develop strategies for gaining market share with respect to a particular product?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. So in general, generic pharmaceuticals, to expand market share I mean, I'm not in the business, so I'm obviously asking you as someone who has spent many years at this -- it would seem to be one of the things you can do is develop strategies to compete on price, correct?

Q. Okay. Apart from competing on price, what other strategies are available to you to implement to attempt to increase market share on a given product?

Q. Okay. So when you say communicating, letting them know "if there's

Q. Okay. So back to my question on, you know, techniques to increase market share, competing on price being one, excellent customer service of the type you described being another. Are there other approaches available to you as a director of marketing to try to increase market share with respect to a given product?

Q. Okay. When you joined Mallinckrodt, what was your understanding as to Mallinckrodt's market share with respect to its various generic products?

Q. Okay. When you first joined, were there any products that you can recall -- as to which you can recall any particular effort to increase market share?

Q. Okay. So putting aside product launches for a moment, during your time at Mallinckrodt, as a general matter, is it your recollection that in terms of market share, again, apart from launching new products, the emphasis was on maintaining existing market share?

Q. Okay. What are examples of products you can recall shedding because of nonprofitability?

Q. Okay. Any others?

Q. Okay. What product launches can you recall during your period at Mallinckrodt?

Q. From -- in terms of your position as director of marketing, what were your responsibilities associated with a product launch?

Q. And so how did you go about performing the analysis pertinent to those types of issues with respect to, for example,

Q. Okay. How about the fentanyl patch?

Q. Okay. So as director of marketing, what steps can you recall taking to deal with -- for example, in the fentanyl patch example, to deal with the fact Mylan already had a well-received product and Mallinckrodt would be a new entrant into that market?

Q. And when you say "message" in that setting, what do you mean by that?

Q. Okay. And when you say "we" did that, that was Mallinckrodt advertising?

Q. Were there similar or -- strike "similar." Were there other messaging initiatives with respect to other generic products that you can recall during your period as director of marketing?

Q. Okay. And how about with the existing product line, were there any messaging initiatives that you can recall?

Q. Okay. All right. Back on Item 2 on Exhibit 3, there's reference to, you know, "direct and lead the creation and development of marketing plans" and then promotional literature. Is promotional literature something that was part of your responsibilities?

Q. So tell me what sorts of promotional literature you oversaw.

Q. Okay. In terms of material you would think of as promotional material, approximately -- was that a regular process or was that an occasional process when there was, say, a new development with respect to a product?

Q. The next item under heading 2 is product messages/identity. I guess it's creation and development of product messages/identities. Is that something that you viewed as part of your responsibility as director of marketing?

Q. And tell me what that consisted of.

Q. Okay. Item Number 4 on Exhibit 3 is "identify new product/growth areas, including new dosage forms of existing products, preparing the necessary analyses to support same, which includes working with R&D on potential product line extensions and working with new product group and business development to develop strategies and tactics resulting in additions to Mallinckrodt's product portfolio." Does Item 4 describe an aspect of what you understood to be your responsibilities as director of marketing?

Q. And tell me what you did to go about identifying new product and growth areas in the matter described in Item 4 here.

Q. Okay. And so were there any new products you can recall during your time at Mallinckrodt that were developed where the -- where the impetus for that development came from the marketing department?

Q. Okay. And so in terms of the new products, it was -- marketing department's involvement was essentially responding to ideas that came out of other other parts of the company?

Q. Okay. Item Number 5. And I won't read the whole paragraph, but at the toward the end it talks about compliance with associated product-related dimensions as far as working with the regulatory and legal departments. Who did you work with -- who did the folks in the marketing department under you, as part of your team, work with in the regulatory and legal departments to ensure compliance as it's described in this paragraph?

Q. Okay. And when you say "on regulatory" in this setting, what do you mean? What sorts of things did you work on?

Q. Okay. Item 8 is "work closely with sales to ensure business plans are met." Was that part of your responsibility as director of marketing?

Q. And so who did you work with in the sales department to ensure business plans are met?

Q. Okay. Do you recall when Mr. Adams left?

Q. Okay. And in terms of working with those individuals, what was describe for me the types of things you would interact with them on.

Q. Okay. In terms of contract terms, pricing, et cetera, incentives and the like, who made the ultimate decision on whether to offer a particular term or incentive to a customer?

Q. Okay. And that was?

Q. Do you recall that occurring from time to time?

Q. Okay. When can you recall that occurring?

Q. And who was -- what was that occasion?

Q. I see. Do you recall what the product line was?

Q. Okay. Did you personally interact with any of the national account managers?

Q. And with whom can you recall interacting?

Q. Okay. And what was the what were the types of issues you would interact with them on?

Q. Okay. It appears to me from some of the documents I've seen that you and Mr. Borelli had some difficulties in your relationship from time to time; is that fair?

Q. Okay. Can you recall the circumstances that gave rise to those difficulties?

Q. Okay. Do you recall how those issues were resolved from time to time?

Q. Do you recall anyone at the company ever communicating to you anything to the effect that Mr. Borelli would say anything to make a sale?

Q. Okay. Did you interact with Ms. Stewart from time to time?

Q. Okay. Then I guess you didn't interact with her very much, if at all?

Q. Okay. How about Mr. Rausch? 11 :03:21

Q. Uh-huh. 11 :03:23

Q. Okay. In what context did you 11 :03:26 interact with him? 11 :03:29

Q. Okay. 11 :03:38

Q. Okay. Let's mark another 11 :04:12 document here. 11 :04:13 We've marked as Exhibit 4 a 11 :04:14 document bearing Bates MNK-Tl 0004887323, and 11 :04:30 it's a two-page document. One page is blank, 11 :04:40 indicating that it was produced in native 11 :04:44 format. The second page is another 11 :04:45 organizational chart relating to specialty 11 :04:50 generic marketing goals and responsibilities as of 1/12/2010. Take a moment to look at this chart and tell me if that -- if this chart is consistent with your recollection of those roles and responsibilities at this time.

Q. Okay. And I think you've already indicated Lisa Lundergan, that's she changed her name to Cardetti at some point?

Q. Okay. And at this point she was an associate. Did she report to Ms. Muhlenkamp at this point?

Q. Okay. And so for -- there are various products listed under each of the product managers, and to the best of your recollection, is that allocation of products among those product managers as of January 2010 accurate?

Q. Okay. When you joined Mallinckrodt -- so this -- this chart that 11 :06:07 we're looking at from January 2010, this is 11 :06:08 about six months after you joined the 11 :06:11 company, correct? 11 :06:13

Q. And so when you joined the 11 :06:14 company, were you aware of the existence of a 11 :06:16 suspicious order monitoring program at the 11 :06:23 company at that time? 11 :06:25

Q. Yes, when you joined in 2009, 11 :06:36 into early 2010. 11 :06:39

Q. Okay. And who was involved in 11 :06:45 the compliance team? 11 :06:47

Q. Okay. So you knew there was a compliance team. Did you

Q. Did you have any understanding of how the suspicious order monitoring process worked at Mallinckrodt at that time?

Q. Okay. Were you familiar with the term "peculiar order" at that time?

Q. Okay. When you say they would call from time to time with high orders, what do you recall them calling and asking about?

Q. Okay. And would they ask that 11 :07:59 directly of you or would they ask that of the 11 :08:01 product managers? 11 :08:04

Q. Okay. Can you remember 11 :08:15 specific examples where you worked with one 11 :08:15 or more of the national account managers 11 :08:18 responding to an inquiry you had received in 11 :08:20 this regard? 11 :08:22

Q. Okay. But you recall that it 11 :08:24 did happen? 11 :08:25

Q. And do you recall the 11 :08:26 approximate frequency with which that would 11 :08:28 happen? 11 :08:30

Q. Okay. Do you recall any of the 11 :08:37 feedback you received from the national account managers when you were personally involved in responding to an inquiry in this regard?

Q. Okay. Do you recall from whom the inquiry would come?

Q. Okay. And am I understanding you correctly that generally the inquiry would be along the lines that we've received

Q. Okay. So apart from just the 11 :09:43 size of the order, what other sorts of issues 11 :09:45 can you recall them flagging an order about? 11 :09:47

Q. Okay. And when you would 11 :10:03 receive such an inquiry, would it come 11 :10:06 through an e-mail typically? 11 :10:09

Q. Okay. So to the extent you 11 :10:11 received -- you personally received any such 11 :10:14 inquiries, they would be reflected in -- to 11 :10:16 the best of your knowledge, they'd be 11 :10:18 reflected in your e-mails, correct? 11 :10:20

Q. Okay. And when you inquired and so when you personally received an inquiry, you indicated you would inquire of the national account managers, correct?

Q. Did you take any other steps other than inquiring of the national account managers?

Q. What does that mean, "fair share" versus "oversized share"?

Q. Okay. And when you responded back to Ms. Harper's department to respond to the inquiry, would that be in an e-mail form that you would have responded?

Q. In what other forms might you 11 :11:30 have responded? 11 :11:33

Q. Do you recall if there was any 11 :11:34 requirement in place at Mallinckrodt at the 11 :11:40 time that a response to any such inquiry from 11 :11:42 Ms. Harper's department be in writing? 11 :11:46

Q. Do you know if any order as to 11 :11:51 which you personally received an inquiry from 11 :12:00 Ms. Harper's department was ultimately 11 :12:02 determined to be a suspicious order and 11 :12:05 reported to the DEA? 11 :12:07

Q. Okay. Do you know if the 11 :12:14 product managers who reported to you received 11 :12:22 inquiries from Ms. Harper's department with 11 :12:27 respect to potentially suspicious orders? 11 :12:31

Q. Okay. Do you recall any 11 :12:37 situation or occasion in which 11 :12:45 Ms. Muhlenkamp, for example, informed you 11 :12:47 that she had received an inquiry from 11 :12:51 Ms. Harper's department with respect to a 11 :12:56 potentially suspicious order? 11 :12:58

Q. Okay. Did you perform periodic 11 :13:02 evaluations of the performance of the product 11 :13:12 managers who reported to you? 11 :13:14

Q. And so did that evaluation 11 :13:15 include in any regard their activities in 11 :13:18 responding to inquiries they had received 11 :13:24 with respect to potentially suspicious 11 :13:26 orders? 11 :13:29

Q. Okay. With respect to 11 :13:39 Ms. Muhlenkamp in particular, do you recall 11 :13:42 being aware at any point of any -- well, 11 :13:44 strike that. 11 :13:48 You've already testified with 11 :13:48 regard to activities Ms. Muhlenkamp took when 11 :13:51 the Sunrise issues came up and accessing the 11 :13:53 chargeback data. Apart from that example, do 11 :13:58 you recall other circumstances in which you 11 :14:04 were aware that Ms. Muhlenkamp was conducting 11 :14:06 any review of a potentially suspicious order? 11 :14:11

Q. Okay. How about 11 :14:19 Mr. Montgomery? 11 :14:23

Q. Okay. And how about Ms. Myers? 11 :14:29

Q. Or Ms. Lundergan? 11 :14:36

Q. Okay. So in -- so when the 11 :14:44 compliance department had a question 11 :15:01 regarding a potentially suspicious order, was 11 :15:02 there a procedure in place at Mallinckrodt 11 :15:06 under which they would refer that question to 11 :15:16 any particular person in the marketing 11 :15:19 department? 11 :15:22

Q. Sure. If someone in the compliance department had a question regarding whether an order was a suspicious order and they wanted to refer that to the marketing department for further information, was there

Q. Okay. So in terms of -- within the marketing department, from your standpoint, there wasn't any formal procedure in place that stated that inquiries from the compliance department with respect to potentially suspicious orders that were made to the marketing department should be handled 11 :16:28 by person A, person B, person C, anything 11 :16:31 like that; is that fair? 11 :16:33

Q. Okay. And so when you say 11 :17:02 "they" knew who handled which products, you 11 :17:07 mean the compliance department knew which -- 11 :17:09 which product manager handled which product; 11 :17:11 is that fair? 11 :17:14

Q. Okay. And certain inquiries 11 :17:15 you became involved in personally. 11 :17:24 Are you aware of any inquiries 11 :17:28 that were referred to anyone in the market 11 :17:30 department -- marketing department, you know, 11 :17:32 inquiries regarding potentially suspicious 11 :17:36 orders, other than the inquiries that you 11 :17:39 personally became involved in? 11 :17:41

Q. Okay. 11 :17:47

Q. Okay. Was it your expectation 11 :17:53 that if a product manager received an inquiry 11 :17:56 from the compliance department with respect 11 :18:00 to a potentially suspicious order that the 11 :18:02 product manager would inform you of that 11 :18:05 inquiry? 11 :18:07

Q. Sure. 11 :18:21 But as the -- as their -- the 11 :18:21 person to whom they reported, was it your 11 :18:27 expectation that they would inform you of their receipt of an inquiry from the compliance department with respect to a potentially suspicious order?

Q. Okay. And so there was no -- is it fair to say that there was no requirement in place within the marketing department that a product manager report to you when they received a -- an inquiry from the compliance department as to a potentially suspicious order?

Q. Okay. Okay. Focusing back on exhibit -- what are we on, 4? I realize you've testified that the composition of your team changed over time as folks left. In terms of the particular products that are set forth on Exhibit 4, when Ms. Muhlenkamp left, did Lisa Lundergan/Cardetti -- Cardetti, is it?

Q. Thank you. Did she assume responsibility for those products?

Q. Okay. All right. And Mr. Montgomery, was he a product manager through your tenure at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And so senior product manager was -- did he still report to you --

Q. Okay. Were there other senior product managers?

Q. Okay. And who took his spot as product manager when he was promoted?

Q. Okay. The particular products that are listed under Mr. Montgomery's name on Exhibit 4, did they -- were they taken by Mr. Longenecker when he took Mr. Montgomery's position?

Q. Okay.

Q. And I'm sorry, when you say Lisa Lundergan left, I thought -- did I misunderstand? I thought she had taken --

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Great. Okay. You can set that document aside. When you joined Mallinckrodt in mid-2009, did you have any awareness at that time of circumstances that have come to be 11 :22:05 known as the opioid epidemic in this country? 11 :22:11

Q. Okay. When did you become 11 :22:21 aware of that, do you think? 11 :22:22

Q. Okay. What kind of background 11 :22:37 did you do? 11 :22:39

Q. Okay. And how did you go about 11 :22:47 doing that? 11 :22:48

Q. Okay. And what did you discover?

Q. Okay. When you say "we," do you mean Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay.

Q. So this effort of looking into Florida distribution in particular, was this something that you were -- did anyone else at Mallinckrodt ask you to undertake this inquiry?

Q. Okay. And when you said "they said," these are press accounts you were --

Q. Okay. And so -- so were you looking into distribution in Florida of product that Mallinckrodt had originally manufactured, or were you looking more generally at the entire industry?

Q. Okay. And what did you do with that information after you -- after you developed it?

Q. Okay. And was it to Ms. Harper, or do you remember who in particular --

Q. Okay. Do you remember the format in which you turned it over?

Q. Okay. And did you receive back from the compliance department any requests for follow-up information or analysis?

Q. Okay. Do you know which other department?

Q. Okay. And in terms of when you pulled this data, this was in the 2010 time frame?

Q. And it was triggered by the Sunrise DEA issues you became aware of?

Q. Do you know if as a result of the compilation of that data there were any changes in Mallinckrodt's approach to the sale of any of the opioid products? 11 :25:47

Q. Did you have occasion well, 11 :25:55 strike that. 11 :25:59 Part of your job responsibility 11 :25:59 was preparing forecasts and reviewing sales 11 :26:01 results, et cetera, right, on a regular 11 :26:05 basis; is that fair? 11 :26:07

Q. So after you compiled the data 11 :26:08 in 2010, as you prepared sales forecasts or 11 :26:11 reviewed sales results going forward, did you 11 :26:20 make any effort to evaluate whether the sales 11 :26:22 patterns going forward were different in any 11 :26:29 way from what had predated the period during 11 :26:33 which you compiled this information about the 11 :26:39 Florida sales? 11 :26:41

Q. And what did you find? 11 :26:45

Q. And is that what actually 11 :26:50 happened, or is that what you projected and --

Q. Okay. And do you know what caused that to happen, for the sales to be lower?

Q. Okay. And mechanically, how did you go about estimating what the consequences would be of certain customers not being able to ship into Florida?

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 5 a 11 :28:45 document that was produced in native format 11 :28:47 under MNK-T1 0004881300. 11 :28:48 And the document is a strategic 11 :28:53 business update for Covidien Pharmaceuticals 11 :28:58 Specialty Generics dated December 2, 2009. 11 :29:03 Could you take a moment and 11 :29:06 look through that document and tell me if you 11 :29:07 recognize it? 11 :29:10

Q. Do you recognize that document? 11 :30:27

Q. Okay. 11 :30:33

Q. Okay. Did -- would you have 11 :30:35 participated in the preparation of any of the 11 :30:40 materials that are contained in this document?

Q. Which ones?

Q. Okay.

Q. What are REMS?

Q. Okay. So it's a regulatory requirement?

Q. Okay. So turning to the slides 1 and 2, on slide 2, it refers to meeting participants, yourself and three other Covidien/Mallinckrodt folks, and then four AmerisourceBergen folks, correct?

Q. Was this a regular type of meeting that was held between Mallinckrodt and AmerisourceBergen?

Q. Okay. Do you recall if there was any particular reason for this -- this meeting and this strategic business update to be prepared?

Q. Okay. Do you recall participating in similar strategic meetings with other customers of Mallinckrodt from time to time?

Q. Okay. Do you recall if -- I realize this -- this is from December of '09, which was your first year at Mallinckrodt. Do you recall if there had been prior meetings with AmerisourceBergen of this type prior to the time you joined Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. On slide 7, it says "VIP update" at the top. What does VIP mean in this context?

Q. And what is that?

Q. Okay. Is this separate from the chargeback program that you discussed earlier?

Q. Okay. And so slide 7 is showing us the volume-based rebate. Is that the VIP rebate?

Q. Okay. And so AmerisourceBergen, from April of '09 through October of '09, had total sales of a little bit more than 29 million, correct?

Q. And then the numbers below the table, what do those numbers indicate?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. So if Amerisource since AmerisourceBergen had 29 million and change during this period, am I reading this correctly they would have received 5 percent of 17.6 million and then 7 percent of the difference between 17.6 -- well, I guess 15 million more on top of that 17.76, to 32.6, and then 8 percent -- well, they didn't get to 32.6. So they would have gotten 5 percent of the first 17.6 and 7 percent of the balance; is that correct?

Q. I see. So it ratchets it up for the entire thing if you reach the -- the next tier?

Q. Okay. And was that volume -- were those volume thresholds, were those six months? One year? How were they set out?

Q. Okay. So here we have six -- one, two, three, four, five -- these are seven months, actually, of results that we're seen on this chart, correct, from April through October?

Q. So if AmerisourceBergen had additional sales over the remaining five months, their rebate would be determined based on the table -- the figures below the table, ultimately, correct?

Q. Okay. On slide 9, there's 11 :35:54 reference to scorecard service levels. 11 :36:12 What does "scorecard" mean in 11 :36:14 this setting? 11 :36:16

Q. Okay. So on the table, there's 11 :36:33 COV, raw service level and PRO raw service 11 :36:37 level. 11 :36:42 What are those showing us? 11 :36:42

Q. Okay. 11 :37:00

Q. Okay. All right. We can set 11 :37:06 that document aside.

Q. Ms. Collier, we've marked as Exhibits 6 and 7 an e-mail and attachment from 2009. Exhibit 6 is Bates MNK-T1 0006305472, and Exhibit 7 is a document that was produced in native format under MNK-T1 0006305473. Would you take a moment to look at those materials and tell me if you recognize them. Do you recognize those materials?

Q. Okay. And it appears that the attachment is the beginnings of the business review that you referred to in your 11/20/09 e-mail, correct?

Q. Okay. So did you compile the information that's included in Exhibit 7?

Q. Okay. If you would turn to slide 5 in Exhibit 7, there's a term "Covidien modified gross" with an asterisk. It's -- slide 5 it would be. I believe you're looking at 6.

Q. There you go. There's a reference to Covidien modified gross with an asterisk, and then the asterisk explains how modified gross is determined. Is that a metric that had been used at Mallinckrodt at the time that you joined, modified gross?

Q. Okay. And do you know why that metric was used?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And when you say "WAC sales," you mean if you were not calculating in the chargebacks?

Q. Okay. And what's -- in the footnote there's a reference to wholesaler differentials. What is that?

Q. Okay. And then to get to 11 :59:13 modified gross, you're also backing out the 11 :59:16 oxycodone ER, fentanyl lozenge and fentanyl 11 :59:20 patch. 11 :59:25 What's the reason for taking 11 :59:26 those out? 11 :59:27

Q. What do you mean when you say 11 :59:44 "a paragraph IV filing"? 11 :59:46

Q. Okay. On slide 6, under the pie chart there's a reference to four key product families represent 82 percent of total modified gross sales. Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall that being the case back in fiscal '09?

Q. And do you recall if that metric changed over time in terms of those four product families and the percentage total modified gross sales that they represented?

Q. And how did it change?

Q. Okay. All right. If you would 12: 01:10 turn back to slide 38, under the assumptions 12: 01:23 under the table, one of the assumptions is 12: 01:38 market growth rate 7 percent. 12: 01:40 Do you recall what the basis 12: 01:43 was for that assumption? 12: 01:45

Q. The next bullet item says, 12: 01:55 "COV" -- I assume that's Covidien or 12: 02:00 Mallinckrodt -- "will increase compliance at 12: 02:02 McKesson." 12: 02:05 Do you see that? 12: 02:06

Q. What does that phrase mean, 12: 02:06 "increase compliance" in this setting? 12: 02:10

Q. So the word "compliance" in 12: 02:38 this setting means compliance with what their 12: 02:42 sales or purchasing forecast had been? 12: 02:44

Q. Okay. I'm just trying to 12: 03:13 understand the meaning of the word 12: 03:15 "compliance" in this setting. Is compliance with what they had forecast they would be buying?

Q. Okay. If you turn to the next slide, slide 30 -- I'm sorry, 39, under the assumptions, there's a -- market growth rate is 15 percent here. Would that also be based on historical data?

Q. Okay. And would that be various of these products had a market growth rate assumption on the different slides. Is that always the case, it's based on historical data that you had?

Q. Okay. Under slide 40, or on slide 40, under Assumptions, the second bullet item says, "COV will recover 2009 lost market share that resulted from backorders." Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what that's referring to?

Q. Slide 44, Actions to Improve Performance, the bullet item says, "Secure Walgreens business." Do you recall if that occurred?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Okay. We can set those documents aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 8 a document produced in native format under Bates MNK-T1 0002236317, and it's a PowerPoint deck that's -- first slide indicates Covidien Pharmaceuticals Specialty Generics Business Review, April 7, 2010. Could you take a look and tell me if you recognize that document?

Q. Do you recognize that document?

Q. And what is it?

Q. And did you participate in the preparation of this document?

Q. Okay. And is this a document that you would prepare on an annual basis?

Q. If you turn to slide 4, it 12: 10:32 indicates Fiscal Year 2010 Specialty Generics 12: 10:44 Objectives. First one is "rebuild customer 12: 10:48 confidence." 12: 10:51 Do you recall why the objective 12: 10:53 was to rebuild customer confidence at this 12: 10:57 time? 12: 10:59

Q. And what were those supply 12: 11:01 issues? 12: 11:03

Q. Okay. And so was that a 12: 11:32 problem that existed at the time you joined 12: 11:35 Mallinckrodt? 12: 11:37

Q. Okay. Do you know if the company had experienced similar supply problems historically?

Q. Sure.

Q. Okay. In terms of the problems that were experienced in fiscal '09, do you know if it was the result of an increase in demand for the products?

Q. Okay. And you indicated part of the problem was some difficulty in obtaining sufficient raw materials. Do you know if in 2009 the Mallinckrodt was seeking to obtain raw materials at a greater level than it had historically?

Q. Okay. So it's Mallinckrodt manufacture of the raw materials for Hobart that was the issue?

Q. I see. Okay. And do you know if the -- if the manufacturing level -- or if the target manufacturing level in 2009 was a higher level than the company had historically engaged in?

Q. On slide 4, second bullet item is "control price erosion." Do you see that?

Q. And what's that referring to?

Q. Okay. Was price erosion a problem at the time that you were particularly focused on addressing?

Q. And do you know what was causing that problem in fiscal '09?

Q. Okay. Turn if you would to slide 51, which is a pie chart showing the specialty generic expenses. One of the items in the pie 12: 14:15 chart is seminars, meetings, conferences. 12: 14:20 Do you see that? 12: 14:22

Q. What types of seminars, 12: 14:23 meetings, conferences would Mallinckrodt 12: 14:24 participate in that gave rise to this 12: 14:29 expense? 12: 14:33

Q. Okay. And so down below I see 12: 15:23 COND, which I assume is conventions and 12: 15:28 exhibits. 12: 15:30 Is that a different type of 12: 15:30 event from what you've just described? 12: 15:32

Q. Okay. Who made the 12: 15:47 determination as to what seminars and 12: 15:53 meetings Mallinckrodt would participate in 12: 15:57 that give rise to the expenses that are shown 12: 16:00 on this slide? 12: 16:02

Q. And how about the conventions 12: 16:20 and exhibits? Who would decide what -- which 12: 16:21 of those to participate in? 12: 16:23

Q. Okay. Take a look at slide 54, 12: 16:38 if you would, please. There's a reference to 12: 16:48 unapproved products deletions -- unapproved 12: 16:56 products deletion. 12: 17:01 Do you know what that's 12: 17:03 referring to? 12: 17:04

Q. Okay. And on the right-hand column there's identity of the products that fall under this category, correct?

Q. Okay. Turn, if you would, to slide 59.

Q. Improve Customer Confidence. The second bullet item is "narcotic story." Do you see that?

Q. What does that refer to?

Q. Okay. And was -- since that's under the heading "Improve Customer Confidence," was there a belief that there was some failure of customer confidence with respect to Mallinckrodt's manufacturing process, or what gave rise to that being something that you'd address to deal with customer confidence?

Q. Okay. You can set that document aside.

Q. We've marked as document -- as Exhibit 9 a document produced in native format under Bates MNK-Tl 0002237098. Would you take a moment to take

Q. Do you recognize that document?

Q. And what is it?

Q. Okay. Was that a regular process, to present a business review to Hobart?

Q. Was there a reason this particular presentation was made when it was?

Q. Okay. And so who made this presentation?

Q. And you participated in that?

Q. And participated in compiling the information that's contained in this package? 12: 22:42

Q. Okay. If you turn to slide 2, 12: 22:44 you'll see it's an org chart, and this -- the 12: 22:48 spot that previously had been occupied by 12: 22:52 Ms. Muhlenkamp is identified as vacant. 12: 22:55 So is that consistent with your 12: 22:58 recollection, by February 2011 Ms. Muhlenkamp 12: 23:00 had left? 12: 23:04

Q. And ultimately -- ultimately, 12: 23:05 who took that spot? 12: 23:10

Q. Okay. Great. 12: 23:26 On slide 3, Ranking of Generic 12: 23:26 Companies, Covidien/Mallinckrodt is indicated 12: 23:35 MAT September 2010 rank. 12: 23:38 What is MAT? 12: 23:41

Q. Okay. And scripts are 12: 23:44 prescriptions; is that right? 12: 23:47

Q. Okay. And share of generics, 12: 23:49 do you know how that's calculated? 12: 23:51

Q. Okay. So it's not a dollar determination?

Q. It's a number of prescriptions determination?

Q. Okay. And again so here the company is identified Covidien/Mallinckrodt, but there was no separate product line that was Covidien versus Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Okay.

Q. Yeah. Was that the case with branded product, that there was --

Q. Okay. If you turn to slide 12 -- I'm sorry, 11. 11 says "FY '11 overall goal: Preserve, maintain but grow, underscore, the generic core business." So the reference here to the generic core business, what would that be referring to?

Q. Okay. Okay. And turn to slide 12, please.

Q. Slide 12, one of the fiscal year '11 objectives is "reinforce Covidien/Mallinckrodt as pain management experts." Do you see that?

Q. And what steps were taken to reinforce Covidien/Mallinckrodt as pain management experts?

Q. Okay. When you say "Karen," is 12: 25:55 that Karen Harper? 12: 25:57

Q. So in terms of pain management, 12: 25:58 I mean, that would -- your recollection is 12: 26:05 to -- that meant storing and warehousing 12: 26:09 product? 12: 26:13

Q. But the expertise that is being 12: 26:20 reinforced here, what expertise is that, as 12: 26:25 best you can recall? 12: 26:29

Q. Okay. All right. You can set 12: 26:43 that document aside. 12: 26:50 12: 27:07 QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 10 a single-page -- or two-page document, sorry, beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0002738887. It appears to be a letter that you sent out October 11, 2011. Please take a look and tell me if you recognize it

Q. Do you recognize that letter?

Q. And do you recall sending this letter out in October of 2011?

Q. Okay. Did you send a series of similar letters out to other customers?

Q. Okay. And this letter, the first paragraph says, "Mallinckrodt, LLC, continues to experience supply challenges related to our oxycodone immediate release tablets in 15-milligram and 30-milligram strengths. The supply issue is driven by unexpected quota shortfalls from the US Drug 12: 29:03 Enforcement Administration, with no firm 12: 29:06 answer at this point as to when that 12: 29:07 situation will improve." 12: 29:09 Do you recall that circumstance 12: 29:11 back in 2011? 12: 29:12

Q. So you had testified earlier 12: 29:14 back in 2009 there were some supply issues 12: 29:18 relating to some manufacturing constraints or 12: 29:21 difficulties, correct? 12: 29:26 In 2011, now there's supply 12: 29:28 issues resulting from quota shortfalls. Do 12: 29:31 you know what cause or -- well, strike that. 12: 29:36 There's a reference here to 12: 29:39 unexpected quota shortfalls. Did you ever 12: 29:41 come to have an understanding as to the 12: 29:45 reasons for those quota shortfalls? 12: 29:49

Q. Okay. So when you use the 12: 29:56 phrase "quota shortfalls" in this letter, 12: 29:59 what do you mean by that exactly?

Q. Okay. And do you know if the -- if the quota that Mallinckrodt received for the year was less than prior year quota, or do you have any understanding of that at all?

Q. In the third paragraph you say, "You were one of our valued partners, and it is our goal to meet as much of your demand as possible. The impact this supply reduction could have on your business is well understood. We have developed a supply plan, attached, to maximize the amount of oxycodone we can ship to you in the coming months that are helping you to meet the needs of your customers and their patients," correct?

Q. How did you go about developing the supply plan and allocating the available quota among the existing customers?

Q. Do you recall receiving responses from various customers to this and other similar letters that went out at this time?

Q. Did you have any direct contact with any of those customers?

Q. Did you -- were there any 12: 32:16 modifications made to the proposed 12: 32:18 allocations as a result of any feedback 12: 32:22 received from customers? 12: 32:25

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. 12: 32:31

Q. Okay. And is that something 12: 32:33 that would have been a decision you would 12: 32:34 have been involved in? 12: 32:37

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. 12: 32:39 12: 32:50 QUESTIONS BY

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 12 12: 33:11 {sic} a multipage document beginning at Bates 12: 33:14 MNK-T1 0007289278. Appears to be minutes and 12: 33:16 — actionitem from a November 23, 2011 business 12: 33:23 review meeting. 12: 33:30

Q. If you could take a moment and look at that document, Ms. Collier. I just have a question for you on the third page.

Q. Yes, page 3, please. First of all, do you recognize what this document is?

Q. And what is it?

Q. Okay. So turn to the third page, please, and the table in the middle of the page, the second line that begins with "oxymorphone/oxycodone constraint." Do you see that?

Q. It says, "Favor oxymorphone production at the expense of oxycodone for 12: 36:25 generics." 12: 36:27 Do you know why that decision 12: 36:28 was made? 12: 36:30

Q. Okay. And then the next 12: 36:57 paragraph in that -- in that box on the table 12: 37:00 says, "Need to know impact of further 12: 37:03 oxycodone reduction for the generics business 12: 37:05 in order to manage demand to the appropriate 12: 37:07 levels." 12: 37:09 Do you see that? 12: 37:10

Q. And my question is: The 12: 37:18 reference to manage demand to appropriate levels, how would you -- what steps would -- as marketing director, what steps would you take to try to manage demand to appropriate levels?

Q. Okay. And that -- you'd view those steps as managing demand?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Ms. Collier, we have now marked as Exhibit 12 a document, a multipage document, beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000661013. It appears to be an intern initiation prepared in June of 2014. If you could take a look at that and tell me if you recognize that 12: 38:45 document. 12: 38:46

Q. Do you recognize that document? 12: 39:57

Q. And what is it? 12: 39:58

Q. Okay. And did you prepare this 12: 40:10 document? 12: 40:12

Q. Okay. If you would turn to 12: 40:15 slide 4, which is Mallinckrodt Generics 12: 40:22 Business Overview, our key products in order 12: 40:33 of sales value, and then it lists a series of 12: 40:36 products. 12: 40:40 Best of your recollection, is 12: 40:41 this an accurate depiction of the key 12: 40:43 products Mallinckrodt generics offered in 12: 40:46 fiscal 2014? 12: 40:49

Q. Okay. And turn, if you would, to slide 17.

Q. Products driving net sales. It says, "FY '14 net sales LE." What does the LE refer to in this setting?

Q. Okay. And FY '13 net sales, those are actuals, I take it?

Q. Okay. And to the best of your knowledge, the data depicted on this pie chart for fiscal '13 and '14 is accurate?

Q. Okay. And turn, if you would, to slide 20.

Q. And it's current market model, revised market model. And under current market model it says, "Products are pushed out to customers through pricing and incentive programs." And then under revised market model, "Customers add products through 12: 42:10 pricing incentive programs and preferred 12: 42:11 service." 12: 42:13 Could you elaborate on the 12: 42:14 distinction that's being drawn there and what 12: 42:17 steps were taken at Mallinckrodt to move from 12: 42:20 current model to revised model? 12: 42:23

Q. Okay. Turn to slide 22, if you would. There's a reference to customer connectivity initiative, which sounds like it may be part of what you were just talking about.

Q. If you could just describe to me what's meant by a customer connectivity initiative.

Q. Welcome back, Ms. Collier.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 13 a multipage document beginning with Bates MNK-T1 0000607429. Appears to be a specialty — generic strategic plan, 2013 to 2017. It's quite a lengthy document. I just have a few questions for you on it. If you could just look at it just briefly to confirm that -- or ascertain if you're familiar with it.

Q. And what is it?

Q. Okay. And did you participate in the preparation of this?

Q. Okay. If you would turn to slide 20. And this is an industry trends retail slide. And the bottom two bullet items, one says, "Our focus here will continue to diminish as C-IIs become less of an opportunity." Do you know what's meant by that?

Q. Okay. How about the next bullet, "Need to implement SOM monitoring for HB/APAP for this class of customers in addition to the wholesalers." Do you know what's meant there?

Q. Okay. All right. If you'd turn to slide 28, please. This is a slide entitled "Customer Initiatives." Toward the middle of the slide, there's a reference to "compliance initiatives based on growing more profitable product families." What would be examples of compliance initiatives?

Q. So in terms of the initiative, though, what sorts of things would you do to -- to -- as it says, "Growing more profitable product families through a compliance initiative"?

Q. Okay. Turn to slide 54, please. This is the SWOT analysis. Under Strengths, the first

Q. I'm sorry, it's slide 54.

Q. These are a little tiny.

Q. Okay. So the SWOT analysis for Mallinckrodt, under Strengths, the first bullet item is, "Recognized as leader in narcotics." Do you see that?

Q. And what's the basis for that, that Mallinckrodt is recognized as a leader in narcotics?

Q. Okay. Under Strengths, the bottom bullet item says, "Lobbyists engaged in legislation." Do you recall at this time if there were any particular legislative initiatives that lobbyists were engaged in?

Q. Under Weaknesses there's "prolonged supply issues," and that's something we've touched on here today, correct?

Q. And it appears that that continued to be a problem up till the time this document was prepared, correct?

Q. Under Threats, first bullet item is "pill mill legislation." Why was pill mill legislation a threat?

Q. Okay. Do you know if there was specific pending or proposed legislation related to pill mills at this time that was of particular interest?

Q. Okay. Turn to slide 95, please. If it's easier, it's -- the Bates number ends in 523 in the lower right-hand corner.

Q. This slide is on promotional positioning. What's meant by that phrase, "promotional positioning"?

Q. Okay. And the second main bullet item says, "Primary focus is Mallinckrodt is a leader in pain management." Do you see that?

Q. And under that, the bullet item is "committed to education." What's that referring to, "committed to education"?

Q. Okay. Two bullet items below that, there's a bullet item "education about the proper use of medication and therapeutic category." Do you see that?

Q. Any more insight into education in that context?

Q. Okay. And the next bullet item, "Sponsor CE article in drug topics." Do you know what that article pertained to?

Q. Okay. Next bullet item says, "Our primary vehicles for getting out our messages will be direct mail, Pharm/alert and PDQ." Direct mail in this setting, what is that referring to?

Q. When you said "they can't sell to hospital pharmacies," who is the "they" you're referring to there? Maybe I just didn't understand your answer. You were talking in terms of a direct mail to pharmacies.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And so direct mail could go to retail pharmacies and hospital pharmacies?

Q. Okay. And how often -- well, who was in charge of any kind of direct mail program that you engaged in from time to time?

Q. Who decided what was going to get sent out to whom?

Q. Okay. And so in terms of direct mail to retail pharmacy or to hospital pharmacy, what sort of information would you provide to them in a direct mailing?

Q. Okay. What is PDQ?

Q. Okay. The next bullet item says, "Other vehicles will be webinars, our website and e-mails." What types of webinars were conducted?

Q. Who would have coordinated webinar activity?

Q. Okay. But you don't recall if that actually was done?

Q. Turn to slide 97, please, two after the one you're on. It's a slide about other promotional activities. And there's a bullet, "advisory boards, question mark, topics, value, potential participants." Do you recall if Mallinckrodt became involved in any advisory boards?

Q. Was there a decision made not to do that, or is it just something that didn't come together?

Q. Do you know why?

Q. And if you turn to the next slide, slide 98, it's Generic Business Expenses, and the first line, which says, "Product Manager Collier." And there's some prior year, fiscal '12 and fiscal '13 figures, which show a significant increase in fiscal year '13 budget versus the prior years. Do you know what the reason for that is?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Ms. Collier, Exhibit 14 is a multipage document beginning at Bates MNK-Tl 0000663716. Appears to be a strategic plan for the years 2014 through '19. Again, I just have a couple of questions for you on the document.

Q. But if you can look through it briefly just to familiarize yourself and confirm that you are familiar with it.

Q. Are you familiar with this document?

Q. And what is it?

Q. Okay. And did you participate in the preparation of this document?

Q. Okay. If you would turn to slide 8, please. The Bates number ends in 723.

Q. This is a trends slide, and the bottom half, there's a bullet item talking about "abuse-deterrent legislation." Do you see that?

Q. What was abuse-deterrent legislation as used in this slide?

Q. Okay. And the very last bullet item on this slide says, "Mallinckrodt and GPHA are opposed to this." Is that the abuse-deterrent legislation that Mallinckrodt was opposed to?

Q. And do you know why Mallinckrodt was opposed to abuse-deterrent legislation?

Q. Okay. All right. And if you would turn to the Bates -- Bates number 768 at the end, toward the back of the document. It's slide 53. It's the SWOT analysis. And this is similar to the SWOT analysis we looked at in the prior exhibit. Under Threats, though, I had a question on the last item: "Continued attempts by government to restrict access in an effort to reduce abuse or misuse which affects pain patients." Do you know what continued attempts by the government are being referred to in that bullet item?

Q. Okay. And that was a threat to Mallinckrodt for what reason?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 15 a single-page e-mail bearing Bates MNK-T1 0000418885, and as Exhibit 16 what I believe is one of the attachments to that e-mail, a multipage document that was produced in native form under Bates MNK-11 0000418886. Take a look at those documents, if you would, and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. And what are they?

Q. And why was that of interest to you, whether they were buying from other distributors?

Q. Okay. So is this the work product that you were referring to earlier today when you talked about analysis that you and Ms. Muhlenkamp did after the Sunrise issues surfaced?

Q. Okay. So the attachment -- just to be sure I understand the -- what's depicted here. Customer name -- the customer in the context of Exhibit 16 is Mallinckrodt's customer's customer, correct?

Q. Okay. So is the customer that's listed on Exhibit 16 the entity that would be identified as a customer in the chargeback report that Mallinckrodt maintained?

Q. Okay. And that may be the direct customer of Mallinckrodt's customer or may be an indirect customer of Mallinckrodt's customer; is that fair?

Q. And this report is for the September 2010 time period; is that correct?

Q. Is this the first time that you and Ms. Muhlenkamp gathered this information; do you know?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Did you engage in this data gathering process again in the future?

Q. Okay. So according to Exhibit 15, your cover e-mail, you sent this to Mr. Becker, Mr. Borelli and Ms. Williams, correct?

Q. And did you have further discussions with them regarding the data or any further evaluation of this data?

Q. What can you recall?

Q. Okay. And so would that be the case as to any of your customers' customers if they were buying from multiple distributors, you would not pay chargebacks to your -- to Mallinckrodt's distributor?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. But the rationale was because they were buying from multiple distributors, Mallinckrodt wouldn't pay chargebacks to the distributor who was buying from Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Okay. And the second entry on the list, the Tru-Valu Drugs customer, that was buying from six distributors, correct?

Q. How did you ascertain how many different distributors a customer was buying from?

Q. So the number of distributors here -- so, for example, Tru-Valu Drugs buying from six different distributors, are those six different Mallinckrodt distributors?

Q. Okay. So it's possible they could have been buying from other parties as well, correct?

Q. Okay. Is there -- what would be a business reason why a party identified as a customer on this list would buy from multiple Mallinckrodt distributors? 14 :01:37

Q. Okay. When you gathered this 14 :01:57 information, was it surprising to you to 14 :02:01 learn how many distributors these customers 14 :02:04 were buying from? 14 :02:08

Q. Would your expectation have 14 :02:12 been that they would have been buying from 14 :02:13 just one distributor? 14 :02:16

Q. And in the month of September, 14 :02:18 if I'm reading this correctly, it's 14 :02:32 approximately a million and a half dollars of 14 :02:35 gross sales to these various customers; is 14 :02:38 that correct? 14 :02:40

Q. Do you have any estimate of the 14 :02:41 percentage of sales of Mallinckrodt product 14 :02:51 in September of 2010 that went to the state 14 :02:56 of Florida, what percentage of those sales are reflected on Exhibit 16?

Q. Was any effort made to ascertain that?

Q. Do you know if the chargeback database that Mallinckrodt maintained would have been a source for that information?

Q. Yeah. My question about the percentage of sales into Florida that these Exhibit 16 sales reflect, do you know if the chargeback data that Mallinckrodt maintained could have been queried to ascertain the answer to that question?

Q. And I think you indicated 14 :04:00 earlier that when you spoke to Mr. Becker and 14 :04:06 Borelli and Ms. Williams about this data, 14 :04:14 part of the idea was to let the distributors 14 :04:17 know what you had discovered. 14 :04:20 Do you know if that's -- if 14 :04:24 that information would otherwise have been 14 :04:27 available to Mallinckrodt's distributor 14 :04:30 customers? 14 :04:33

Q. In other words, would they have 14 :04:34 had any independent way of ascertaining which 14 :04:36 of their customers were buying from other 14 :04:40 Mallinckrodt distributors? 14 :04:41

Q. Okay. And I think you've 14 :04:47 already testified you performed this analysis 14 :04:55 just this one time that's reflected here on 14 :04:57 Exhibit 16, correct?

Q. Do you know if any similar analysis was ever conducted with respect to sales in states other than Florida?

Q. Well, it appears that the significant -- the substantial majority of the states -- of the customers on here are identified as Florida, although there were multiple other states listed as well. Do you know -- is it your understanding that this list, Exhibit 16, is

Q. Okay. 14 :06:03

Q. For all states? 14 :06:05

Q. Okay. Do you have an 14 :06:12 understanding of what the reference to 14 :06:16 September 2010 in the title of the document 14 :06:19 means? 14 :06:21

Q. Do you -- 14 :06:33

Q. Go ahead. 14 :06:36

Q. Okay. So you don't know if the 14 :06:44 data -- if the sales that are reflected on 14 :06:45 Exhibit 16 occurred in September 2010 or at 14 :06:49 some other point? 14 :06:52

Q. Presumably it would have 14 :06:54 included September 2010, but it might have 14 :06:56 extended beyond that? 14 :06:59

Q. You just don't know? 14 :07:00

Q. Okay. And so if it's the case 14 :07:03 that Exhibit 16 reflects all of the customers 14 :07:11 buying from multiple Mallinckrodt 14 :07:16 distributors for whatever time period is 14 :07:18 applicable here, it would appear to be the 14 :07:20 case that that phenomenon of customers buying 14 :07:23 from multiple distributors was highly 14 :07:28 concentrated, if not exclusive, to the state 14 :07:32 of Florida. 14 :07:34 It was at least highly 14 :07:35 concentrated in Florida, correct? 14 :07:37

Q. Okay. But certainly among the 14 :08:00 universe of customers whose purchases gave 14 :08:03 rise to a chargeback claim that a distributor 14 :08:05 made to Mallinckrodt, it's the case that this 14 :08:08 phenomenon of purchases from multiple 14 :08:11 distributors was heavily concentrated in 14 :08:13 Florida? 14 :08:15

Q. And on page 3, the David's 14 :08:21 Pharmacy line is highlighted. 14 :08:25 Do you have any idea why that 14 :08:26 is? Is it because it's the average? 14 :08:28

Q. And that percent to average 14 :08:31 column, what is that reflecting? 14 :08:35

Q. Okay. So it's a comparison. So, for example, West Coast Pharmacy on the first page, 499.7 percent is

Q. Okay. Thank you. At the time of the preparation of the analysis or the compilation that's reflected on Exhibit 16, did you make any attempt to evaluate the magnitude of sales from Mallinckrodt to any of the particular distributors who -- whose customers, direct or indirect, are reflected on Exhibit 16?

Q. And whom do you recall being in that category?

Q. Okay. Do you remember if there was any particular analysis of KeySource?

Q. Okay. And how about Sunrise?

Q. Okay. You can set those aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. We have marked as Exhibit 17 a multipage e-mail thread beginning at MNK-T1 0000483766, and it's an e-mail exchange from June of 2010 concerning oxycodone sales in Florida. Take a moment to look at those and -- those e-mails. Let me know after you've reviewed them.

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. So turning to the earliest in time in the thread, from Ms. Muhlenkamp on June 18th, e-mail from her to a number of people and copying you, she talks about Harvard Drug's license being suspended. She then goes on to mention that Sunrise wholesaler's DEA license was suspended. And then she says, "The two wholesaler distributor license suspensions led us to do a more in-depth analysis of Covidien's oxycodone sales in the state of Florida. We specifically focused on doctors' offices and pain clinics." And is that the initiative that we discussed this morning

Q. -- where she queried the chargeback database?

Q. Okay. She says, "It appears 14 :13:59 that Harvard and Sunrise were the dominant 14 :14:04 players in this market, with over 50 percent 14 :14:06 of their total sales coming from this market. 14 :14:08 HD Smith, KeySource and McKesson Onestop are 14 :14:11 next, with only 3 percent to their total 14 :14:15 sales coming from doctors' offices and pain 14 :14:17 clinics." 14 :14:19 She goes on to say, "Karen 14 :14:20 Harper and team, parens, internal Covidien 14 :14:22 investigators, paren, will be working closely 14 :14:27 with the DEA regarding their investigation of 14 :14:28 the distribution of oxycodone in Florida, and 14 :14:32 we will keep you apprised of further 14 :14:34 happenings, period." 14 :14:37 You then -- you responded to 14 :14:41 that e-mail by saying, "It was excellent. 14 :14:44 You may want to send this to Karen Harper, 14 :14:46 too." 14 :14:48 Correct? 14 :14:49

Q. And so before Ms. Muhlenkamp 14 :14:50 sent her e-mail, her June 18th e-mail, had 14 :14:58 she discussed with you the results of the 14 :15:00 investigatory work she had done?

Q. Okay. And she sent her e-mail -- I just would like to understand who the folks are that she sent it to. Who was Dave Irwin?

Q. Okay. As was Mr. Becker, correct?

Q. And how about Tim Berry?

Q. And Bonnie New?

Q. As was Mr. Borelli and Dan Sanders?

Q. Also a national account manager?

Q. And Rich McKendrick?

Q. And Alex McGregor?

Q. Okay. And on the cc line, who was Robert Lesnak?

Q. And so when you and Ms. Muhlenkamp discussed the results of her work before she sent the e-mail out, did you instruct her who to forward the information to?

Q. Okay. And what was the reason for providing this information to the national account managers?

Q. Okay. And so the analysis that 14 :16:49 Ms. Muhlenkamp did here regarding doctors' 14 :16:52 offices and pain clinics, that's a separate 14 :16:56 analysis from the multi-distributor analysis 14 :16:58 we looked at a few minutes ago, correct? 14 :17:01

Q. And you then suggested to 14 :17:11 Ms. Muhlenkamp that she send her e-mail to 14 :17:14 Karen Harper. 14 :17:16 What was your reason for that? 14 :17:16

Q. So at this time you had been at 14 :17:33 Mallinckrodt about nine or ten -- about 10 or 14 :17:34 11 months, correct? 14 :17:37

Q. Had you -- as of the time of 14 :17:39 Ms. Muhlenkamp's e-mail, had you dealt with 14 :17:42 Ms. Harper at all? 14 :17:45

Q. In what context? 14 :17:47

Q. Okay. Where can you remember 14 :18:10 going for site visits? 14 :18:11

Q. Are those in Cincinnati? 14 :18:18

Q. Okay. And about when did those 14 :18:22 site visits occur, if you can recall? 14 :18:26

Q. Okay. 14 :18:33

Q. And what was your reason for 14 :18:34 making those site visits? 14 :18:35

Q. Did you ever express to anyone 14 :18:45 at Mallinckrodt at this time period, early in 14 :18:53 your tenure, any sentiments that would 14 :18:59 indicate a skepticism of the distributors in 14 :19:02 any regard? 14 :19:06

Q. Okay. And when you say "selling on price and shouting out deals," what -- in what sort of setting do you mean that?

Q. Huh. And in your experience, that was not something you were familiar with in the industry?

Q. On the second page of the exhibit, there's an e-mail from Ms. Muhlenkamp to Karen Harper, copying you, saying, "We communicated the bullet to our sales team. We tried to word it carefully as to not overstep any actions you are taking." Do you know what actions Ms. Harper may have been taking that Ms. Muhlenkamp was being careful not to overstep?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. 14 :21:46 14 :22:12 QUESTIONS BY

Q. Exhibit 18 is a single-page 14 :22:19 document, MNK-T1 0000496062, suspicious order 14 :22:21 monitoring team charter, updated April 7th of 14 :22:28 2011. 14 :22:33 Take a look at that, if you 14 :22:33 would, and let me know if you recognize that 14 :22:35 document. 14 :22:36

Q. Okay. You're shown as a member 14 :22:57 of the SOM steering committee, correct? 14 :23:03

Q. And were you a member of that 14 :23:05 committee throughout your tenure at 14 :23:07 Mallinckrodt? 14 :23:09

Q. Okay. And this indicates that committee met once per quarter. Is that consistent with your recollection?

Q. Okay. Do you remember the topics that would be discussed at those meetings?

Q. Okay. Do you recall approximately when that meeting occurred?

Q. Okay. Do you recall approximately how long a steering committee meeting would typically last?

Q. Were there materials provided before the meeting for use at the meeting?

Q. Do you recall if minutes were maintained of the meetings of the committee?

Q. Apart from the discussion about chargeback data, any other particular recollection of anything discussed at any of the steering committee meetings?

Q. Okay. And do you recall approximately when that occurred?

Q. Okay. And was there a discussion you can recall occurring around that presentation?

Q. Do you recall any subsequent meetings where there was any update or follow-up on that presentation to monitor how the situation was developing over time?

Q. Okay. Do you recall any discussions of any proposed enhancements to the suspicious order monitoring program that Mallinckrodt had in place?

Q. Okay. Do you remember anything about the algorithms that had been used previously?

Q. Okay. Anything -- any description of the reasons for changing from the prior algorithms to the subsequent algorithms?

Q. And do you know who had ultimate responsibility for implementing the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Okay. Down toward the bottom of this page there are some subcommittees 14 :27:20 listed. 14 :27:23 Were you a member of the 14 :27:24 director order monitoring subcommittee? 14 :27:25

Q. Yeah. 14 :27:36 How about the 14 :27:37

Q. I suspect so. 14 :27:41

Q. Uh-huh. 14 :27:50

Q. Do you recall participating in 14 :27:54 any meetings of any of these subcommittees? 14 :27:56

Q. Okay. And do you remember 14 :28:02 which of the subcommittees it would have been 14 :28:05 that you would have participated in? 14 :28:07

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. 14 :28:17

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 19 a 14 :28:45 single-page e-mail thread, Bates 14 :28:47 MNK-T1 0000262709. It appears to be an 14 :28:51 e-mail exchange between you and Karen Harper. 14 :28:58 Take a look at it, if you 14 :29:01 would, please, and let me know if you 14 :29:02 recognize it. 14 :29:04

Q. Do you recognize these e-mails? 14 :29:31

Q. Okay. So the initial e-mail 14 :29:34 from Ms. Harper on August 7th, subject, 14 :29:38 Friday suspicious order monitoring meeting, 14 :29:42 says to you that she "shared your frustration 14 :29:46 during Friday's meeting. We realize the 14 :29:49 group could have been much more focused by making sure only the right people were brought to the table and having a published agenda that we adhered to." Do you remember the meeting that Ms. Harper is referring to here?

Q. Okay. What do you recall of the issue?

Q. Okay. So this is in August of 2010, which I think the analysis of the Florida doctor and pain clinic orders was shortly before this, correct?

Q. And so at this meeting, is it your general recollection that there was -- that it was -- from your standpoint, the intention was to discuss potential information that could be brought to bear on the suspicious order monitoring process?

Q. Okay. And sounds like the discussion got somehow side-railed by folks who were there wanting to talk about the CARES initiative, correct?

Q. And explain to me again what the CARES initiative was?

Q. Okay. Do you recall in any of the suspicious order monitoring steering committee meetings that you attended any discussion of the extent to which Mallinckrodt should be monitoring -- or should be familiar with not only its customer, but it's customers' customers?

Q. Did you hear it in the context of any of the SOM steering committee meetings?

Q. Okay. Do you recall in the, again, the SOM steering committee context, any discussion of ways to obtain information regarding Mallinckrodt's customers' customers?

Q. Okay. And what sort of information was discussed?

Q. Okay. Anything apart from the chargeback data?

Q. Okay. All right. Back on Exhibit 19, your response to Ms. Harper, in your first paragraph you say, "I truly hoped Carol could have brought more positive feedback and seen the big picture." Do you know who Carol is that you're referring to in that sentence?

Q. Okay. The next sentence you say, "I also think Sherice is making this too encompassing." Do you know who Sherice is?

Q. Okay. And you went on to say, "If we go with her scope, we will monitor hundreds of thousands of transactions and get nowhere." Do you recall what her scope was that you're referring to there? 14 :34:39

Q. She was thinking across the 14 :34:54 industry in terms of order monitoring? 14 :35:00

Q. Okay. 14 :35:01

Q. Okay. The next paragraph you 14 :35:08 say, "Jeremy is your best bet." 14 :35:11 Who is Jeremy that you're 14 :35:14 referring to there? 14 :35:16

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. We have marked as Exhibit 20 a multipage document beginning at Bates MNK-11 0000496098. It appears to be a 2011 presentation concerning the suspicious order monitoring program. If you could take a look at that and tell me if you're familiar with that document. Do you recognize that document?

Q. And is it a presentation that was made to the marketing group in 2011?

Q. Do you recall the presentation?

Q. Okay. Great. So on the -- on slide 5, there's a reference here to the suspicious order monitoring subcommittee -- I'm sorry, suspicious order monitoring steering committee that convenes once per month. I think in the prior document we just looked at indicated it was a quarterly meeting. Do you recall that committee meeting monthly?

Q. I see. Okay. You were not a member of the steering committee; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And on page -- I'm sorry, slide number -- slide number 13, there's a description of the pre-June of 2010 SOM program. Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall becoming familiar at this time with what the SOM program consisted of prior to June of 2010?

Q. Okay. And you see in the one, two, three, four, five, sixth bullet there's -- I'm sorry, the fifth bullet, "Customer accounts or orders that appear, quote, peculiar, close quote, based on customer checklist results, credit check, CSR interaction or order entry system flags are reviewed by customer service -- customer service manager." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And do you recall learning at this time that that was part of the SOM program?

Q. Okay. Two pages after that, on slide 15 there's a slide concerning the DEA St. Louis conversation, July 20th of 2010. Do you recall learning of this St. Louis conversation at this presentation?

Q. And the third entry on that slide, "Mallinckrodt is viewed as the kingpin within the drug cartel." Do you recall hearing that at the time of this presentation?

Q. Did that surprise you?

Q. If you look on slide 17, is that a still from the video that you were recalling seeing, the one outside the pain clinic?

Q. Okay. And if you turn to slide 20, SOM distributor audit next steps, the first entry is "ongoing review of chargeback data to select other distributors to be audited." Do you see that?

Q. So this is March of 2011. You testified a little earlier recalling a meeting where there was discussion about use of chargeback data as part of the SOM program. Do you know if that was -- if that discussion was in the context of selection of distributors to be audited, or was it for some other part of the SOM program?

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 21 a letter dated November 10, 2010, beginning at Bates MNK-Tl 0000484110, and it appears to be

Q. Do you recall -- are you familiar with this letter?

Q. Okay. And do you recall receiving a copy of it back in November of 2010?

Q. Now, in this letter, Ms. Harper transmits various information regarding KeySource orders into the state of Florida. Was the source of the information for Ms. Harper's letter, at least in part, the multi-distributor analysis we looked at earlier today?

Q. And in this letter, Ms. Harper requested various information from KeySource. Do you have any knowledge as to what KeySource's response to this letter was?

Q. Okay. Did you or anyone on your team, to your knowledge, conduct any subsequent analysis or inquiry with respect to ongoing orders from KeySource?

Q. Do you know if the information contained in this letter was ever provided to the DEA?

Q. Okay. All right. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 22 a series of letters, Bates MNK-Tl 0000484145 through 156, from November 12th of 2010. You're indicated as a bcc on the first letter, and I don't know if you were bcc'ed on the balance of the letters in that package. But if you could take a look at those letters and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Do you recall receiving copies of these letters back in November of 2010?

Q. Okay. And again, each of these letters contains information regarding Florida purchasers who were purchasing from multiple distributors. Do you understand that information to be based on the multi-distributor information we looked at a little earlier today?

Q. And that analysis of multiple distributors that you and Ms. Muhlenkamp did, what triggered performing that analysis?

Q. I see.

Q. Okay. So it may have grown out of the original inquiry in terms of MD and pain clinic purchasers in Florida?

Q. Okay. And do you know if the information contained in the letters included in Exhibit 22 was ever provided to the DEA?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 23 a single-page e-mail thread, Bates MNK-Tl 0000558202. Take a moment and look at those e-mails, if you would, and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. And the earlier e-mail in the thread is from a Debbie Digby. Who is that?

Q. Okay. And her e-mail went to Ms. Harper, to Susan Moore. Who was Susan Moore?

Q. How about Pat Duft?

Q. Okay. And how about Carol Svejkosky?

Q. Okay. And Ms. Digby indicates, here are -- "attached are the March monthly SOM reports." And there are three reports

Q. Okay. Do you know what the state concentration report, what information was contained on that?

Q. Okay. And the report by distributor compared to all products distributed, do you recall what information was contained in that report?

Q. Okay. And so in terms of your personal involvement with the SOM process, did you review these reports when you received them?

Q. Okay. Do you recall ever taking any action based on any information that was contained in any of those reports?

Q. Okay. Do you ever recall calling to anyone else's attention at Mallinckrodt any information that was contained in any of those reports?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Exhibit 24 is a two-page e-mail thread starting at MNK-Tl 0005905204. Take a look at those e-mails, if you would, and tell me if you recall them.

Q. Do you recall these e-mails from 2013?

Q. Okay. On the bottom of the first page, Mr. Longenecker's e-mail says, "I just met with Karen and Jennifer. Prior to removing the current allocation model, they're going to take some time to review the algorithms for the SOM." Do you recall what the -- what the interplay was between the SOM algorithms and the allocation model?

Q. Okay. And so Mr. Longenecker goes on to say, "This should take about two weeks. They would like us to delay sending a letter until they have completed this." Do you know why the letter on the allocation model or the allocation -- yeah, the allocation model would be delayed waiting for the SOM algorithms?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Exhibit 25 is a multipage e-mail thread beginning at MNK-T1 0004951225. Take a look at those and tell me if you recognize these e-mails. The only one I have a question for you on is the very last one, the e-mail from you to Jane Williams on October 23rd.

Q. Have you been through the document?

Q. Okay.

Q. Here's the one question.

Q. Yeah. Here's the one question I had on that October 23 e-mail. You make reference to "the DEA views these programs as driving the wrong type of behavior." And my question for you is: What programs are you referring to, and what type of behavior did you understand the DEA viewing them as driving?

Q. Okay. All right. You can put that aside.

Q. Exhibit 26 is a multipage document beginning with MNK-Tl 0000384634. It's a printout of a spreadsheet. If you can take a look at that document and tell me if you're familiar with it.

Q. What is it?

Q. Okay. And is this a list the marketing department maintained from time to time?

Q. Okay. And we talked a little earlier today about conventions, and you indicated that I think many of the conventions are sort of industry-wide that Mallinckrodt would attend or participate in regularly. Are those the types of conventions that are listed on this exhibit?

Q. If you turn to the page that -- where the Bates number ends in 638 in the lower right-hand corner. In column F on that page, there are references to things like briefcase, 10 by 30, et cetera. Can you tell me what that column is describing?

Q. The displays that would be used at the convention?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Exhibit 27 is a one-page document produced in native format, MNK-T1 00006714382, and appears to be certain advertising expenditures. Can you tell me what the information on this document is?

Q. Okay. And this is for the years 2011 through 2015?

Q. Okay. In terms of budgeting for advertising expenses of these types, was this something that fell within your responsibility?

Q. Okay. And how did you go about making the determination of what sorts of journals or other publications were appropriate ones to be spending money on advertising in?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Exhibit 28 is a multipage e-mail thread beginning with MNK-T1 0005964786. Take a look at those — e-mails, if you would, and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. And if you turn to the second page, your e-mail at the bottom of that page dated September 29th, it appears that you were making adjustments to VIP tiers to remove oxy 30 milligrams; is that correct?

Q. And what was the reason for that?

Q. When you say "fell off," what do you mean?

Q. Okay. In the second paragraph of your e-mail you say, "Sounds as if we didn't have pushback from Steve's perspective." Who is Steve in that sentence?

Q. Okay. On the first page there's an October 6th e-mail from Jane Williams to you talking about a January target date for removal of oxy 15 and 30 from all volume incentive programs. And then in the second paragraph she says, "It's also my recommendation that we consider a change in strategy for customers requesting trade show buys on our products by providing a trade show allowance equal to what we might normally offer in discounted product costs or possibly an educational giveaway to be determined in order to keep this consistently managed." And then you respond, "This is the direction we discussed. I would like to stop paying the trade show rebates and fees for our products when the contracts come due." Are the trade show rebates related to the -- to the oxy 15 and oxy 30 sales, or is that a separate issue?

Q. Okay. And that would -- were those rebates being suspended with respect to oxy 15 and 30 sales?

Q. Okay. Did that happen?

Q. Okay. And what was the reason for that?

Q. Okay. And then in the top e-mail on the first page from Lisa Cardetti, she says, "Originally we were going to exclude all oxycodone. Just wanted to verify that we will only be excluding 15 and 30." Now, do you understand her there to be talking about excluding from the VIP program?

Q. Okay. And which was it? Was it excluding all oxycodone or just 15 and 30; do you know?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Exhibit 29 is a two-page document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0001553297. It appears to be a mailer concerning a CME presentation. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Do you recall having any familiarity with any CME presentations concerning opioid rotation?

Q. On this topic?

Q. Okay. Do you know what opioid rotation means in the context of this mailer?

Q. Okay. And down toward the bottom of the mailer it says, "This activity is funded through an educational grant from Mallinckrodt/Covidien." Do you see that?

Q. And educational grants of that type, is that something that was handled by the marketing department?

Q. Okay. So whatever educational grant underlay this presentation would have been something that someone else handled?

Q. Okay. All right. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 30 a single-page document, MNK-T1 0004673096, and as Exhibit 31, a single-page document bearing the next succeeding Bates number. Could you take a look at those materials and tell me if you recognize them?

Q. The attachment?

Q. Okay. So in Exhibit 30, Mr. Vorderstrasse sends you an e-mail saying that "working on ideas for McKesson, who was looking for information to show that we were accepted in the market and to give them ideas of selling techniques that have proven successful." And then Exhibit 31 appears to be the attachment to the e-mail; is that right?

Q. And so Exhibit 31 has some information about Mallinckrodt historical market share and then "available sales materials, parens, we will likely need PARC, P-A-R-C, approval to send examples." What is PARC in this setting?

Q. Okay. And that was a Mallinckrodt committee?

Q. Were you on the committee?

Q. Okay.

Q. Who was on the committee; do you know?

Q. Do you remember what his

Q. Do you remember what his position was?

Q. Okay. Do you remember what division in Mallinckrodt he worked in?

Q. Okay. So there are available sales material -- materials that are listed on the attachment, a sell sheet and a tri-fold sell sheet with "think Mallinckrodt" focus. Do you know what those materials are?

Q. Okay. Okay. All right. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Exhibit 32 is a two-page e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000925331. Please take a look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. On the first page, the bottom half, e-mail from you to Leah LaRue and others. First of all, who was Leah LaRue?

Q. And how about Dan Brague?

Q. Okay. Chris Wagner?

Q. Okay. In your e-mail you say, "For generics we need more educational and communication materials for pharmacies, including how to identify a patient that may be at risk, how to handle a patient that comes in too soon for a refill," and then you have several other bullet items under that. How did you develop that list of information that you felt needed more education and communication materials for?

Q. Okay. At the end of your e-mail you say, "I am sure I will think of more once I dig into the SOM program more." So this is in -- you send the e-mail in February 2013. Do you recall what digging into the SOM program you were doing at this time?

Q. Do you recall if you did come up with additional proposed items for education for pharmacies?

Q. Okay. Do you recall if -- do you recall participating in preparing any educational and communication materials of the type you describe in your e-mail?

Q. Okay. The last bullet item in your e-mail you say, "There was a poster we handed out at showing the most widely abused drugs. It would be good to have that again." Do you recall that poster?

Q. And in what context do you remember seeing it?

Q. Okay. And do you recall if you were ever able to locate that poster again?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Exhibit 33 is a multipage e-mail thread beginning MNK-T1 0000660532. Take a look at those, and tell me if you recognize those e-mails. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. And your e-mail on the bottom part of the first page lists a series of grants that had been funded the prior year, correct?

Q. And the funding of these grants, is that -- who was responsible for making the decision to fund grants of this type?

Q. And Mr. Gunning?

Q. Okay.

Q. Oh, I see. Okay. Did you have input into -- or did you make recommendations as to grant -- you personally make recommendations as to which grants you thought were worthwhile?

Q. And what criteria did you employ in making that determination?

Q. And what sorts of -- when you say "relationship to Mallinckrodt," what do you mean by that?

Q. Okay. Are there any other of these organizations in particular that you can recall recommending Mallinckrodt make the grant?

Q. And in terms of the two pharmacists associations that you mentioned, what was the reason for recommending those grants?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. I'll apologize in advance for the small type on this document.

Q. Exhibit 34 is a multipage well, actually it's a document that was produced in native at MNK-T1 0000661003, and it appears to be a list of grants. And perhaps I can just ask you

Q. Okay. Do you know if the grants and contributions that are contained in this document were grants and contributions that Mallinckrodt made, or is it some other compilation of grants and contributions?

Q. Okay. Okay. So in terms of grants that the marketing department made a determination on, those would be reflected on the -- the prior exhibit we just looked at?

Q. Okay. All right. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Exhibit 35 is a two-page e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000558153. Please take a look at that and let me know if you recognize those e-mails.

Q. Okay. The bottom e-mail on the first page from Debbie Digby is another e-mail transmitting monthly SOM reports similar to a document we looked at a little earlier this afternoon. You recall?

Q. And then the top e-mail is an e-mail from you to, well, a number of folks, but in the body of the e-mail you say "Karen." I assume that means Karen Harper?

Q. Okay. And you indicate that you took highest volume pharmacies ran by distributor, et cetera, and compiled the data that's in the table on the e-mail, correct?

Q. And what was your reason for doing that?

Q. And why did you think that would be something that she should be informed of?

Q. And monitoring it for what purpose?

Q. And high concentration meaning what in this setting?

Q. And do you recall if you performed this analysis on other occasions, or was this a one-time thing that you did?

Q. Do you know if you had any particular reason for performing that analysis in March of 2011?

Q. Okay. You can put that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Exhibit 36 is a multipage document beginning at MNK-T1 0000609142. It appears to be NACDS meeting notes from April of 2013. Are you familiar with what the NACDS meetings were?

Q. And what were they?

Q. Okay. And did you participate in those meetings?

Q. Okay. Did you prepare these notes?

Q. Do you know who did?

Q. Okay. Did you have any input into what she put into the notes?

Q. Were these meetings held regularly?

Q. And did you participate each year?

Q. Good afternoon, Ms. Collier. My name is Tricia Herzfeld. I'm an attorney representing the plaintiffs in the Tennessee state court litigation. How are you doing this afternoon?

Q. Good. Are you familiar at all with the Tennessee litigation?

Q. Okay.

Q. Ms. Collier, have you ever been to the state of Tennessee?

Q. And for business or pleasure?

Q. Okay. When for business?

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. Okay. And when was the conference in Nashville?

Q. Okay. Do you know who you were working for when you attended the conference?

Q. Okay. And when you said "in Memphis," was that for your time with McKesson?

Q. Oh, calling on McKesson.

Q. Okay.

Q. And who were you employed by when you were calling on McKesson?

Q. Okay. In your capacity as an employee of Mallinckrodt, did you ever visit Tennessee?

Q. Okay. And when was that?

Q. Okay. And what were you doing in Tennessee?

Q. Okay. So you visited the McKesson warehouse in Memphis during your job at Baxter as well as your job at Mallinckrodt; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Any other times that you visited Tennessee in your capacity as an employee of Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And you've gone personally for vacation or something?

Q. Okay. And which cities did you visit?

Q. Oh, okay. Did you get to go to the Civil Rights Museum?

Q. Graceland?

Q. Did you like it?

Q. Okay. It's a little different than people think. Okay. And does that pretty much close out your visits to Tennessee, just Memphis and Nashville?

Q. Okay. Have you ever been to the Appalachian region of Tennessee?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. You've heard of the Smoky Mountains?

Q. Okay. Do you know there's an area of Tennessee that's like up northeast of the Smoky Mountains? It's almost in Kentucky, West Virginia?

Q. Okay. Do you know where you were going?

Q. Okay. Okay. I'm going to go through just a couple of e-mails with you quickly, hopefully. I don't think they've been previously added as exhibits, so if they have, if somebody will stop me and hopefully we won't repeat it. If we could mark this one as Exhibit are we on 29? COURT REPORTER: 36.

Q. Okay. If you'd take a moment and look at this e-mail, please.

Q. Ma'am, you've had an opportunity to review it?

Q. That's okay. Okay. Are you finished reviewing it?

Q. Okay. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Okay. Does it appear to be an e-mail that was sent to you and Kate Neely from Karen Harper?

Q. Okay. And then it looks like a response on the top?

Q. Okay. Great. And so looking at this e-mail, Kate Neely asks about the audits of distributors, stating, "Have we ever asked them to provide written protocol for how they vet the customers that they sell to?" Do you see where I'm at?

Q. And did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And then, "Can we start making it a requirement that they provide us with written standard operating practices as to how they confirm that an account is okay?" Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And then Karen Harper responds, "The question whether our customers monitor their customers was removed from the questionnaire by the Mallinckrodt suspicious order monitoring team because there is no {sic} actual regulatory obligation to monitor customers' customers." Do you see where I'm at?

Q. Okay. Was that your understanding of the DEA requirements?

Q. Okay. And were you part of the decision to take that off the questionnaire?

Q. Okay. And were you part of the decision to not require distributors to provide their written policies?

Q. Okay. That was my only questions on that document. Thank you, ma'am.

Q. Okay. You've had an opportunity to read it?

Q. Okay. And what does this e-mail appear to be to you?

Q. Okay. And it's an e-mail from you to Michael Gunning; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And it's dated 4/18/2011?

Q. Okay. And do you have any reason to think you didn't receive this e-mail?

Q. Okay. And so who is Michael Gunning?

Q. Okay. And do you have any specific memory of him requesting this information from you?

Q. Okay. And do you know why he requested it from you?

Q. Okay. Might it have been something that you just came up with to send?

Q. And from the testimony that we've received a little bit earlier, it looks like sometimes you acted proactively and crunched numbers in a way and would pass that on to someone; is that correct?

Q. Okay. So looking at this e-mail, it says, "Based on the report we get for suspicious order monitoring, below are the averages -- are the average pharmacy dispensing units for the 15-milligram and 30-milligram combined." Do you see where it says that?

Q. Okay. And then kind of moving forward, it says, "By any standard it appears 5,000 tablets is too low." What did you mean by that?

Q. Okay. So I'm going to back up

Q. Okay. And so does that stand for tablets or bottles, or what is a dispensing unit?

Q. Okay. And so when you're looking here, this looks like it is for, what is it, a month? For a year? Do you know what the time period is?

Q. Okay. And so looking at this, it looks like it's oxy 15 and oxy 30, according to your e-mail here; is that right?

Q. Okay. And it's for pharmacies purchasing from two or more distributors; is that right?

Q. Okay. And it says, "I will ask if they can expand the report to include all oxy sales." What other oxy sales would be included that are not included here?

Q. Okay. Is that what you're referring to that's excluded?

Q. Okay. "And so by any standard it appears that 5,000 tablets is too low." So do you know what the goal was of this chart?

Q. Okay. And you said before I think you said something about setting standards. What did you mean by that?

Q. Okay. And when you say "benchmark," I guess I'm trying to figure out

Q. Target sales?

Q. Okay. And Michael Gunning, what did you typically communicate with him about? Was it suspicious order monitoring or sales?

Q. Forecast and employee issues. Okay. So when you say "forecast," that would be sales; is that right?

Q. Okay. So if you were sending something to Michael Gunning in your position, and typically you dealt with him about sales, it's likely that this chart here would have to do with sales; is that right?

Q. That's a reach. Okay. Do you have any specific knowledge of communicating with him about suspicious order monitoring target numbers?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. So based on that, you think this is based on suspicious order monitoring levels?

Q. Okay. But if you had to guess, do you think that's what it is?

Q. Okay. Very good. Looking at this, it says on state average, right? California average, Florida average, Georgia average; is that right?

Q. Okay. And do you know if those are pharmacy-level oxy units per month?

Q. Okay. And it says, "Tennessee's average here is 14,100 tablets"; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And could you tell from that, from this chart, if Tennessee was considered high or low?

Q. Okay.

Q. And are those things that are important for you to determine if someone's oxy numbers are high or low, is population or what was the other thing you said?

Q. Medical needs?

Q. Okay. But is that some is that information you would like to know, the population of a particular area?

Q. Okay. It wouldn't help what?

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. Okay. And so you've just given two different examples of information that you don't know when assessing the number of oxy that are going to a particular area. Why did you choose those two?

Q. Okay. And where did you -- where did you develop that knowledge of things you should look for in oxy prescriptions going to a specific area?

Q. Okay. So you came up with that information on your own. You didn't have that in a discussion in like a suspicious order monitoring team meeting or anyplace else?

Q. Okay. Do you recall ever being in a suspicious order monitoring team meeting where factors relating to the volume of oxy prescriptions going to a particular area were discussed?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And what types of things were discussed in relation to Florida?

Q. Okay. Anything else that you recall?

Q. Okay. Do you recall ever being involved in a conversation with anyone during your time at Mallinckrodt where anyone mentioned that oxy from Florida were going to Tennessee?

Q. Okay. Could it have been Highway 75?

Q. And did you ever hear about a particular problem with oxy in West Virginia or Appalachia region?

Q. Okay. Do you remember where you saw that?

Q. Okay. And do you think that was during your time of employment at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And did you do anything in response to learning that information?

Q. Okay. Okay. Marking the next document here. I'm not sure this one --

Q. Did you do anything in response to that? Did watching that show or learning that information, did that make you take any steps in your personal or professional life?

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. Okay. So you thought it was important to clarify that point, so I just want to --

Q. I want to be clear, okay? So let's kind of back up, and I'll try to make sure I'm understanding you.

Q. So you said you'd seen a show that had talked about -- somewhere on coal mining, problems with OxyContin or oxycodone in a coal mining area, in a coal mining town. Am I right on that?

Q. Okay. Do you remember it being opioid abuse?

Q. Okay. And so based on that show that you saw at the time that you were employed at Mallinckrodt, did you take any steps in your job at Mallinckrodt to focus on coal mining areas?

Q. Okay. Did you talk to anybody at Mallinckrodt about that show you saw?

Q. Did you send any e-mails?

Q. Did you take any steps as part of your position in the suspicious order monitoring team to monitor coal mining areas for prescription abuse?

Q. Okay. My question is: Did you take any steps in your role as being even on the periphery of the suspicious order monitoring team to monitor coal mining areas for prescription abuse?

Q. Okay. What about in your personal life? Did you send anybody an e-mail about, "Hey, I saw this show"?

Q. Okay. Did you have any discussions with anybody about the show?

Q. Okay. Did you take any steps because you saw that show?

Q. Okay. So we're moving on to the next document here. This one may already be an exhibit. I'm not 100 percent positive, so I apologize if I'm doubling up.

Q. Do you recognize this document, ma'am?

Q. Okay. What does it appear to be?

Q. Okay. And this would have been for the core team, not for people on the periphery?

Q. Okay. You didn't attend this meeting?

Q. Okay. Very good. Moving on. Okay. And I think before, we talked about you were involved in the indirect customer review subteam; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And what did the indirect customer review subteam do?

Q. Okay. And you were providing that information to whom?

Q. And that would be the core folks on that team?

Q. Okay. So you were kind of the number crunchers explaining things to the team that was the core part of the suspicious order monitoring team?

Q. Okay. And do you know who else was a member of the indirect customer review subteam?

Q. Okay. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you two different documents, but I will submit to you that one is an e-mail and the other one is an attachment to the e-mail. Okay? Just so everybody knows what I'm doing here.

Q. Okay. If you'll take a look at the e-mail for me, please, ma'am, Exhibit 40. This appears to be an e-mail from Debbie Digby to Karen Harper, you and some other folks; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And the subject is "forward April indirect suspicious order monitoring reports." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And then the date it was sent was May 31, 2011; is that right?

Q. Okay. And on -- I think we already talked about who Debbie Digby was. Karen Harper has been discussed. Who is Suzanne Pea?

Q. Okay. Was there a specific department for chargebacks?

Q. Okay.

Q. And do you know who was part of that team?

Q. Okay. Do you recall anybody else who was a member of that team?

Q. Okay. And so here it looks like "all attached are the April monthly SOM reports." SOM there stands for suspicious order monitoring; is that right?

Q. And then it looks like there's customer service -- or I'm sorry. Number one is customer sourcing of greater than two distributors; two, state concentration report; and three, summary report by distributor compared to all products distributed, one for oxy and one for hydro APAP. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And if you'll turn with me then to the attachment, the one that ended Bates number 1679 on the top. Okay. Now looking at the top of this it says, "Customer sourcing oxy 15 and 30 from more than two distributors." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Right there. Yeah, and right here at the top, if you look right there.

Q. Oh, you're right. It does. That is correct. Did you create this document?

Q. Okay. And were you responsible for maintaining it?

Q. Okay. Did you use the information that was contained within this document to assist you with your -- to assist you with your job duties?

Q. Okay. And why did you receive this information?

Q. Okay. And why was it important for you to have general knowledge?

Q. Okay. And what do you mean, "information trail"?

Q. Okay. When you say "assistance on this level," what do you mean?

Q. Okay. Debbie was doing that?

Q. Okay. And what was Debbie's position?

Q. Okay. And so if you were forwarded these reports, would you read them and crunch the numbers?

Q. Okay. Do you know if someone was responsible for looking at these reports to make a determination if an order appeared suspicious?

Q. Okay. And so nobody ever told you the purpose as to why you received this report?

Q. Okay. And the information that I have says you're the custodian of this report. Do you know why it's in your custodian file?

Q. Okay. Do you know when Mallinckrodt began monitoring customers that sourced from more than one distributor?

Q. Okay. But that didn't occur before Sunrise Medical; is that correct?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. But you're familiar with how to read chargeback data; is that correct, ma'am?

Q. Okay. So if you'll switch with me to the -- I'm sorry, there's no page numbers here.

Q. 2352 is the very bottom. This one, actually, believe it or not, says page 1. Right here it says page 1. Yep, right there.

Q. Yep. Okay. Do you see where I'm at?

Q. Okay. So I will represent to you that we've sorted this database that we've received, this spreadsheet by Tennessee, so I would let you know that this has been sorted by Tennessee. Okay?

Q. So looking at this, I just want to go through and look at some of the numbers here for Tennessee to see if I can understand it. If you could go with me, please -- okay. So the first one on this spreadsheet appears to be Lowe's Drug in Maryville, Tennessee; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And it has a ZIP code there, and it says that it sold the apparent customer name Cardinal Health. Would that be the distributor?

Q. Okay. And then it says, "gross sales, 19,934.4." Do you know if that's meant to be dollars or units?

Q. That's dollars. Okay. And then it says, "DISP units" -- I'm guessing that's dispensing units -- "62,000." Do you know what the dispensing units are here?

Q. Tablets. Okay. And do you happen to know the population of Maryville, Tennessee?

Q. Okay. And then looking at the next one, Food City in Knoxville, Tennessee, DBS Trading, that's Masters Pharmaceuticals, and then gross sales there at 8,068 and then dispensing units 40,000; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And so I guess I want to make sure I really understand the chargeback data. Gross sales, is that how much money Mallinckrodt gets after the chargeback?

Q. Okay. Okay. So then if you'll go with me the third one that is labeled 225, Riggs Drugs in La Follette, Tennessee. Cardinal Health, $10,855.84, and 38,000 DISP units, dispensing units. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. Do you know what the population is of La Follette, Tennessee?

Q. Okay. And do you know if someone was responsible for looking at the population of these various locations?

Q. Okay. Was that anything that was ever discussed in a suspicious order monitoring team meeting when you were present?

Q. Okay. Did you ever hear of anybody talking about, "Hey, maybe we should be looking at different population numbers for where pills are going"?

Q. Okay. At any point in your time at Mallinckrodt were you trained to recognize various signs of diversion?

Q. Okay. And how can you tell if something is an unusually large order, according to your training?

Q. Okay. And that wasn't within the purview of your responsibility to look for those things?

Q. Okay. Okay. Did they -- were you taught while you were at Mallinckrodt of any other potential signs of diversion other than frequency, I think you said, and volume?

Q. Okay. And I guess I would have expected perhaps there would have been some discussion of signs of diversion at the suspicious order monitoring team meetings. Did that not occur?

Q. Okay. Do you recall anybody talking about potential signs of diversion being a percentage of cash sales?

Q. Okay. What about on a concentration of pharmacies in a particular area that are all high prescribing oxy pharmacies, did anybody ever discuss that?

Q. Okay. And when you say "we wouldn't have that information," who do you mean by "we"?

Q. The marketing team. Okay. But somebody else in Mallinckrodt may have that information?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Okay. Going back to our chart here. Okay. So I think the last one we talked about was the one in La Follette. That's Riggs. And then at 334 we have Ripptoe, Inc., in Morristown, Tennessee. And there it says, sold the apparent customer number AmerisourceBergen Health 11,144.4, dispensing units, 31,200. Do you see where I'm at?

Q. Okay. And so that would be gross sales, $10,855.84, and the units are 38,000; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And do you know what the population of Morristown, Tennessee, is?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Okay. We'll mark the next exhibit 42. This is Bates MNK-T1 0007251680. Okay. If you'll take a look at this document for me, please. Okay. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Okay. Do you think you've ever seen it before?

Q. Okay. Do you know if you were involved in creating it?

Q. Okay. Do you think perhaps you had input into the chart at all?

Q. Okay. And this chart is labeled "State concentration, oxy 15 and 30, April 2011"; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And so with this chart, would this show that Mallinckrodt was monitoring the percentage of each distributor shipments going to the various states; is that right?

Q. Okay. And so included within that question is, Mallinckrodt was monitoring the percentage of each distributor's shipments going to Tennessee, at least in April of 2011, according to this chart; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And how was this document used by the indirect customer review team, if at all?

Q. Okay. Do you know if Mallinckrodt was seeking to reduce the concentration of oxycodone in Florida?

Q. Okay. Do you know if Mallinckrodt was seeking to reduce the concentration of oxycodone in Tennessee?

Q. Okay. Other than Florida, do you recall any other states being a topic of discussion for the target of the reduction of oxycodone concentration by state?

Q. Okay. Okay. And in this chart, do you know if population was considered at all?

Q. You wouldn't know the population of a state?

Q. Okay. The next one is 43. For those on the phone, it's MNK-Tl 0007251681. The type is very small, so my apologies for that. Okay. And so is this the -- what I've handed you, is this the -- the similar type of chart, a state concentration chart?

Q. Okay. And so looking at this title here it says, "State concentration hydro APAP, April 2010 data." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And hydro APAP is what?

Q. Okay. And so hydro APAP, is that also hydrocodone?

Q. Okay. And so looking at this chart, is this a chart that you would have had input in creating or maintaining?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. But you were employed by Mallinckrodt in April of 2010; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And if you'll take a look with me here, do you know if this chart is created using chargeback data?

Q. Okay.

Q. And so looking at this chart here, if you go down with me to the line for Tennessee, which is 51?

Q. Okay. And then you see the various percentages. I know it's kind of hard to line up. What are the -- do you know what the percentages are indicating?

Q. Okay. But the percentages are indicating something regarding each one of these distributors; is that correct?

Q. It's broken out by distributor; is that right?

Q. Okay. And so you have it broken down by state and you have it broken down by distributor in dealing with hydro APAP in April of 2010; is that correct?

Q. And it says based on units; is that right?

Q. Okay. And so if you look with me at Tennessee, I want you to go over to McKesson. If you look at Tennessee and McKesson in this itty-bitty little line, it says 10.7 percent. Do you see where I'm at?

Q. Okay. You see McKesson.

Q. Do you see it?

Q. Okay. Do you know what that 10.7 represents for McKesson?

Q. Okay. So 10.7. Do you know what that is in relation to McKesson, what that 10.7 represents?

Q. Okay. Could it be that that's 10.7 percent of McKesson's hydrocodone APAP of April 2010 going to the state of Tennessee?

Q. Okay. But I would like to have your guess because I think it's probably more educated than mine in this matter. I've never seen these charts before. So can you guess what you think that these -- I'm just trying to understand what it is.

Q. Great.

Q. I might be able to shortcut it for you a little bit. If you look all the way at the bottom, it has a grand total. And it looks like the bottom of every one is totaled up to 100 percent. Do you see?

Q. So if you look at McKesson and you look at Tennessee, and if you add all those up, it gets to a hundred percent. So I'm looking at this and saying, is it that McKesson is 10.7 percent of their sales of hydro APAP in April 2010 were in Tennessee based on this chart?

Q. Okay. Thank you.

Q. Do you know anything specifically or -- I'm going to back up Strike that. Do you know anything about the sales of Mallinckrodt products to the VA?

Q. Okay. Were you ever involved in the sales of Mallinckrodt products to the VA?

Q. Okay. And when I say "VA," I mean Veterans Administration. Do you understand that?

Q. Do you know who would have been the person in charge of selling Mallinckrodt products to the VA?

Q. Okay. And do you know if Rich McKendrick is still employed by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Do you know where he -- if he is employed now?

Q. Okay. Do you know if he retired?

Q. Okay. Are you in touch with Mr. McKendrick?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Very good. Okay. If you give me just one second, I think I'm almost finished. Were you involved at all in creating a list of the 150 top pharmacies for Mallinckrodt?

Q. So the title of this document is "Top 150 pharmacies, oxy 30-milligram only, 2009 to 2011 data combined." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And did you create this document?

Q. Okay. Did you have any input in this document?

Q. Okay. This document is in your custodian file. Have you seen this document before?

Q. Okay. Well, you're listed as a custodian for it, so do you know who would have been the person who created this document?

Q. Okay. Do you know if there was routinely a list of top 150 pharmacies that was kept?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. But you've potentially seen this e-mail before -- or this list before?

Q. Okay. Do you know what this was used for in your capacity at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Are you disputing that you've ever received this document?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Okay. Exhibit 45. QUESTIONS BY MS. HERZFELD

Q. Okay. If you'll look at the first page, do you recognize this document?

Q. Okay. And is it dated August 30, 2011?

Q. Okay. And in the e-mail it says, "Ginger, as requested, I've looked at past six months compared to the prior six months of oxy sales by state." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Do you recall asking Lisa to do this project?

Q. Okay. But she's clearly responding to something, right?

Q. And so looking at that, it looks like -- if you look at the charts that are attached here, the next couple, there are various charts that are broken down by state; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And it has to do with prior six months and the past six months and the percentage of change for oxy sales; is that right?

Q. Okay. And so at least as of the date of this e-mail, during this time, Mallinckrodt was looking at the percentage change of oxy sales state by state; is that right?

Q. Okay. I don't think I understand your answer. I'll back up.

Q. Sure. Okay. So looking at this, it's oxy -- it says attachments are sales by state, August 30, 2011; is that right?

Q. Okay. And then, "Ginger, as requested, I've looked at the past six months compared to the prior six months of oxy sales by state." Did I state that correctly?

Q. Okay. And so looking at these charts, it was looking at oxy sales by state; is that right?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And the charts seem to measure prior six months, past six months, and then column F says percentage change. I'm on the page ahead of you. This one right here.

Q. And so my question is actually pretty simple. So as of the date this e-mail was sent, August 30, 2011, Mallinckrodt monitored oxy sales by state?

Q. Okay. So then I will back up. I will rephrase my question

Q. So as of August 2011 when these charts were sent to you from Lisa, Mallinckrodt had the capability of monitoring oxy sales by state?

Q. Do you understand what "capability" means, ma'am?

Q. Okay. And do you understand what "monitoring" means?

Q. Okay. But my question wasn't "were you." That was my question before. You said you only knew you were monitoring some, right? So my question now is: Did you have -- did Mallinckrodt have the capability -- which we've determined you understand what capability means. Did Mallinckrodt have the capability of monitoring -- let's use a different word -- tracking sales of oxy by state?

Q. I'm going to ask it in smaller parts so we don't get a compound objection. Okay? Looking at this chart, Mallinckrodt, here, according to this chart, was monitoring sales -- I won't say monitoring -- tracking sales by state; is that correct?

Q. As of the date that this e-mail was sent to you, August 30, 2011, Mallinckrodt was capable of tracking oxy sales by state; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Do you not understand what I mean when I say "tracking"?

Q. Okay. So you don't understand the term "monitoring" because it can mean a lot of things, and tracking seems like it means a lot of things. So I just want to know: According to this chart, there's 50 states on this chart, correct?

Q. And also the Virgin Islands, it appears, and Puerto Rico, right?

Q. So looking at this, the data is broken down by state; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And the percentage change of oxy sales is broken down per state; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And this information could have been pulled every month if Mallinckrodt wanted to pull it as of August 2011; is that correct?

Q. Ms. Collier, just a few follow-up questions. If you could look back at Exhibit 45, the document you were just looking at with Ms. Herzfeld.

Q. The e-mail. My question -- the final sentence of the first paragraph says, "The other states that are increasing are highlighted, Ohio, California and New York, which are the same states that SOM highlighted." Do you know what Ms. Cardetti meant when she said those were the same states that SOM highlighted?

Q. Okay. Was Ms. Cardetti part of the SOM committee or any subcommittee?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And you've testified about an indirect purchaser subcommittee of the SOM committee. Who else was on that subcommittee; can you recall?

Q. You don't remember anyone at all?

Q. Okay. Do you recall there being a time when the SOM function was moved to a group known as CDIG?

Q. Okay. So you're not familiar with CDIG as a function at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Okay. I just have a couple more questions for you on some documents. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Exhibit 46 is a multipage e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000368477, and it's a several-page document. My only question for you concerns your e-mail to Ms. Lundergan on February 9th, the very top e-mail on the second page.

Q. In your e-mail -- well, first, the e-mail thread concerns resuming shipments to KeySource, correct?

Q. And this is in February of 2011. On February 8th, Ms. Lundergan asks you if you agree with the resumption, and you say, "Yes, Karen Harper said we can ship all of our approved distributors because they performed the audits, and the distributors complied with our requests. We are cutting off the suspicious pharmacies." What did you mean by that when you said, "we are cutting off the suspicious pharmacies"?

Q. Okay. And when you said "they performed the audits and the distributors complied with our requests," who is the "they" you're referring to in that sentence?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can put that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Exhibit 48 {sic} is a multipage document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000273249, and it appears to be a spreadsheet that compiles information concerning oxy 15 and 30 gross sales in January 2011 time frame. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Okay. Is it a document that you had involvement in preparing?

Q. Okay. Or anyone on your team?

Q. Okay. Do you know the purpose of compiling this data back in early 2011?

Q. Okay. And the column A on the first page, sold via parent/customer name, what does that phrase mean, "parent/customer name," in this context?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Okay. So to correct, the prior document was Exhibit 47. This is Exhibit 48, which was a document produced native under Bates MNK-11 0000557439. 17: 06:03 If you can take -- this appears 17: 06:10 to be an October 2010 compilation of 17: 06:11 information regarding oxy 15 and 30 sales? 17: 06:14 Do you recognize this document? 17: 06:19

Q. Okay. And again, similar to 17: 06:24 the Exhibit 47 we just looked at, is this 17: 06:26 data that you or someone on your team 17: 06:30 participated in compiling? 17: 06:33

Q. Okay. And again, any insight 17: 06:36 into the reason for the compilation of this 17: 06:41 data? 17: 06:43