Witness: Gregg Wolf
Attorney: MS. Burns
Source: MNKOI0004572489
============================================================
Q. Good morning. Good morning, Mr. Wolf. My name is Sarah Burns, and I'm an attorney with Simmons Hanly Conroy. I represent the olaintiffs in this matter. I'm here this morning with my colleague Holly Nigh Pert whom I work with on a regular basis and who will oe helping me out today. I'm going to run through a few basics first and then we'll get started. Have you ever had your deposition taken before?
Q. So I'm going to go through the grounc rules so that you kinc of understand a little more about this whole setup. I'm sure your attorney went through this with you. We are on the record today. And that just means that Michelle is taring Gown everything you say and everything I say. And then also you're aeing recordec on vic eo. I see it right now; you look fine. And then because you've oeen sworn in, you must answer truthfully. And because you're being recordec all of your testimony today is as if it's .o efore a judge or jury. So this can oe shown to a judge or jury as if you're in a courtroom being under oath.
Q. It's important that the record is clear. It's important that we don ' t speak at the same time because the record doesn't translate -- the written record won't translate if we are both soeaKing at the same time. So please wait for me to finish asking a question before you answer, and I will do my best to not ask a question if you're still answering a question. Does that make sense?
Q. It's also important that you answer verbally with a yes or a no, rather than using a facial ex oression or noccing or shat,c ing your head or saying mm-hmm or unh-unh. Do you understand?
Q. Good. I also want to explain what this device is next to me. This is called an Elmo, E-L-M-O. It is not a Sesame Street character. It is a camera-type device kind of like an overhead projector for the modern age. And I can put a document unc erneath it, that document for us to -- that document will then be on the screen, and it also has a camera that Danny is recording so that we can all look at it together. I can write on it, and it's record ec also in the vic eo.
Q. It will be an exhibit for the record.
Q. Okay.
Q. And who did you meet with at Ropes & Gray?
Q. John and John.
Q. I'm sorry?
Q. And Amy. Amy Malone?
Q. Okay. How -- how many times did you meet with attorneys from Ropes & Gray regarding this deposition?
Q. Where did you meet with them?
Q. What days did you meet with them?
Q. And how long did you meet with them yestercay?
Q. Was anyone else present oesices John, John, and Amy?
Q. Did. you review any documents during your -Preparation?
Q. Aoout how many documents d is you review?
Q. Did you speak with anyone else about your ce-position today?
Q. Does anyone know that you're
Q. Did. you speak with anyone at Mallinckrodt about your deoosition today?
Q. Did, you speak with any colleague about your deposition today?
Q. Did. you speak with any colleague, former -- formerly at Mallinckrodt about your deoosition today?
Q. I'm handing you what I've marked as Wolf Exhibit 1.
Q. Please to Ke a moment to review that and then we can talk about Does this document look familiar to you?
Q. This is sim-ply a protocol. This is the notice of your c ePosition today. It just says that you're here. And I'm going to -put this on the record so that they know that you're here and why you're here. All right?
Q. One more thing that I forgot to tell you about -- about your deposition is we're not here for you to run a marathon, a deposition marathon. So if you want to -La'K e a creak or you -- you need to, you know, take a brea for any reason, let me know. And we'll we'll finc. the next .test soot for you to c o that. I c o ask that if we're in the middle of a question, it's not time to be li Ke, I need my break now. Just make sure I can get through that and I'll accommocate you so that we can take a break, okay?
Q. And we will have time for lunch.
Q. I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 2.
Q. This document is Bates-laoeled MNK-NY 000045713. Please to Ke a moment to review the document.
Q. Are you ready to talk about it?
Q. Does -- do you recognize this document as an accurate version of your resume?
Q. Ana it looks liKe this is your resume somewhere around 2016?
Q. Why was it a goal to have products placed on formularies?
Q. And when a procuct is available for the members, what Goes that mean?
Q. If a products is not on formulary, do the physicians -- strike that. If a products is not on formulary, are the physicians in a
Q. Okay. So if a product is not on formulary, is it allowed to be orescrioec within the PBM?
Q. What is the benefit to McNeil of a proc. uct being olacec on formulary?
Q. And would that allow increased prescriptions of that medication?
Q. You said, "I would oelieve that if a mem per has access that it could increase..." Increase the prescriptions for that medication?
Q. Is there any distinction when that might hapoen for prescription med ications?
Q. Can you recall the names of those Rx and OTC medications?
Q. During this time from 1999 to 2009, aid you detail or supervise any sales representatives who detailed any opioid meci cations on behalf of McNeil, Janssen, or Johnson & Johnson?
Q. Yeah, I understand that. What I'm trying to finc out is if you -- uring this time frame from 1999 to 2009, did you detail or suoervise any sales representatives who d etailec opioids mec ications?
Q. There may have been a few months in between. I see you left McNeil in March of 2009 and then you -- you went to Lifecell in Novemoer of 2009?
Q. Hopefully you had some -- had some fun in between. What did you -- strike that. In general, what were your responsibilities while you were a territory manager of head and, neck reconstruction from Novemoer 2009 to December 2011?
Q. What is AlloDerm?
Q. And Cymetra? form that was powder, and it was used to help for -- that I recall, something with the larynx. I can't get more specific than that.
Q. That's fine. Neither are opioids or controlled substances?
Q. Then I have to ask. What is a SPY sales specialist?
Q. And SPY is not an opioid or a controlled substance?
Q. Okay. And then during your time at -- from Lifecell, you went to Novacaq. And I'm going to cut to the chase here. During your time at Novacaq, who sold or detailed an opioid or a controlled. substance?
Q. So then it appears as though you found yourself at Mallinckrodt after Novacaq; is that correct?
Q. Okay. So was Novacaq acquired by Mallinckrodt?
Q. What is Ofirmev?
Q. And what is Xartemis?
Q. You said Ofirmev is an IV a acetaminophen?
Q. You going to have have to help me on how to spell a acetaminophen.
Q. Okay. So you all won't judge me if I misspell?
Q. All right. Close enough. And it says here you were accountable for achieving growth of Ofirmev and Xartemis XR in LI, Brooklyn, and, Queens, institutions and ambulatory surgical centers. Did I reac that correctly?
Q. How is an opioid different from acetaminophen?
Q. What class is acetaminophen?
Q. And you said that a acetaminophen -- when I askec you what class acetaminophen is, you said "Acetaminophen is acetaminophen. An opioid is an opioid." Does Concerta have a class?
Q. Is acetaminophen a controlled substance?
Q. Are opioids a controlled substance?
Q. Why are opioids a controlled substance?
Q. When you were detailing Xartemis XR, were you aware that opioids were a controlled substance?
Q. I'm sorry?
Q. When you were detailing Xartemis XR, were you aware that it was an opioid?
Q. When you were detailing Xartemis XR, were you aware that opioids are consic erec a controlled substance?
Q. You still need to answer the question.
Q. When we move up to hos-oital sales specialist for Mallinckrodt from July 2015 to the present, can -- can we ma ,ce sure that we understand here that present is not today. Present was at the time of this resume -- at the time this
Q. Do -- I'm going to asp you for some geographical help with Long Island, because I'm not from around, here. Are there portions of Queens on Long Island?
Q. Okay. LiKe, Long Island is physically an island, right?
Q. And are there -- is there _cart of Long Island that is not Nassau or Suffolk?
Q. Okay. I know you're not a geographical expert.
Q. What is the Purpose of a soea Ker program?
Q. And why would Mallinckrodt be interested in educating the mecical community on a product?
Q. Right here uncerneath this Point you have currently ran Ked 10 out of 175. What is that ran King?
Q. Is that your ranking?
Q. Is that your ranking as comparec to other sales specialists?
Q. Why would they rank you compared to other sales soecialists?
Q. You've seen a sales a oharmaceutical or device sales representatives for --
Q. It loo.Ks like almost 30 years, 30-olus years; is that right?
Q. Would you say it's a competitive business?
Q. Are you regularly ran Ked against your peers?
Q. Were you rankec against your oeers at McNeil?
Q. And it looks liKe you were ran Ked against your oeers at Mallinckrodt?
Q. Was one of the factors that they usec to rank you at Mallinc.Krodt the number of prescriptions that your institutions for your prescribers wrote?
Q. You left in -- I'm going to go back to that a little pit. Was it a c river for you, this competition, to push yourself to have your prescribers write more prescriptions?
Q. So this competitive atmosphere and the rankings wasn't a factor pushing you at all?
Q. You dicn't answer my question. I asked you if -- if this ran King and the competitive atmosphere that you testified to earlier was a factor at all in pushing you to detail rugs to doctors and institutions?
Q. So you're saying that the ran King wasn't a factor at all?
Q. All right. So I'm going to -- I -- I'm going to submit that you won't answer the question as to whether or not the ranking is a factor.
Q. All right. When did you leave Mallinckrodt?
Q. All right. Somewhere around there?
Q. Did you have another position lined up when you left Mallinckrodt?
Q. And where was that?
Q. You're going to have to spell that for me?
Q. Okay. I got it now. And what is La Jolla?
Q. What do you detail -- do you retail pharmaceuticals for La Jolla?
Q. Is promoting different from retailing?
Q. And are you still employed oy La Jolla?
Q. What did you promote at La Jolla?
Q. Could you spell that for me please?
Q. That's okay.
Q. I sure which they would focus group these names sometimes. Okay. Does that look right?
Q. And what is Giapreza?
Q. Is Giaoreza an opioid or controlled substance?
Q. And from La Jolla where did you go?
Q. Do you retail or promote any drugs at Portola Pharmaceutical?
Q. Do you manage anyone who retails or promotes any drugs at Portola Pharmaceutical?
Q. Do you retail or promote any medical devices at Portola Pharmaceuticals?
Q. What do you do at Portola Pharmaceuticals?
Q. And what is the biologic?
Q. Is what you retail or promote at Portola Pharmaceutical an opioid or a controlled substance?
Q. Okay. We're oack on. And we've been through your resume now, and I'd like to kinc of get started on your time detailing Xartemis XR Xartemis XR with Mallinckrodt, which, according to your resume, was from January 2015 to June 2015. Does that sounc right?
Q. So did you not retail Xartemis XR during that full range of time setween January 2015 and June of 2015?
Q. And sitting here today, are you able to recall the specific months that you detailed Xartemis?
Q. I'm handing you what's been marked as Wolf Exhibit 3.
Q. This document is Bates-laoeled MNK New York -- I'm sorry. Stri Ke that. MNK-NY 000047159. Please take your time. We'll only oe talking about specific pages. So you're welcome to reac the whole document. But you can also, when we get to certain _cages, you can to Ke the time to read those.
Q. Are you ready?
Q. Okay. This looks to be an e-mail from James Fagas. Do you know if I pronounced that correctly?
Q. It looks like you are a recipient on this e-mail. You're actually the first reci oient on this e-mail. Do you see your name and e-mail ac ress there?
Q. Okay. And it says, "Hello everyone. Attached is a oresentation that Neal McDaniel reviewer with you on Fric ay." Do you know Neal McDaniel?
Q. Do you remember working with Neal McDaniel?
Q. Did you receive training before detailing Xartemis XR?
Q. And was your training around this time?
Q. And where was that training located?
Q. How long did the training last?
Q. Were there others in attendance at the training?
Q. Do you recall about how many?
Q. At the time that you were trained for Xartemis XR, was Xartemis being launched nationwide at that time or had Xartemis already been launched
Q. Do you recall if this oresentation that's attached, to this e-mail, c o you recall if it was oart of the training for Xartemis?
Q. Do you recall taking tests or quizzes regarding Xartemis?
Q. Is there a setter ohrase for those tyoes of tests or quizzes or exams that is typically usec in the inc ustry?
Q. Okay. Thank you. Did, you to Ke assessments for -- strike that. Did you take assessments as oart of your Xartemis XR training?
Q. There are only a couple of pages of this PowerPoint that I'c like to ask you about. The first page that I' li,ce to talk to you about is Page Number 7. It's entitled "Monthly Territory Action Plan: Successful Practices Overview." Let me know when you're on the same page.
Q. Okay. It says there are three steps to c eveloping a strategic action plan. Can you rear those three steps for me?
Q. When you detailed Xartemis XR, what types of orescripers or Potential prescri pers did you detail?
Q. You testified earlier that as part of your variec roles as a pharmaceutical sales re presentative and as a manager, sometimes you called on hospital in-service programs, sometimes you called on prescribers in offices, sometimes you called on managed care programs. Can you tell me if you called on, for example, prescrioers in Xartemis XR?
Q. Did you call on surgical centers?
Q. Dia you call on hospitals?
Q. What a oout with Xartemis XR?
Q. The Step 1 that you read earlier, it says, "Prioritize customers utilizing ata." Did you utilize data when you detailed for Xartemis XR?
Q. Did you utilize data when you c.etailed Xartemis XR?
Q. I'm not asking what data you utilized I'm asking you if you utilized ata.
Q. Is there anything in this PowerPoint that would make you aelieve that these aren't instructions on how to cetail Xartemis XR?
Q. Di  you utilize your local knowledge in detailing Xartemis XR?
Q. It says on Step 3, "Acjust customer priorities." What's a customer?
Q. Did you define which customers were priority in your territory uring your time detailing Xartemis XR?
Q. Did Mallinckrodt define which customers were priority in your territory during your time detailing Xartemis XR?
Q. So your testimony today is that you do not recall how the targets were defined during your time detailing Xartemis XR?
Q. But you are testifying that it's your recollection that you did not cefine the targets in your territory during your time detailing Xartemis XR?
Q. It says here, "Replenish core targets with promising opportunities." What might be an example of a target with promising opportunities?
Q. I'd like to turn to Page 16 of the PowerPoint.
Q. Page 16.
Q. At the top it says, "Routing and pre-call planning: Set a clear goal for each call." I'm focusing on this last paragraoh. "Once the potential prescriper commits, several calls may focus on reminding them to prescribe, ic entifying and stocking nearby pharmacies, preparing staff for initial trial, and subsequently obtaining feedback. and identifying ooportunities to exoand use." It says here, "Identifying and stoc ,doing near oy pharmacies." During your time detailing Xartemis XR, did you call on pharmacies?
Q. And what was the purpose of calling on pharmacies?
Q. And why would that be important?
Q. How did you decide which pharmacies to visit?
Q. Who decicde which pharmacies you should visit?
Q. Where do you see that on this document?
Q. I'm looking at Page 8 with you. Can you tell me where you see that, this specifically on Page 8?
Q. And the territory target list and weekly push and PPI reports would include the pharmacies you were to visit?
Q. So you don't know if those weeKly push and PPI reports and territory target lists include pharmacies?
Q. Let's go back to Page 16. Or was it 19 that I was on? 16. It says here, "Preparing staff for initial trial." Did. you --
Q. Is this referring -- strike that. Did. you communicate staff -- with staff in physician offices during your time detailing Xartemis XR?
Q. Did. you communicate with the prescribers in physician offices uring your time detailing Xartemis XR?
Q. But you don't know if you ever spoke to a receptionist or a nurse?
Q. In your experience as a sales representative, or a manager of sales representatives, is it typical for a sales representative to only soeak to a prescrioer when making a sales call?
Q. In this last little brea Kout here, where it says, "Successful SS," says, "Reca o previous calls to determine goals for the next call. Consider." This last bullet point says, "What have I suppliec ? E.g., cooay carc s, leave-oehinds." What are co pay cares?
Q. Were there cooay carc s for Xartemis XR?
Q. Who provided the strike that. Who provided the copay card for Xartemis XR to a prescriber or a prescrioer's office staff?
Q. What's a leave-behind.?
Q. Approved material regarding Xartemis XR?
Q. Would you leave behind any material that is not approved oy the company?
Q. Were the leave-behinds that you used for Xartemis XR consistent with leave-behinds that Mallinckrodt used nationally for Xartemis XR?
Q. Sure. And I am going to rephrase it for you this time. Do you have any reason to oelieve that the leave-oehinc s that you usec for Xartemis XR were different from any leave-behind. s that Mallinckrodt usec. nationally for Xartemis XR?
Q. But you have no reason to oelieve that the leave-behind s that you relied upon for Xartemis XR on Long Island or New York, were any different than those usec nationally?
Q. But every leave-behind that you left for Xartemis XR was approved oy Mallinckrodt?
Q. I'd. like to go to Page 24 of the PowerPoint. This one is entitled "Call follow-up. Follow up quiclKly to remind potential prescri oers of their specific commitment to orescri se XXR." I ' c like to focus specifically on Paragraph 3 of this document. It says, "Reminc a physician of their specific commitment to orescri pe. E.g., 'Doctor, are you still planning to write Xartemis XR for all commercially insures arthrosco oy cases this Tuesc. ay at Example Surgery Center?'" Dia you call on surgery centers during your time detailing Xartemis XR?
Q. Do you recall if you ever purposely tried to have a presence in a orescri.oer's office on or around an anticipated surgery day with the goal of pushing a prescription for Xartemis XR?
Q. In this quote that I read earlier, in that Paragraph 3 there, it asks -- it instructs sales representatives to ask the doctor if they're still planning to write Xartemis XR for all "commercially insured arthroscopy" "arthroscopy cases." Can you recall any instances other than in this document of being instructec to confirm that the orescri pers are writing for commercially insured cases?
Q. Did Mallinckrodt have an interest in ensuring that Xartemis XR prescriptions were c irected and written only for commercially insured. patients?
Q. Were you instructed to encourage physicians to write only for commercially insurec patients?
Q. In your 30 years as a oharmaceutical sales rep, is it customary for you to De encouraged to only -- to ask that prescribers write these prescriptions only for commercially insured patients?
Q. That wasn't my question.
Q. My question was in your 30 years as a pharmaceutical sales rep, is it customary for you to be encouragec to ask prescribers to write these prescriptions only for commercially insured patients?
Q. Is it customary for you to be encouraged to ask prescribers to focus their prescriptions for commercially insured patients?
Q. If we can move on to Page Follow-Up. Prepare key Staff Members For Individual Roles and Estaolish Lines of Communication." Earlier you testified that you thought that mayoe the pharmacies you called on or targetec were icentified on a list for you. On the second bullet point here, it says, "Ensure staff who will interact with patients receiving prescriptions for XXR are pre oarec with cooay carc s and know which nearoy oharmacies have XXR in stocK. IT How would you determine stock?
Q. Did you visit pharmacies nearby the doctor's office?
Q. Dia you focus on pharmacies nearby doctors' offices?
Q. Did you focus on pharmacies nearby doctors' offices who were higher orescripers of Xartemis XR?
Q. Who wrote that prescription?
Q. Let's turn to Page 26.
Q. 26. It's -- I'm sorry. It says, "Call Follow-Up. Strategically Call on Pharmacies." The third -- again, we're look at the third point on this -page, "Call pharmacies nearby a potential prescribers's office the day before a prescription is anticipatec e.g., the ay before surgery pay, to ensure available XXR for the anticipatec prescriptions." Do you recall ever calling a pharmacy the pay before a surgery day?
Q. The next point says, "Treat the pharmacist like a customer and recognize their business oojectives." Did you treat pharmacists like customers?
Q. Is a patient a customer?
Q. Why isn't a patient a customer?
Q. Who is the end user of the medication?
Q. Did you provide materials that a Patient might rely upon regarding Xartemis XR?
Q. Were there patient brochures regarding Xartemis XR?
Q. If there were patient brochures regarding Xartemis XR, who would provide those to the doctor's office?
Q. When you would meet with oharmacists regarding Xartemis XR, did you, as it says here, tell the oharmacists specifically which physicians you anticipate will se sending prescriptions and when?
Q. I'm sorry. In the fourth paragraph.
Q. You testified, I believe, that you educated the pharmacists regarding Xartemis XR; is that correct?
Q. Did you talk to the pharmacists about potential prescribers of Xartemis XR?
Q. Did. you talk to the prescribers regarding stoc King of Xartemis XR in the pharmacies?
Q. I'm done with this document. Do you recall how your salary was calculated while you were at Mallinckrodt?
Q. You had a base salary. Did you negotiate your base salary or was it set when you tooK the position?
Q. Did you receive any bonuses during your time at Mallinckrodt?
Q. Do you recall about how many bonuses you receives? recall the exact amount.
Q. Did you receive Bonuses on a set basis?
Q. Like, say, once every quarter or once every year? Do you recall that much?
Q. - Do you recall how the °onuses were calculated.?
Q. What award is you receive while you were at Mallinckrodt?
Q. Anything else?
Q. And what is President's Club?
Q. Do you "know how they determined whether or not you're a higher performer?
Q. Do you recall any -- any elements of how that's calculated?
Q. I'm sorry. You said it was firm-bases?
Q. Oh, I see.
Q. Sorry, that was law firm speak. My ears were hearing law firm soeaK right there.
Q. My ears were hearing, like, law firm language right there, so I hearc firm. What kinc of awards did you strike that. What kinc of rewards did you earn as oart of receiving President's Club?
Q. And what was the trip?
Q. Did you receive any monetary compensation or bonus as oart of attaining president's cluo?
Q. I see. So the award for President's Club was kind of the prestige of being President's Club ana the trio to Hawaii?
Q. I'm trying to understand the benefit of being President's Cluo. Is it prestigious?
Q. And so you get to say that you are President's Club, ana you get to go to Hawaii as part of being President's Club?
Q. You won the -
Q. Okay. In terms of compensation or additional bonus compensation for your performance, is that separately calculated and that's oonused out separately?
Q. Have there been times - were there times when you were at Mallinc roc t and you weren't President's Club?
Q. And during those times at Mallinckrodt did you still receive °onuses?
Q. And when you were President's Club, did you receive
Q. Did. you receive any more oonus compensation oeyond the trip to Hawaii because you were President's Club?
Q. You do not recall how bonuses were calculated
Q. I'm handing you what's seen marked as exhipit -- I think this is 4.
Q. This document is Bates-lapeled MNK-NY 000046093.
Q. I'm not asking you for that, Greg. I'm asking your counsel.
Q. Really?
Q. Does this document look familiar to you?
Q. Okay. Does this remind you at all of maybe how the bonuses were calculated at Mallinckrodt?
Q. Right. Well, I see that Karen Degen said to you, "Greg, congratulations!!!! Awesome payout," smiley face. This was on May 26, 2015. Who is Karen Degen?
Q. And it looks liKe because of the date, June 19th, this may have peen the second quarterly payout for the year. And it appears off to the right it's cut off, out maybe it says Xartemis. On this chart it has a column head er that says "National Payout." Do you know what a national payout is?
Q. So your bonus for this quarter, based on your reacing of this document, was 557.22?
Q. Okay. And then what -- off quarterly payout, it says .oaseline ATRx. 11.14. Can you explain to me what ATRx iS?
Q. And then it says, "Baseline payout, none." And we're cut off from seeing what potential payout there might se for Xartemis.
Q. Well, that's the baseline payout?
Q. Do you recall receiving bonus payouts for Xartemis?
Q. Do you know where we would look , to determine whether or not you received a bonus payouts for Xartemis?
Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt usec prescription numbers to calculate °onus payouts?
Q. Based on your own recollection
Q. o you know if Mallinckrodt usec prescription numbers to calculate bonus payouts?
Q. But you don't know oased on your own recollection either?
Q. Okay. We're done with that document.
Q. Welcome back. We're going to try to squeeze in a half hour before lunch.
Q. During your time detailing Xartemis, did any prescribers exoress any concerns to you regarding the addictive nature of opioids s?
Q. Did any prescribers ever express any concerns to you regarding opioid aouse?
Q. How about misuse of opioids?
Q. How about diversion of opioids?
Q. During your time training for and detailing Xartemis XR, do you recall if you were trainee or provided materials regarding the risk of acciction to opioids?
Q. Do you recall if you were provided any training or materials opioids? Overly oroad, vague.
Q. Do you recall if you were provided any training on the materials regarding the risk of a ouse of opioids?
Q. How about the risk of misuse of opioids?
Q. How about the risk of diversion of opioids?
Q. Are opiods addictive?
Q. You testified earlier that Xartemis XR is an opioid, correct?
Q. During the time -- during your time etailing Xartemis XR, would you have Known whether or not it was accictive?
Q. Is Xartemis XR a schec.ulec narcotic?
Q. And what does it mean to be a scheduled narcotic?
Q. Are scheduled narcotics controller, substances?
Q. Did you know the full cefinition of that during the time you were detailing Xartemis XR?
Q. Was Xartemis XR -- strike that. Can you define opioid
Q. Have you ever heard the ohrase "opioid criSiS"?
Q. What is your -- what is your understanding of opioids crisis within the media context?
Q. And how does a lot of people taking opioids connect to the opioid crisis that you hear of in the media context?
Q. During your time at Mallinc'Kroct, did you have any, or did you hear of any discussion internally about the opioids crisis?
Q. Do you recall any exchanges with colleagues regarding the opioid crisis at Mallinckrodt?
Q. Let -- let me rephrase that. Do you recall any exchanges with colleagues regarding I'm going to try this one more time. Strike that. During your time at Mallinckrodt, did you engage in any exchanges with colleagues about the opioid crisis?
Q. Have you ever heard the phrase "opioid epidemic"?
Q. What is your understanding of opioid epidemic?
Q. Are you familiar with the term "diversion" in the context of controller, substances?
Q. And what does diversion mean?
Q. Can you provide an example of diversion?
Q. Okay. Do you recall any oolicies at Mallinckrodt concerning reporting prescribers who were ootentially engaged in diversion of opioids?
Q. Yeah, do you recall any policies or procedures at Mallinckrodt concerning reporting prescribers who were potentially engaged in diversion of opioids?
Q. Do you recall during your time at Mallinckrodt ever hearing the phrase "rec flags" in the context of opioids?
Q. I'm not asking for any specifics when I ask this question. But co you know anyone personally who has strugglec with opioid abuse or ac iction?
Q. Does this e-mail look familiar to you, this series of e-mails look familiar to you?
Q. Do you -- I'm going to start on the second page here. This is -- looks to be an e-mail from Mary Cochran on behalf of Mike Matthews. Who is Mi Ke Matthews?
Q. Do you know who Mary is?
Q. And it says here, "Office" -- in that first paragraph, "Office-cased sales and marketing employees will no longer have responsibility for customer-facing "All customer-facing activities schec. ulec for Monday, June 15th, through Fricay, June 26th, should oe canceled oy the office-based sales specialist using the aporovec talking points below." Ana then when we go cown to the talking points below. That first one says, "Due to a conflicting business issue, I am unable to make our scheduled appointment for and will need to cancel our ." Do you happen to recall what this conflicting business issue was?
Q. If we turn to the first page. There is an e-mail from Karen Degen who was your manager, correct?
Q. To you, Karen, and a few other people. Who were those other oeople, if you could just "kind of generally walk through those for me?
Q. They were other sales representatives?
Q. Okay. And Karen says, "Team, I am so sorry about what has trans-oirec this week. I am here for you and will be a reference. Please send in your appointments using the attached soreadsheet. Goc bless and best wishes." Do you remem per receiving this e-mail?
Q. Do you recall what she was so sorry for?
Q. Did. you lose your job at this time?
Q. So you lost your job with Mallinckrodt on June 17, 2015?
Q. What's confusing to me a pout this is that she is so sorry a pout what has transpired and she's here for you as a reference. It makes -- out then you continue to be employea with Mallinckrodt for two or three more years; is that right?
Q. I see. But you don't recall any other details surrouncing this conflicting business issue, in quotes, other than what's in this e-mail?
Q. You don't recall any other details surrounc ing this "conflicting business issues" other than what's in this e-mail?
Q. What was the time frame between when you canceled these a000intments on June 17, 2015, and when specialist for Ofirmev?
Q. That's a question.
Q. Yeah. How long was the time frame when you cancelec. these appointments on or around June 17, 2015, and then when you .oecame a hospital sales specialist for Ofirmev?
Q. So within a couple of weeks?
Q. Do you recall if you received a paycheck from Mallinckrodt during those two wee:,c s? And my -- mayoe I can rephrase my question. Was your tenure at Mallincroct continuous between these two positions, between surgical sales specialist and hospital sales specialist, or were you laic. off and then rehired?
Q. Okay.
Q. Got it. Thank you. When you came back to Mallinckrodt, it loo'Ks liKe you came back to Mallinckrodt as a hospital sales specialist, did you cetail any products other than Ofirmev?
Q. And you detailed , according Lower Manhattan?
Q. And it was only institutions?
Q. Did you -- and did you you detailed in hospitals, correct?
Q. And did you detail in surgical centers?
Q. You testified earlier that Ofirmev is an acetaminophen IV; is that correct?
Q. Is there a more detailed way to describe it, and I mean that in terms of, it seems to me li Ke an acetaminophen IV is pretty simple concept. Is there some sort of genius oehinc it?
Q. Okay. And is there any controlled, substance in Ofirmev?
Q. What kind of patients, based on your recollection, were the types of patients who oenefitec from Ofirmev?
Q. What were those major soecialties?
Q. Within those specialties, were there specific types of patients that particularly benefitec from an acetaminophen IV?
Q. And why is that?
Q. What were some products that physicians could. offer to their Patients as an alternative to an acetaminophen IV for pain control?
Q. Right. And what what could some of those .oe?
Q. Any others?
Q. Would you say that IV iouprofen, olocKers, and that other injectable were the primary competitors to Xartemis -- I mean, sorry, to Ofirmev?
Q. Would you say that IV iouprofen was the -Primary com-oetitor to Ofirmev?
Q. Were there any other competitors to Ofirmev besices IV ibuprofen, bloc Kers, and the other injectable?
Q. Any others that you can think of?
Q. What about opioidS?
Q. So it wasn't -- you didn't necessarily consider opioids as a ootential comoetitor to Ofirmev?
Q. Did you discuss or detail Ofirmev strike that. Did you ever -- did you ever iscuss opioids or the risk s of opioid during your detailing of Ofirmev?
Q. Did you ever consicer discussing opiods or the risks of opioids C uring your etailing of Ofirmev?
Q. Were you ever instructed to consider -- strike that. Were you ever instructed to etail on the risks of opioids during your detailing of Ofirmev?
Q. During your retailing of Ofirmev, id prescribers or institutions ever relay concerns to you about the risks of opioids?
Q. What would you say were the orimary selling points, in your mind, for Ofirmev?
Q. And how was Ofirmev better or more effective than other options in the marketplace at controlling mile to erate pain?
Q. And what kinds of materials or facts about Ofirmev did you rely upon to ec ucate Ofirmev to prescribers?
Q. And what kinds of materials did you find to be most effective, what kinc -- let me strilKe that. What kinc s of information, what kinc of tic bits about Ofirmev did you find to be most effective when you were detailing it to physicians?
Q. Was Ofirmev a successful drug based on your 30 years' experience as a sales representatives?
Q. Ana you made President's Circle while you were aetailing Ofirmev, correct?
Q. You have sold a lot of drugs and biologics and devices -- have you sole, devices?
Q. Over your 30 years. How did -- was Ofirmev one of the easier drugs for you to sell
Q. -- in your exoerience?
Q. Was it one of the harcer drugs for you to sell?
Q. And why is that?
Q. It was expensive?
Q. Was that the was were you getting feec back from prescribers and hospitals that it was ex pensive?
Q. So why co you say that it was harc er to sell because of the price?
Q. I see. Thank you. So when the pharmacy said it was ex pensive, that would -- that would essentially li Ke stall the conversation about the drug being an option to the hospital? form.
Q. Okay.
Q. Welcome back.
Q. I'm handing you what has been marked as Exhibit 6. Please take your time reviewing the document. If you want to reac the whole thing, that's fine. We're just going to go off the record while you o so, so it d oesn't log the time.
Q. Okay. We're sack on the record after a 20-minute break. Mr. Wolf, did you have an opportunity to reac the document during your break?
Q. And is this document -- this is Exhibit 6; is that correct?
Q. And where did you read this document?
Q. Okay. Were you alone when you read this document?
Q. Who was with you when you read this document?
Q. How long did it take you to read this document?
Q. Did you have any conversations with John regarding this document?
Q. Did you have any conversations with John that did not involve this document?
Q. Did you have any conversations with John while you were in the lolp ay?
Q. Did you have any conversations with the other John while you were in the lobby?
Q. Did either of these gentlemen sitting next to you, defense counsel for Mallinckrodt is either of them ask you any questions regarding this document?
Q. Where did you sit specifically when you read this document?
Q. Were either of the defense attorneys sitting here next to you right now seatec in the booby when you read this document?
Q. How close were they seated to you?
Q. Which version of this document did you read?
Q. Yes.
Q. The one that your -- that the defense attorney is holding?
Q. Did you ask either of the attorneys any questions about this ocument?
Q. Is there a reason why you read this document outside of the deposition room as ooposec to insic e of the c deposition room?
Q. Who asked you to do that?
Q. And who is John?
Q. Do you  know why John asked you to do that?
Q. Were you told to testify that there was no discussion regarding this document?
Q. I'm sorry. I missed your testimony there. Were you instructed counsel to testify that there was no iscussion regarding this document in the booby?
Q. All right. Are we ready to discuss the document?
Q. Thank you. Does this document look familiar to you?
Q. During your time detailing Ofirmev, is this the type of material that you might review or oe familiar with?
Q. Okay. If you scroll to the very last page of the document, it says, "Ofirmev highlights of" -- I'm sorry. I did the last -page, out it's really the second-to-last page. It says, "Ofirmev highlights of orescrioing information." Is this
Q. The top of the left corner of the second-to-last page. MNK-NY 0000046355. Are we all on the same spot now?
Q. "Ofirmev highlights of prescrioing information." Is this what's typically Known as the oacKage insert?
Q. And during your time retailing Ofirmev, would you have been familiar with the -oacKage insert?
Q. If you look at the third column about halfway cown of this package insert, it says indications and usage. Can you read me that section right there where it says "Ofirmev " and the three oullet points below it?
Q. Thank you. Does -- co you recall that second oullet point there, "The management of moc erate to severe pain with adjunctive opioid analgesics," do you recall that being an incication for Ofirmev?
Q. Do you recall detailing physicians on Ofirmev being indicated for -- Ofirmev being used in -- as an ac junctive with opioid analgesics?
Q. Let's look at the second page of this document, really the third page once you get past the first -- with the -- with the body on it. The Bates number enc. ing in 335. Unc. erneath the body there is a statement that says, "When used in combination with opioids s, non-opioid treatments may reduce the dose of opioids s required to effectively manage pain." Do you recall that concept from your time detailing Ofirmev?
Q. Does -- does reading it now remind you of that -- that concept being usec in promotional materials for Ofirmev?
Q. Do you recall that concept being a benefit of Ofirmev?
Q. That concept being that when usec in combination with opioids, a of opioids required to effectively manage pain.
Q. What would Pe a benefit to a Patient of red ucing the dose of opioids?
Q. Are you familiar with any ris Ks associatea with opioids.s?
Q. And what are -- what are some of the ris KS identified in the identified in the black box warning for opioids?
Q. You testified that you're familiar with risks associated with opioids because you read the black sox warning.
Q. And you read a black box warning for opioids?
Q. And when did you reac the black box warning for opioids?
Q. During your prep session with counsel?
Q. Do you recall which black pox warning you read, and I mean soecifically, did you reac a black box warning for a specific o oioic?
Q. But you don't rememoer any of the ris id entifiec. in the black sox?
Q. Do you recall one of those ris Ks being a ouse?
Q. Do you recall ac diction being one of those ris Ks?
Q. If a ouse is a risk of opioids as identified in the black 00X, is the goal of reducing opioid use a benefit because it reduces the risk of addiction?
Q. If abuse is a risk of opioids as identified in the blacK pox, is the goal of reducing opioid use a benefit because it reduces the risk of abuse?
Q. If abuse is a risk of opioids as identified in the black pox, is the goal of reducing opioid use a benefit because it reduces the risk of abuse?
Q. OKay. Right here on this page, with the Bates number ending in 335, there -- there's a goal in the says, "Goal." And then to the right it says, pig arrow, "Recuce opioid use." Do you see that there?
Q. Why would there be a goal to reduce opioid use?
Q. Is that Mallinckrodt's goal?
Q. Yes.
Q. Does Mallinckrodt have a goal of reducing abuse?
Q. Okay. Does Mallinc-Krodt have a goal of reducing opioid aouse?
Q. And Mallinckrodt's goal was not to reauce opioid abuse, correct?
Q. Was your goal to increase prescriptions for IV acetaminophen?
Q. Was your goal to recuce opioid use?
Q. Right here it lists, "Goal: Lower" "Goal: Recuce" "recuced opioid use." Was the goal here of reducec opioid use a sic e benefit of Mallinc roc t's increased use of IV increases sales of IV acetaminophen?
Q. And that's it?
Q. I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 7. This c.ocument is Bates laoeled MNK-NY 0000046218. Are you ready?
Q. Okay. Who is Tracey Williams?
Q. You said it was Ikaria?
Q. How is that soellec?
Q. I see. Thank you. In her original e-mail she wrote, "Hi all. 60 Minutes had a segment this -oast weekenc on 11/1/15, 'Heroin in the Heartland,' which tal Kec about the overuse of o-oioic s in the mec ical community for gain treatment being partly responsible for the current epicemic of abuse." Then she writes, "In accition check out this link, www.ama-assn.org. The home page highlights 'Preventing opioids aouse: Be part of the solution,' with links to articles and ec ucation. It is an ac vocacy advertisement for naloxone but with the backing of AMA and could represent a great 0000rtunity for Ofirmev." It looks like this e-mail was forward ed to you or sent to you on November 3, 2015, among others. Do you recall receiving this e-mail?
Q. Did you watch "Heroin in the Heartlanc"?
Q. Dia you check out the link www.ama-assn.org?
Q. How would preventing opioid aouse and being part of the solution content translate to a great opportunity for Ofirmev?
Q. I understand. But you are a salesman. And I imagine that you are probably skilled at finding angles to ac vocate for the products that you sell.
Q. How would preventing opioid aouse and being a solution in the prevention of opioid abuse represent a good sales apoortunity for Ofirmev?
Q. Did. the sales force for Ofirmev view Ofirmev as an alternative to opioids in a pain care setting?
Q. I understand that. Did you ever detail Ofirmev as an alternative to opioids in a pain care setting?
Q. Did you ever detail Ofirmev as a mechanism to red uce the amount of opioids a patient may require in a pain care setting?
Q. In a pain care setting such as the ones that you detailed such as anesthesiology or orthopedics or oostsurgery.
Q. Yeah. Did you ever c.etail Ofirmev as a mechanism to reduce the amount of opioids a patient may require in a pain care setting?
Q. Did you cetail Ofirmev as a crug that could be usec alongsice an opioid in conjunction with an opioid?
Q. Did you c.etail Ofirmev?
Q. Did you detail Ofirmev as a stand alone pain care -- did you cetail Ofirmev as a standalone Pain medication?
Q. I'm handing you what's Peen marked as Exhibit 8. This document is Bates-stamped MNK-NY 0000046369.
Q. Reacy?
Q. Who is Daniel Maher?
Q. This was sent on Fepruary 3, 2016, to you and a few other incividuals. Who are these other inc ivic uals?
Q. Do you recall what Dan's district encomoassec geographically? geogra chic locations.
Q. Do you recall your geographic location while you were detailing -- while you were a sales specialist for Ofirmev?
Q. Ana what were those?
Q. Dan writes, "FYI on" "Team, FYI on opioid abuse in the national headlines. This should give us all confiaence in what we co every day especially fighting the formulary tattles. We need to put our pharmacy customers on the defensive and have them efend their ecisions and actions. Dan." Are you familiar with the phrase "formulary battles"?
Q. Are you familiar with the
Q. Is it hard to get a s- trike that. Was a big part of your job uring this time getting Ofirmev on formulary within a hospital?
Q. Okay. And what were barriers to getting Ofirmev on formulary?
Q. Were competitors a carrier of getting Ofirmev on formularies?
Q. You had testified earlier that you had heard about the opioid crisis and opioid eoic emic from news heacl ines and from the mecia; is that correct?
Q. When you turn this document over, there is an article entitled "$1 Billion Bid to Fight Drug Abuse. Woulc this be an example of you seeing news a.p out the opioid crisis or the opioid eoic.emic?
Q. At the bottom of the first column there, there is a quote starting with, "Prescription rug aouse." Can you read that paragraph for me, please.
Q. Do you agree with that statement?
Q. Dan says, when you turn over the document again, his last sentence is, "We need to -Put our Pharmacy customers on the c efensive and have them c. efenc their ecisions and actions." I understand that you dicn't write the document. Do you have any id ea what he means there?
Q. Do you have any recollection of receiving this e-mail?
Q. Would you have e-mailed him back if you didn't understand what he meant there?
Q. Do you think the _pharmacies were doing something wrong?
Q. I'm handing you what's been marked Exhibit 9. Ready?
Q. This is another e-mail from Daniel Maher. This is also in February of 2016, just li Ke in the orevious exhibit. And you received. this one as well. Do you recall receiving this e-mail?
Q. Do you have any reason to oelieve that you dicn't receive it?
Q. Okay. You testified that Dan Maher was your manager; is that correct?
Q. Did  Mr. Maher join you on sales calls?
Q. Did he  so on a regular basis?
Q. Let me ask that a different way. How frequently did Mr. Maher join you on sales calls?
Q. Would it be once a month or once a year?
Q. Okay. Who defined the schedule when Mr. Maher joined you on sales calls?
Q. Who when Mr. Maher jo inec you on the sales calls, who c ecicec or eterminec. which hosoitals you would se calling on?
Q. And did you know Mr. Maher was joining you on sales calls in ac vance?
Q. And in this e-mail Mr. Maher says, "My o oservations from my time in the field last week." Is "in the fielc " inc ustry speak for joining sales representatives on sales calls?
Q. Do you recall if Mr. Maher joined you on sales calls in Fe oruary of 2016?
Q. In this first tab here, oullet point, he says, "Environment is changing, clinicians are ac Knowlec ging that they are using too many opioids and opioid monotherapy need. s need. to be addressed • TT Do you :K now what opioid monotherapy is?
Q. In the second to last bullet point he says, "Have you clinicians as Kec have seen instances where the clinicians asK us to contact pharmacy. Let them ,cnow that the request needs to come from them, not us." Do you recall asking clinicians to contact the pharmacy regarding expansion of Ofirmev?
Q. Yeah. Do you recall asking clinicians to contact the pharmacy regarding the use and expansion of Ofirmev?
Q. Do you recall clinicians acknowledging that they are using too many apioics?
Q. Do you recall clinicians acknowledging that they are using opioid monotherapy?
Q. Yeah. Do you recall in your time detailing Ofirmev or -- do you recall in your time selling Ofirmev, co you recall physicians acknowledging that they are using opioid monotheraoy?
Q. In this paragraph Mr. Maher says, "I believe we are at a turning point where our customers are facing two serious challenges. First off, they are ac Knowledging the need to rec.uce opioid and to move away from opioid monotheraoy. Ofirmev is an excellent solution." Do you recall hospitals or physicians upon which you called ac Knowled ging the need to rec. uce opioids and to move away from opioid monotheraoy?
Q. Do you cisagree with the statements in Mr. Maher's e-mail here?
Q. Do you cisagree with the statement that customers are acknowlec ging the need to rec uce opioids and move away from opioid monothera-oy?
Q. Do you oelieve that Ofirmev is an excellent solution to reduce o oioic use?
Q. I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 10. This document is Bates la oeled MNK New Yor K strike that. MNK-NY 0000046453. Are you ready?
Q. Do you know who Erika a Long is?
Q. On February 24, 2016, she sent this e-mail. At the bottom -- it starts at the bottom of the first page there and then it goes over to the second page. The e-mail is Summary of Senate Finance Hearing on Ooioids. And in the second bullet point, it says, "Alternatives to opioids and ADFs." Do you see that?
Q. That -- that last line of the first bullet Point says, "Finally Mr. Davic Hart the assistant attorney in charge in the civil enforcement division of the financial frauc and consumer protection section at the Oregon Deoartment of Justice statec that there 'are alternatives to opioids for treatment of pain."But what we need to make sure is that -Physicians are emoowered to use alternative treatment thera pies and moc alities other than opioid. Did I reac. that correctly?
Q. OKay. And this e-mail aooears to have been forward ed to you through a -- through a num oer of incividuals including James DiPofi. Do you know who that is?
Q. Who is that?
Q. He had went onto hospital cast sus manager. And -- and then it looks like Sheilla Rac el e-mailec James DiPofi. Who is Sheilla Rac el?
Q. Do you remember, does this e-mail look familiar to you?
Q. But it looks li Ke you receives the whole string on Feoruary 24, 2016. Sheilla Radel says in the piece .below is the last sentence of the last paragraph referring specifically to the need for physicians to be empowerec to utilize alternative treatment mocalities to opioids." Do you see that?
Q. Do you recall now, after seeing this document, that -- that there were managers who were pointing out the importance of ac vocating for Ofirmev as an alternative treatment to o pioic s?
Q. Then she says, "This is an every P&T memoer should se made aware of their ability to drive change with the ecisions they make about pain management." What is a P&T member?
Q. Can you read the next sentence for me that starts with denying?
Q. Do you agree with that statement?
Q. Why don't you agree with that statement?
Q. Do you relieve that c enying access to Ofirmev is unethical?
Q. Do you oelieve that cenying access to Ofirmev will contribute to the growing epidemic?
Q. Do you agree with the statement that many physicians consider Ofirmev to be a viaole alternative to IV opioids?
Q. We're back. I'm handing you what's teen marked as Exhibit 11. This document is Bates-laoeled MNK-NY 0000046492. Reacy?
Q. This is an e-mail from Daniel Maher to what appears to be a number of sales representatives including yourself; is that correct?
Q. And it cc's Shiella Radel. This e-mail is dated Feoruary 26, 2016. And the e-mail is -- the subject line is "Mother/baby slip-and-falls." I know you had a chance to read the document, and before we get into the content of it, I want to ask you if you ha-open to recall this particular meeting, this particular in-service that you had with Dan at New Yor K Presbyterian Queens.
Q. Did this -- did reac ing this refresh your recollection?
Q. Okay. And then we're going to read this e-mail now while we're all here so that we are all on the same page. It says, "Team, Gregg and I had an in-service with the OB/GYN c eoartment at New Yor K Pres oyterian Queens yesterday, and we uncoverec that the hosoital is trac King mothers drooping their newborn chilc . NYP had seven incic ents last year!! I can only speculate the challenges each one of these incic ents on the family and hospital. "The RN manager attributec the falls to opioids. In fact the manager was heading to a meeting yesterday and was going to ciscuss Ofirmev as a solution. This is another Avenue to address with OB/GYN." Is this an accurate summary of the in-service that you had with the Presbyterian Queens?
Q. But you recall -- you do recall that this -- that there was an in-service at New York Presbyterian Queens in which -- in which a discussion occurrec about mothers drooping their newborn children?
Q. Do you recall that the RN manager attributed the falls to opioids?
Q. Do you have any reason to
Q. Do you have any reason to relieve that Mr. Maher's summary of the in-service is not true?
Q. Do you have any recollections of the in-service outsic e of the content of this e-mail?
Q. Do you recall the name of the RN manager you spoke to at the in-service?
Q. Do you recall any details regarding the mothers cropping their newborn children, other than what's orovidec here in this e-mail?
Q. Do you recall if Ofirmev was olaced on formulary or ultimately used as a solution in the OB/GYN department at New Yorl Presoyterian Queens?
Q. Do you recall if Ofirmev was utilized in the OB/GYN deoartment at New Yor K Presbyterian Queens after this in-service?
Q. Do you know if purchases of Ofirmev increased after -- at New Yor Presbyterian Queens after this in-service?
Q. Dia you ask any other hospitals, particularly OB/GYN ceoartments, about instances of mothers cropping their new.p orn chilc ren after you learned of this at New Yor K Pres oyterian Queens?
Q. Outside of this e-mail, c0 you recall learning of any other instances of mothers cropping their newborn children?
Q. I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 12. This c. ocument is Bates-laoeled MNK-NY 0000046956. Reac.y?
Q. Before we begin to read from this e-mail, I'c liKe to asK you a few general questions. Are you -- during your time at Mallinckrodt, were you familiar with Mallinckrodt's greater portfolio of pharmaceuticals? And oy that question, I mean were you aware of other d rugs that Mallino-Kroc t sold oeyond Xartemis or Ofirmev?
Q. So you can't name any other crugs that Mallinckrodt sells?
Q. Does Mallinckrodt sell any, that you lnow of -- do they sell any over-the-counter drugs?
Q. Do they sell any generic rugs?
Q. This e-mail is another e-mail from Dan Maher c. atec June 29, 2016. And it appears to go to the sales team again, including you. Ana it's copying an attachment entitled CMS Slavitt opioid Alternative Metrics, 041516. And Dan says, "FYI, how can we use this letter" --
Q. Dan says, "FYI, how can we use this letter with our pharmacy customers? Let me know if anyone has any conversations around the situation. Dan." First off, do you recall using this letter with any of your oharmacy customers?
Q. Okay. Did you regularly read your e-mails?
Q. Did you regularly reac your e-mails from Daniel Maher?
Q. Do you have any reason to oelieve that you didn't reac this e-mail?
Q. And if you had to define who your boss was at this time, who would that -person se?
Q. So this was an e-mail from your boss?
Q. And every e-mail during this time from when you oegan detailing I'm sorry, from when you began selling Ofirmev, your boss was Dan Maher?
Q. And who would that person have been?
Q. Is that L-E-L-A?
Q. And I -know I'm prooably stretching your memory, out during what time frame was Lela Bari your boss?
Q. Was she promoted before February of 2016?
Q. I'd like to turn to the second page of this document, the Unitec States Senate letter. The -paragraph beginning at the bottom that begins with it is our understand ing. It says, "It is our unc erstanci ng that an overreliance on opioid drugs in both inpatient and outpatient healthcare settings may contrfo ute to increased healthcare costs related to preventa ple adverse events. This includes res oiratory depression, sec ation, and falls, which ultimately out patients at rise and in extreme cases can result in ceath." Do you see that there is a footnote with 1, and then that cites to an article from Pain Physician. Do you see that?
Q. Do you recall reading this language?
Q. Did you happen to look at
Q. It goes on to say, "This is particularly true due to increasing reac missions, length of stay, and the related burden of care. In fact, an average 250-bec hospital incurs costs of approximately 1.6 million per year due to opioid-related complications." And there is a Footnote 2, "Adc itionally as you are aware, the use of opioids may also lead some patients to opioid misuse, abuse and ac iction." And there's a Footnote 3 citing to U.S. Department of Health & Human Services ac.dressing prescription rug abuse in the United States, current activities, and future opportunities. Do you recall reading this sentence that oegins with, "Additionally as you are aware, the use of opioids may also lead some patients to opioid misuse, abuse, and adciction"? no.
Q. Do you recall reading Footnote 3?
Q. But you can testify today that you have no reason to believe that your boss at Mallinckrodt forwarc ec this article to you on June 29, 2016?
Q. I'm going to asK you to pull out of your pile Exhibit Number 8. This is an e-mail that we've already ciscussec tod ay and we're not going to get into the substance on it. But this is an e-mail from Dan Maher to you and your counterparts. And it's dated Feoruary 3, 2016. Does this e-mail help you recall that Dan Maher was your boss in February of 2016?
Q. Okay.
Q. I'm handing you what's Peen marked as Exhibit 13. Reacy?
Q. This document is Bates-laoeled MNK-NY 0000046970. It appears to be an e-mail from you to your -- to other sales representatives, it looks like; is that correct?
Q. And you're copying Dan Maher. And the subject line is "Northeast advisory upc. ate." Could you please reac the section beginning with "Northeast advisory update"?
Q. And then I'll make this easy for you. You provide a link to what appears to be a Washington Times article entitled "Rhoc e Islanc Senate Votes to Limit 0 oioid Per Script." Do you recall sending this e-mail?
Q. What does that mean?
Q. Okay. Do you have any reason to believe that you c idn't write carts of this e-mail?
Q. Do you remem per or recall reading the article from the Washington Times?
Q. Would you have reac this article from the Washington Times, if it was sent to you by yourself?
Q. The front says it's from Gregg Wolf.
Q. Are you testifying that you did not send this e-mail?
Q. It says, "RI to limit opioids in acute pain." And then it says, "This is what we need to reiterate to our hospitals." Did. you reiterate to your hospitals that Rhode Islanc was limiting opioids in acute pain?
Q. So it's your testimony that you don't recall if you tolc hospitals Rhoc e Island was limiting opioids in acute pain?
Q. Why would the need to utilize non-opioid IV meds to treat pain be even greater when there is a limit on the use of opioids?
Q. Why would, the need to utilize non-opioid IV meds to treat pain Pe even greater when there is a limit on the use of opioids?
Q. So the need for pain management and pain control would increase if not -- if opioid mecs are not being usec
Q. So this is an e-mail, says it's from Gregg Wolf. And I'm asking you about the e-mail -- about language in this e-mail. OKay?
Q. I have no reason, sitting here today, based on the face of the document, to .relieve that you did n't write this. So it says, "The need to utilize non-opioid IV meds to treat pain would be even greater when there is a limit on the use of opioids." Can you explain to me why there would be a limit on the use of opioids?
Q. You don't know why there would be a limit on the use of opioids?
Q. Okay. So sitting here today, and tarKing to me, not look at the e-mail, can you tell me why there might be a limit on the use of opioids?
Q. Can you tell me why Rhode Island, for example, or the U.S. Senate or your boss might se circulating all of this corres oondence regarding a limit on the use of opioid S?
Q. Who is we?
Q. Was the organization at all concerns about -- concerned about ris KS associatea with the use of opioids?
Q. But the organization did want to have Ofirmev used in the hospitals for mild to moderate pain management?
Q. I'm handing you what's seen marked as Wolf-14. This document is Bates-laaeled MNK-NY 0000047018.
Q. Sorry. I'm eating my Kie.
Q. I'm ready when you are. I'm ready when you are.
Q. This looks to be another e-mail from Dan Maher to the sales force team, which you're on. And it's dated July 28, 2016; is that correct?
Q. Okay. Is this an e-mail from Dan Maher?
Q. I had the wrong document.
Q. I'm going to re-rear the Bates number here. This document is Bates laoeled MNK-NY 0000046985. Are we all on the same page now? the record seen mar Kec as Exhi sit 14.
Q. This is an e-mail from Dan Maher dated July 20, 2016, to a number of members of what I believe to be the sales force, including you, Mr. Wolf; is that correct?
Q. Okay. And the su sject line is Forwarc: Incidents of and risk factors for chronic opioid use among opioid naive patients in the postoperative oerioc, JAMA Internal Mec icine, JAMA Networ K. Did I read that correctly?
Q. Do you recall receiving this e-mail?
Q. And Shiella Rac el forwarcec again who Shiella Rac el is?
Q. And Shiella says, "NEMT." What is NEMT?
Q. Okayy. Thank you. She says, "Please see the new release JAMA article on opioids naive patients undergoing surgical orocec ures. Overall there is a significant risk of opioid dependence when naive patients are exposed to opioids after surgery." Do you happen to know what it means to be a naive patient?
Q. What is that?
Q. What do you think it means to be opioid naive?
Q. What is opioid dependence?
Q. Someone who continues taking opioids, is that what you said?
Q. So someone who is opioid dependent is someone who is taking opioids?
Q. The next sentence there says, "Factors such as age , male sex, and those with history of alcohol/drug abuse or use of benzodiazapines and/or anticepressant use, have been associated with higher use of opioid c e-oenc. ence." Do you recall reviewing any materials during your time selling Ofirmev about risk factors for opioid eoendence?
Q. You don't recall reac ing this e-mail regarding risk factors of opioid cependence?
Q. Then she goes onto say, "Our hospitals must c o what they can to prevent the growing d epencence in our country." Do you agree with that statement?
Q. Then she says, "This is only possible when opioid minimization strategies are utilized, maximizing use of non-opioids such as Ofirmev." Do you agree with that statement?
Q. Why don't you agree with that statement?
Q. And do you think using Ofirmev strike that. Do you think utilizing Ofirmev is one opioid minimization strategy?
Q. And why is that?
Q. Are there fewer risk factors opioids?
Q. So the risk factors for Ofirmev and for opioids s are similar?
Q. Is opioid dependence. ence a risk factor?
Q. Of opioids.
Q. Is opioid dependence a rise factor of Ofirmev?
Q. Is opioids dependence a risk factor of Ofirmev?
Q. I'm handing you what's been Bates laoeled MNK-NY 0000047018.
Q. Ready?
Q. This looks to me liKe an e-mail from Dan Maher dated July 28, 2016 to the sales force team, including you; is that correct?
Q. And it's aatec forward sorry, the subject line is Forward: Interesting article - worth sharing. And he forward s an e-mail from Shiella Racel, also beginning with NEMT, which we believe is Northeast Management Team, right?
Q. Do you have any reason to relieve you did n't reac. this e-mail?
Q. She says, "Per article below, ore- o o use of opioids leaps to higher opioid consumotion during hospital stay, as well as longer length of stay. The consequence of untreatec pain in hernia operation impacts ooth the surgeon and hospital as some payors will not pay for hospitalization costs if the orocedure was and planned as a same day procedure or 24-hour stay and the patient had to oe admitted for any reason." Then she says, "Dr. Ramshaw reinforces data from the JAMA article, , which shows naive patients receiving opioids in the postoperative setting have higher risk of opioid aepencence, especially in the higher risk population such as male gencer, elcerly, those with history of alcohol abuse, those taking antice-oressants or other psychoactive C rugs." Do you recall using any of this information while selling Ofirmev?
Q. Do you recall using the University of Tennessee data while selling Ofirmev?
Q. Do you know if any of your colleagues used the University of Tennessee c.ata while selling Ofirmev?
Q. Do you know if -- do you remember using the JAMA article referencec in the previous exhibit while selling Ofirmev?
Q. Do you recall if any of your colleagues, or do you know if any of your colleagues usec the JAMA article while selling Ofirmev?
Q. Did. you have in-person or over-the-phone c. iscussions with your posses or colleagues about the risks of opioids?
Q. It appears from the exhioits we've looked at today that there was significant e-mail traffic regarding the risks of opioids. Would you agree with me?
Q. And I'm asking whether or not there were ciscussions, conversations, or meetings in which the rises of opioids arose during your time as a sales representatives -- let me reohrase that. I'm asing you whether or not there were ci scussions, conversations or meetings you attend ed with your colleagues in which the topic of risks of opioids arose?
Q. When you were on in-services with your boss, Mr. Maher, did you ciscuSS -- ever c iscuss opioids?
Q. Is it that you don't recall or you con't ,cnow?
Q. When you did an in-service with Mr. Maher, did you soenc the majority of the c.ay meeting with hospitals and physicians?
Q. In the car or in a meeting?
Q. And how did you travel from the hospitals, between hospitals?
Q. Did you go from one hospital to another ever?
Q. And you travelec from one hospital to another, did you travel together or in separate cars?
Q. Did you conduct in-services with Ms. Bari?
Q. Did. Mr. Maher ever instruct you to detail physicians and hosoitals on Ofirmev using the ris Ks of opioids as a sales tool?
Q. Do you think these e-mails from Mr. Maher to the sales team regarding the risks of o-oioic s are instructions for the team to detail Ofirmev oy demonstrating the ris:,c s of ooioidS?
Q. What do you think these e-mails are intended for?
Q. Education about what's going on out there?
Q. In the market or the community?
Q. What's the difference between the market and the community?
Q. So were you receiving communications about, say, tobacco use from Mr. Maher?
Q. Your testimony earlier was that opioids were not part of the same market as Ofirmev. Would you agree with that?
Q. Are you testifying that opioids and Ofirmev were not in the same market?
Q. Are opioids and Ofirmev in the same community?
Q. Well, you testified earlier that these e-mails were intended to oe ec ucation about what's going -- what's been written out in the community.
Q. So opioids and Ofirmev are in the same community. Is that what your testimony is?
Q. Okay. So opioids and Ofirmev are not in the same markcet, and opioids and Ofirmev are not in the same community. Are those accurate statements based on your testimony?
Q. Well, I guess part of my problem here is that I don't know what you're referring to. Are opioids -- what are the similarities between opioids and Ofirmev?
Q. What are the differences between opioids and Ofirmev?
Q. It seems your bosses have shared a lot of information with you over time about the aifferences and similarities between opioids and Ofirmev, and you seem to not have any knowledge about that.
Q. There's also -- there are also educational materials about comparing opioids and Ofirmev. And you seem to have no knowledge about that. So sitting here today, you are unwilling or una ole to com pare opioids and Ofirmev. Is that -- is that your testimony?
Q. So your testimony is that one is an IV acetaminophen and the other is an opioid?
Q. Is there -- are there any other differences between the two us today?
Q. Are there any other similarities aetween the two medications that you'd like to share with us today?
Q. Are you aware of any other differences aetween the medications?
Q. Are you aware of any other similarities aetween the mec ications?
Q. Are you aware that -- strike that.





