Witness:  James Rausch
Attorney: MR. Kawamoto
Source:   MNKOI0004122833
============================================================

Q. Good morning, Mr. Rausch.

Q. Thank you for being here today. So my name is Dean, and my colleagues are Gary and Erika. I'm going to plan to take a break probably around every hour, but if you need one earlier, just please let me know.

Q. Could you please state your name and business address?

Q. And you understand that you're under oath, right, sir?

Q. And are you taking any medications, or is there any other reason that would interfere with your ability to answer my questions fully and truthfully?

Q. Thank you. And if I ask a question you don't understand, please let me know and I will try to rephrase it.

Q. Have you ever testified in a deposition?

Q. Okay. So some basic ground rules, just primarily for the benefit of the court reporter, but it's very important that when I ask you a question, that you answer verbally as opposed to nodding or shaking your head.

Q. And it's also very important that we not speak over each other. So I'll ask my question, and then I'll let you answer. Your attorney may object for the record. Unless he instructs you not to answer, though, you are to answer the question.

Q. Have you ever testified at trial?

Q. And can you describe the -- well, what was the nature of that trial?

Q. And who are the other people seated next to you today?

Q. And are they also your attorneys?

Q. Okay. And are you paying them to be here today?

Q. Okay. Do you know who is paying them?

Q. So, sir, I want to ask you a few questions about your deposition preparation. Did you review any documents in preparation for this deposition?

Q. My understanding, and Rocky can object if he feels he needs to, but I'm not asking you to identify for me the documents that you reviewed. I just want to know if you reviewed any documents.

Q. Okay. And did you review any deposition transcripts or other trial testimony?

Q. And did you review any expert reports?

Q. Expert reports.

Q. My apologies. Do you recall reviewing any court documents?

Q. And what about any electronic records, for example, any databases?

Q. Now, have you looked at your own personal paper or electronic files to prepare for this deposition?

Q. Now, I take it you spoke with your attorneys prior to this deposition; is that fair?

Q. And do you recall whether it was in person or by phone or both?

Q. And on how many occasions did you speak with them?

Q. And do you recall roughly how many hours on each occasion it was?

Q. And this is four or five hours each time?

Q. Okay. And at these meetings, who was present?

Q. And so no one else was present other than --

Q. -- Rocky and Bill? Now, you indicated that you reviewed documents. Did any of those documents refresh your recollection regarding the issues at this deposition?

Q. Okay. So I'm going to try to modify that question, and your attorney may also have the same objection. But can you generally describe for me the categories of documents that you looked at to refresh your recollection?

Q. And other than your attorneys, did you speak to anyone else to prepare for your deposition?

Q. Okay. Now, sir, are you being reimbursed by anyone for your expenses in connection with this deposition?

Q. And so Mallinckrodt is not compensating you for your time in connection with this deposition?

Q. Can you brief -- strike that. Can you briefly describe your education background after high school?

Q. And roughly when you did you start working at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And you say you retired six years ago. So forgive my math, but that would be 2012?

Q. Okay. And so between 1976 and 2013, you were employed by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And so you've never worked for anyone else other than Mallinckrodt?

Q. Have you completed any nondegree programs of study? And if you don't understand what that means, I'm happy to clarify.

Q. Have you taken any other courses or any training outside of Mallinckrodt, for example, any -- do you have any regulatory certifications or professional licenses?

Q. So I would like to ask you about your employment at Mallinckrodt, and recognizing that it covers 1976 to 2013, it's

Q. Okay. And if I could pause you there. So when were you hired full time, roughly what year?

Q. And you were initially hired into customer service for a business that subsequently moved?

Q. A business line that subsequently moved?

Q. And then when did you go to production and inventory, roughly what year?

Q. Okay. And I'm sorry, go ahead. You were saying something about, I think it was a bulk business?

Q. And what did that entail? I'm not familiar with that term.

Q. And so you're talking about raw materials that would be, I guess, turned into pharmaceuticals?

Q. And so is it fair to say that your job was to make sure that you had sufficient amounts of the raw materials to make the needed amounts of the finished goods?

Q. Okay. And how long did you continue with those responsibilities?

Q. And was that still related to raw chemicals in -- or was that in pharmaceuticals?

Q. And what is -- what is the specialty chemical group?

Q. And none of these raw materials related to the manufacture of opioids; is that fair?

Q. Okay. And what -- can you define for me, what is a bulk -- or what is a bulk narcotic group?

Q. And the pills and powders and tablets, that would later be sold to, for example, distributors?

Q. And when you say that you did not make a finished good or a product, that's with respect to the bulk narcotics; is that correct?

Q. So I just want to make sure that I've got the timing correct. So in '91 you became a manager and -- you became a manager of the acetaminophen customer service group, the specialty chemical group and the bulk narcotic group; is that correct?

Q. And did you -- did you later go on other positions, or did you stay in that position?

Q. And can you describe for me what the dosage business is?

Q. So when you say you take raw material products, this was Mallinckrodt raw material products and making them into opioid products?

Q. And these opioid products would subsequently be shipped out to Mallinckrodt's customers; is that correct?

Q. And you held this position from 2008 until you retired in 2012 or I'm sorry, 2013?

Q. Who was your predecessor in this position -- I'm sorry, in this position?

Q. I know if I -- if I could go back to the -- the bulk narcotics business for a second.

Q. Do you recall who the manufacturers were who purchased bulk narcotics from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Well, do you recall if Endo purchased any?

Q. Okay. What about Teva?

Q. What about Allergan?

Q. Okay. How about Johnson & Johnson?

Q. How about Janssen?

Q. So in the context of the bulk narcotics business, you sold to most of the major manufacturers in the market; is that fair?

Q. Sir, was your retirement voluntary?

Q. So you could have stayed on if you wanted to; you just decided it was time to go?

Q. And can you briefly -- well, strike that. The position you held from fall of 2008 until 2013, what was your title?

Q. And it was manager of customer service for dosage products, is that the full --

Q. And what was your compere -- well, what was your compensation scheme for your -- for your position? In other words, were you paid a base? Did you also have a bonus? How was that determined?

Q. So do you recall in -- for 2012, what was your base compensation?

Q. And do you recall what your bonus was?

Q. Yes, your base salary.

Q. And then do you recall what your bonus was for that year?

Q. And the $90,000, was this -- was this more or less your base salary for the 2008 to 2013 time period?

Q. And were your reviews generally positive in your opinion?

Q. Did anyone ever express any concerns about your performance?

Q. And in terms of your goals, what are the goals that you recall that you were evaluated based on?

Q. Were any of these goals compliance related?

Q. And so was your compensation based, in part, on your ability to comply with these regulations?

Q. And who reported to you? You were a manager, so who were the people under you?

Q. Okay. And do you recall their names?

Q. And who did you report to?

Q. Is it George Saffold?

Q. And you mentioned Karen Harper.

Q. Did you report to her?

Q. So going back to the bulk narcotics business. Who would you say were your main competitors in that field?

Q. So would you describe yourself as one -- as essentially the dominant player in the bulk narcotics business?

Q. And who were the other larger producers in that space?

Q. Would you -- do you believe you were the largest producer in that space?

Q. So, no, I understand that there are limits to your memory.

Q. So what was the time frame where you would -- where it would be fair to say you were probably one of the largest?

Q. Roughly would this be in the 2000s? In the '90s?

Q. And then I guess when you say early 2000s, are we talking like 2005 to 2000 -- I'm sorry, 2000 to 2005 or 2006?

Q. And then after 2005, you were still a large producer; you just weren't the largest; is that fair?

Q. Now, focusing on your position from 2008 to 2013, which is when you were the customer service manager for dosage products.

Q. What training did you receive for your for that position?

Q. And do you recall what she did to train you?

Q. And when you say "who their customers were," were you -- are you referring to Mallinckrodt's direct customers or the customers of your customer?

Q. And when you say "product line," what are you referring to?

Q. And are you referring to Mallinckrodt's generic products?

Q. Okay. Would the product lines you're responsible for also include Mallinckrodt's branded products?

Q. Now, are you familiar with the term "suspicious order monitoring"?

Q. What does that term mean to you?

Q. I'm sorry. And roughly what time frame was this process in effect for?

Q. And I take it the process then changed in 2006 or '7?

Q. Okay. And what was that different process then?

Q. And so I guess for simplicity's sake, I will refer to the earlier suspicious order monitoring program as the pre-2007 program, and then the enhanced one is either the enhanced SOM or the post-2007; does that make sense?

Q. Okay. So for the pre-2007 SOM program, how did you identify the suspicious orders?

Q. And so just so I understand sort of mathematically how this works, are you essentially looking at the average over the past 12 months and then seeing if the new order is more than two times that average?

Q. Okay. So if the average -- I understand that there may be different sort of metrics, but if the average I had was, let's say, 50 bottles per month --

Q. -- that means that my new order could be, I guess, up to a hundred bottles; is that fair?

Q. And are they -- when you say "quota forms," is that the same as the 222 form?

Q. Okay. So you wouldn't need both a quota form or a 22 form

Q. -- or a 222 form. It was one or the other?

Q. And for the 222 form, what would that tell you?

Q. Yes, why don't we focus on dosage and then we can come back to bulk.

Q. Because the 222 form isn't used in connection with bulk, correct?

Q. And when you say it "had to match," what does that mean?

Q. And so the DEA would tell the -- would tell the --

Q. -- your customer how much they could order on a monthly basis?

Q. So it sounds like there are essentially two quotas being imposed: There's one being imposed on Mallinckrodt, and then there's another one

Q. Yes, one being imposed on Mallinckrodt as a manufacturer. Thank you.

Q. And one being imposed on Mallinckrodt's customers, which it sounds like are distributors?

Q. Okay. So is the only difference between a quota form and a 222 form the nature of the customer submitting the form?

Q. Okay. And so focusing on the dosage products, let's say I'm a distributor and the DEA has given me a quota of 50 million pills, let's say, for the year.

Q. And Mallinckrodt has a quota of, you know, 200 million pills.

Q. I take it this means that my 222 form that I submit to Mallinckrodt can't exceed 50 million; is that right?

Q. Well, my overall quota is 50 million.

Q. For the entire year, though.

Q. So when I submit a 222 form to Mallinckrodt, I mean, I assume so long as the number is not higher than 50 million, then it's okay? I'm trying to sort of understand what the -- what the limit is for the specific 222 form in any given month.

Q. Understood. But as a general matter, the 222 form -- well, the quota being applied to the 222 form was likely going to significantly exceed any monthly order that the customer placed; is that fair?

Q. Okay. So it's not as if the 222 form is really directly limiting the monthly order of a customer. The check on how much that customer can order on a monthly basis would be Mallinckrodt's algorithm?

Q. And that algorithm for the 2000 -- the pre-2007 time period was based on two times your yearly average -- I'm sorry, your yearly monthly average?

Q. No, I was talking about dosage products.

Q. But for the bulk products that you were in charge of --

Q. -- the algorithm was two times the monthly average?

Q. And I'm sorry, what's the difference between a rolling average and

Q. Okay. So it's still 12 months. It's just you don't go from January to January.

Q. Okay. And so in the bulk context, if my monthly average was, let's say, 50 kilograms --

Q. -- I could go up to a hundred kilograms on my next order?

Q. And then, of course, if I order

Q. And so, you know, over -- over time, if you're using a two times algorithm, you know, the monthly limit on what you can order could increase significantly; isn't that fair?

Q. And was there any -- well, if you were to look at --

Q. Sorry, go ahead.

Q. Understood.

Q. And this is for the bulk narcotics process, correct?

Q. And so in 2008, who took your place in -- with respect to bulk narcotics? Who assumed your position?

Q. Okay. You switched. And do you recall who has or do you know who has your position now with respect to dosage products?

Q. Okay. So, sir, you're aware that this case is about opioids; is that fair?

Q. Would you believe that there is an opioid -- that there's an opioid crisis in this country?

Q. And when you say that that's what you've heard, what do you mean by that?

Q. And you believe that's accurate?

Q. But you don't have any reason to believe that that's -- that that's not true?

Q. Do you believe that the drugs sold by Mallinckrodt contributed to this epidemic?

Q. Well, when you say that there is an opioid epidemic, what's your understanding of the nature of the epidemic?

Q. Okay. So you've heard that -- you've heard there's an opioid epidemic?

Q. What is your understanding of the nature of that epidemic?

Q. Would you agree that the prescription controlled medication is a significant component of this epidemic?

Q. And when you say "diversion," what do you mean by that?

Q. And when you say "prescribed for its intended use," what does that mean?

Q. And I'm just reading along -- I'm just reading on the screen, but you indicated that your understanding is that the products being sold by Mallinckrodt were for long-term illness that needed pain relief, cancer patients and surgery, essentially cancer pain or acute pain; is that fair?

Q. Okay. Do you understand what chronic pain is?

Q. And so in your opinion should he be on opioids?

Q. Do you believe that opioids are addictive?

Q. And do you believe that opioids are being abused?

Q. Okay. And what are the risk factors for opioid abuse? Do you know what any of them are?

Q. Now, I just wanted to make sure I understood your -- your understanding of what the term "diversion" is. But what -- could you define "diversion" for me?

Q. And when you say "not being used for its intended use," what do you mean by that? Are you talking about the doctor is not appropriately prescribing it, or what -- what do you mean by "not being used for intended use"?

Q. So the fact that a patient is taking an opioid pursuant to a prescription doesn't necessarily mean that the patient is not abusing opioids; is that fair?

Q. The fact that a patient is taking opioids pursuant to a prescription from a doctor --

Q. -- does not mean that the patient -- well, strike that. Let me reask that question.

Q. And you've indicated that would be one example of diversion?

Q. Okay. So if you had a patient that was taking opioids pursuant to a prescription that was improper, that patient would be abusing opioids, notwithstanding the fact they had a prescription?

Q. And so in terms of what the problems are with diversion or what the harms are with diversion, what in your opinion are the problems or harms stemming from diversion, the diversion of opioids?

Q. Well, in your opinion as someone that's worked for Mallinckrodt from 1976 to 2013 and spent the past -- well, the past 12-plus years in their business.

Q. And so diversion, one of the consequences of diversion, could be abuse and addiction; is that fair?

Q. Did you ever have any concerns about diversion while you were working for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did others at Mallinckrodt ever express any concerns to you regarding diversion of Mallinckrodt products, opioid products?

Q. That there either was a diversion problem or that there was a risk of Mallinckrodt products being diverted?

Q. And did you understand diversion to be an issue of corporate concern for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And when you say your "controls were so tight," what controls are you talking about? Could you list them for me?

Q. So, Mr. Rausch, you indicated that in 2008 you and Cathy Stewart essentially switched jobs.

Q. So you went to dosage products, and she went to bulk narcotics.

Q. Why did you switch?

Q. And "the other areas" meaning he wanted you to learn more about dosage products and her to learn more about bulk narcotics?

Q. Did George have any concerns about Cathy's stewardship of the dosage products?

Q. Okay. And would you view your switch in 2008 as a promotion for you?

Q. Now, do you recall our prior discussion regarding the quota system?

Q. Okay. And so I want to focus now on bulk narcotics with respect to the quota system. Well, I guess why are quotas important?

Q. And you had indicated that the compliance with the quota system was an element of Mallinckrodt's efforts to fight diversion; is that fair?

Q. And so what are -- what are all of the steps focusing now on the bulk narcotics side, what are all of the steps that Mallinckrodt took to ensure that the quota system was being complied with?

Q. And did the -- did the quota form indicate their overall quota for the year?

Q. And so how -- how would Mallinckrodt know that this order -- that the order -- that the newest order your customer had submitted didn't exceed their quota for the year?

Q. And when you say "total," I'm sorry, what total are you referring to?

Q. My apologies. So let me rephrase that question. The quota form which showed the total amount of that narcotic they had received that year?

Q. Okay. Understood. But I guess my question may be a little different. So let's say the DEA gives Manufacturer A a quota of a hundred kilograms?

Q. And Mallinckrodt -- and they submit an order to Mallinckrodt asking to purchase 3 kilograms.

Q. How does Mallinckrodt know that -- whether that 3-kilogram order is going to exceed their hundred-kilogram quota?

Q. So your recollection is that the quota form is going to show their overall quota, so a hundred kilograms?

Q. Plus the amount that they had ordered up -- so the total amount they had ordered thus far for the year?

Q. And was that just orders for Mallinckrodt, or was that all orders?

Q. Okay. So if Manufacturer A were ordering, you know, bulk product from Mallinckrodt and three other manufacturers, the quota form is going to show the total amount they had received from all of those other manufacturers?

Q. And did Mallinckrodt take any steps to ensure that those numbers were accurate?

Q. And ARCOS would tell you how much -- ARCOS would give you the amount of product that the manufacturer had obtained from Mallinckrodt. Would it also provide you with the information as to how much they had obtained from everyone else?

Q. And going over to the dosage side, what was the system in place on the dosage side to ensure that the quota system was being complied with?

Q. And did the 222 form also contain the total quota assigned to that distributor?

Q. So I guess going back to my question from the bulk side.

Q. With respect to the dosage side of the business, how did Mallinckrodt know that -- well, strike that. So let's take the following hypothetical: Distributor A has a quota from DEA for a hundred pills.

Q. It submits a 222 form to Mallinckrodt asking to buy ten pills. How does Mallinckrodt know that those ten pills don't exceed the hundred-pill quota?

Q. And do you know how DEA set the quotas?

Q. But you would agree that it's very important to comply with that quota system?

Q. So we previously spoke about diversion. Do you recall that?

Q. And is it your understanding that Mallinckrodt products were being diverted?

Q. Well, but you've seen news reports indicating that Mallinckrodt products have been diverted; is that fair?

Q. And do you recall what those news reports said?

Q. But your understanding from these news reports is that Mallinckrodt products were being diverted and they were being abused; is that fair?

Q. Are you familiar with the term "Ms"?

Q. Okay. What about "Mollies"?

Q. Okay. Are you familiar -- are you familiar with any terms or any references to Mallinckrodt products with respect to being street drugs?

Q. So given that Mallinckrodt products were being diverted and they were being abused, are there any additional steps, looking back in hindsight, that you feel Mallinckrodt should have taken?

Q. Let's start with dosage products and then we can go to bulk.

Q. And when you say "due diligence," what do you mean by that?

Q. And so it was very important to you that Mallinckrodt meet these DEA requirements?

Q. And this view was widely shared at the company; is that correct?

Q. How did you know that your suspicious order monitoring program was effective?

Q. And when you say you did not have one suspicious order while you were doing the job, what do you mean by that?

Q. And so when you say that you didn't have any suspicious orders, though, what do you mean -- what do you mean by that?

Q. And so I just want to make sure I understand what your testimony is. Are you saying that because none of your customers ever submitted a suspicious order to you, that your suspicious order monitoring program was effective?

Q. And when you say you "did not have a suspicious order," that means that you didn't identify any orders that were suspicious?

Q. And I guess my question is, I mean, you've indicated that you could explain all of your peculiar orders. How do you know that -- that your explanations were, in fact, correct?

Q. And the explanation you were getting, though, was ultimately being provided by the customer; is that accurate?

Q. So they would get the information from the customer --

Q. -- and relay it to you?

Q. Was there ever a circumstance why a customer lied to one of your sales reps?

Q. If the customer lied to your sales rep, then, in fact, the order would not be legitimate; is that correct?

Q. Are you familiar with the compensation scheme for your sales force?

Q. Do you know if their bonus was dependent in any way on the number of sales they made?

Q. Was the sales force's compensation based upon their strike that. Was the sales force's compensation in any way based upon their compliance with the DEA regulations?

Q. I would like to mark this as Exhibit 1. And actually this Exhibit 1 goes in connection with Exhibit 2, so I'm going to mark that as well. So. Mr. Rausch, I've handed you two exhibits. The first one is an e-mail chain and it bears the Bates number MNK-T1 273559. That's Exhibit 1. And then I've also provided you with an exhibit marked Exhibit 2. This is a letter from the DEA, and it's dated September 27, 2006, and it bears a Bates number MNK-T1 273563.

Q. Do you have both exhibits, sir?

Q. So directing your attention to the e-mail if the very top of the e-mail chain?

Q. On Exhibit 1.

Q. Do you see the second paragraph that says, "Please note that Vince Kaiman and I had a conversation"?

Q. Okay. And this is an e-mail from Karen Harper, but she's indicating that she shared a DEA letter with you. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And Exhibit 2 I believe is that letter.

Q. Yes. Could you look at that?

Q. Do you recall Karen Harper sharing this letter from you -- with you?

Q. Sure. But do you recall receiving this letter at some point?

Q. Okay. Do you recall ever reviewing a letter like this?

Q. And why did you review this letter?

Q. Absolutely.

Q. Yes. Actually, why don't you review that letter and let me know when you're ready.

Q. So directing your attention to the second page of this letter, it bears the Bates number 273564, do you see the third paragraph from the bottom? It starts, "Thus in addition."

Q. And can you read that paragraph into the record for me?

Q. Now, did you understand that that legal requirement also applied to Mallinckrodt as a manufacturer?

Q. Okay. And then do you see in the paragraph beneath that, it says, "A distributor may not simply rely on the fact that the person placing the suspicious order is a DEA registrant and turn a blind eye to the suspicious circumstances." Do you understand that to also require -- also apply to Mallinckrodt as a manufacturer?

Q. Okay. Then turning to page 3 of the memo. It says, "Circumstances that might be indicative of diversion." It identifies four -- four circumstances. Would you agree that those circumstances are ones that are indicative of diversion?

Q. And so if a distributor -- if a distributor's order fell within one of these four circumstances, you would agree that that is potentially a suspicious order, would you not?

Q. Then below that, there's -- there's a paragraph below that with ten questions. Do you see that?

Q. So the first question is: "What percentage of the pharmacy's business does dispensing controlled substances constitute?" Would you agree that that is important information to have and evaluate whether an order is suspicious?

Q. And then if you were to change this question so that it be what percentage of the distributor's business does dispensing controlled substances constitute, would you agree that that's important information for Mallinckrodt to have with respect to its customer?

Q. Okay. And so for number 2 it says: "Is the pharmacy compliant with the laws of every state in which it is dispensing controlled substances?" If you were to substitute, you know, one of Mallinckrodt's customers in for "pharmacy," would you agree that's important information for Mallinckrodt to have?

Q. Okay. So looking at these -- I guess the remaining ten questions, in an effort to try to truncate things, would you agree that all of these questions, as applied to Mallinckrodt's customers, are important information for Mallinckrodt to have in assessing whether an order is peculiar?

Q. Okay. Which ones would not apply?

Q. Yes, I think that would be helpful. So I have number 5 and then...

Q. And your basis for identifying these is because Mallinckrodt doesn't do business directly with pharmacies; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Does Mallinckrodt do business with retail pharmacies, though? For example, you know, CVS or Walgreens?

Q. With pharmacy chains?

Q. And so if a pharmacy chain fell into any one of these six categories, wouldn't that be of concern to Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. So, for example, if you had a retail pharmacy that was soliciting buyers of controlled substances via the Internet or is a pharmacy associated with the Internet that solicits orders for controlled substances, that would be of concern to Mallinckrodt, would it not?

Q. And modifying that question, if you were -- if one of your distributors was doing business with, for example, a pharmacy or an Internet site affiliated with the pharmacy offering to facilitate the acquisition of a prescription for a controlled substance from a practitioner with whom the buyer has no preexisting relationship, wouldn't that be of concern to you?

Q. Well, no, I'm sorry. Let me rephrase that. My question is now about the distributors' customers.

Q. So you've got a list here of ten essentially -- would it be fair to call these red flags?

Q. Okay. So you've got a question -- you've got a list here of ten red flags. If a distributor is doing business with a pharmacy that raises one or more red flags, wouldn't that be of concern to Mallinckrodt?

Q. And you said you're not monitoring them at this time.

Q. And do you know if --

Q. Well, I think so, but I want to make sure I understand what you're saying.

Q. So with respect to the bulk area, which is prior to 2007 -- which is prior to 2007 --

Q. This letter is dated 2006. You're saying that from -- from the standpoint of the bulk narcotics business --

Q. -- you were not looking at your customers' customer; is that accurate?

Q. But Mallinckrodt had the capability of monitoring your customers' customers, did it not?

Q. Did it have the ability to do so on the dosage side?

Q. Well, you indicated a customer service perspective. I guess I would ask the question --

Q. And when you say "resources," you're talking about you didn't have enough employees; you did not have enough staff?

Q. On the -- either on the dosage side or on the bulk side?

Q. Okay. So on the bulk side, you did not have -- you did not have the data that would allow you to know who your customers' customer was?

Q. Now, turning to the dosage side --

Q. Understood. But turning to the dosage side prior to 2007 --

Q. -- did Mallinckrodt -- are you aware -- well, strike that. Did Mallinckrodt have the ability to monitor its customers' customer?

Q. And when you say you're "not aware," is that -- strike that. You don't know one way or the other; is that fair?

Q. Would Cathy Stewart know?

Q. Okay. But in any event, Mallinckrodt was not monitoring its customers' customer on the dosage side prior to 2007?

Q. Would you agree, though, that from a standpoint of diversion control and diversion prevention, it would be helpful to know your customers' customer?

Q. Well, but I have a slightly different question, which is: You know a distributor is distributing to, let's say, Internet pharmacies that are just filling prescriptions, you know, over the Internet, it's soliciting orders over the Internet, and that's an area of concern, that's one of the red flags raised in this 2006 letter, is it not?

Q. Okay. So you've got a distributor and you know that distributor is doing business with those types of pharmacies; isn't that of concern to Mallinckrodt?

Q. Well, if Mallinckrodt, though, had the ability to monitor its customers' customer, would you --

Q. Hypothetically. If they had the ability to do that, would you agree that it would have been helpful to diversion control for them to do so?

Q. Okay. Do you believe it should have been required?

Q. So turning now -- I'm going to focus your attention on two other -- two more exhibits, and so I'm marking these in tandem as Exhibit 3 and as Exhibit 4. QUESTIONS BY MR. KAWIO4OTO:

Q. This is Exhibit 3 and it bears the Bates number MNK-T1 419874. And while I'm labeling things, I'm going to also label Exhibit 4. This is a DEA letter, and it bears a Bates number MNK-T1 421084.

Q. Actually, I just have a few quick questions on this cover e-mail.

Q. But it is an e-mail to -- from Karen Harper to Cathy Stewart. Do you see the second e-mail that's dated -- the second e-mail from the top dated March 12, 2008?

Q. It references attached information that Karen had sent to you and Michael Pheney. Who is Michael Pheney?

Q. And I believe the attachments on -- the attachment to this e-mail is this December 27, 2007 letter. So if I could -- well, do you recall Karen Harper sending you this -- this letter?

Q. Okay. Actually, I'm sorry, if you look at the very bottom of the page, there's an e-mail from Karen Harper dated January 4, 2008, and you are -- you are one of the cc's. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Do you recall Karen Harper sending you this e-mail?

Q. Do you have any reason to doubt that she sent you this e-mail?

Q. Okay. Could you please review the December 27, 2007 letter? I believe that's Exhibit 4.

Q. Okay. So do you recall reviewing this letter when you were employed by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. So directing your attention to the third paragraph from the top of the first page of the letter --

Q. -- it said, "The regulation also requires that the registrant inform the local DEA division office of suspicious orders when discovered by the registrant."

Q. "Filing a monthly report of completed transactions, e.g., an excessive purchase report or high unit purchases, does not meet the regulatory requirement to report suspicious orders. "Registrants are reminded that the responsibility does not end merely with the filing of a suspicious order report. Registrant must conduct an independent analysis of suspicious orders prior to completing a sale to determine whether the controlled substances are likely to be diverted from legitimate channels." Do you understand that language?

Q. And is that -- is that a correct statement of Mallinckrodt's responsibilities under the law?

Q. Okay. Further on down it states, "The regulation specifically states that suspicious orders include orders of an unusual size, orders deviating substantially from a normal pattern, and orders of an unusual frequency. These criteria are disjunctive and are not all inclusive." Do you see that?

Q. And do you understand what that means?

Q. And is that an accurate statement of what a suspicious order is?

Q. Okay. At the very bottom of that paragraph it says, "The size of an order alone, whether or not it deviates from a normal pattern, is enough to trigger the registrant's responsibility to report the order as suspicious. "The determination of whether an order is suspicious depends not only on the ordering patterns of the particular customer but also on the patterns of the registrant's customer base and the patterns throughout the relevant segment of the regulated industry." Do you see that statement?

Q. And do you agree with it?

Q. And so you understood this to be an accurate statement of Mallinckrodt's legal responsibilities with respect to suspicious orders?

Q. And this -- I guess you would call --

Q. So I take it -- and that's what I think you previously referred to as your enhanced suspicious order monitoring --

Q. -- program, your enhanced SOM program?

Q. And you would agree with me that that enhanced program was required to meet all of the requirements set forth in this letter, would you not?

Q. Okay. So this -- in other words, this was a floor, not a ceiling?

Q. Okay. But it was -- it was critically important to Mallinckrodt that its enhanced SOM program meet, at a minimum, the requirements in this letter?

Q. Okay. And so directing your attention to page 2, it says, "Registrants that rely on rigid formulas to define whether an order is suspicious may be failing to detect suspicious orders. For example, a system that identifies orders as suspicious only if the total amount of a controlled substance ordered during one month exceeds the amount ordered the previous month by a certain percentage or more is insufficient." And so what is your understanding of what that requirement is?

Q. Now, it also says that "Registrants that rely on rigid formulas to define whether an order is suspicious may be failing to detect suspicious orders."

Q. Okay. Doesn't this also tell you though that if all you're doing is relying on a rigid formula, on a numeric formula, that is also insufficient?

Q. Now, directing your attention back to Exhibit 2, do you have that in -- can you put that in front of you so that -- yeah, that would be the first DEA letter we looked at.

Q. And do you see on page 2, it's got -- under the "Circumstances that Might Be Indicative of Diversion," it's identifying four different issues?

Q. "Circumstances that Might Be Indicative of Diversion." I'm sorry, it's actually page 3 of the letter.

Q. You would agree that

Q. Well, we were looking at "Circumstances that Might Be Indicative of Diversion."

Q. And so you would agree that an adequate suspicious order monitoring program would take into account these four circumstances, would it not?

Q. I'm sorry.

Q. Well, isn't that what that -- well, reading the requirement it says, "Ordering a limited variety of controlled substances in quantities disproportionate to the quantity of noncontrolled medications ordered." So if a distributor was doing that from you, meaning all of the well, let me rephrase that. If a retail pharmacy was only ordering controlled substances from you in quantities disproportionate to the quantity of noncontrolled medications ordered, so we're talking a retail pharmacy here --

Q. -- wouldn't that be something your suspicious order monitoring program should pick up on?

Q. Well, I assume it would be other pharmaceuticals that were not, for example, Schedule II.

Q. Well, but you would agree that this is a circumstance that might be indicative of diversion, would you not?

Q. And given that and given that this is -- I mean, the DEA is flagging this as an issue that they are concerned about, wouldn't it be important for Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program, particularly its enhanced SOM program, to take this into account?

Q. But if a chain -- if a chain pharmacy is only ordering Schedule II substances from you, isn't that something that your program ought to have taken into account and registered?

Q. So page 2 of Exhibit 4, that's the 2007 DEA letter.

Q. Page 2.

Q. Yes. It says, "Lastly registrants that routinely report suspicious orders yet fill these orders without first determining that order is not being diverted into other than legitimate, medical, scientific and industrial channels may be failing to maintain effective controls against diversion." Now, I guess to use the Mallinckrodt terminology, I should be substituting in "peculiar orders"; is that fair?

Q. Okay. So registrants that routinely -- or, you know, registrants that routinely report peculiar orders yet fill those orders without first determining that order is not being diverted into other than legitimate, scientific and industrial channels may be failing to maintain effective controls against diversion. You would agree with that statement?

Q. Okay. So as part of Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program --

Q. -- it had to make sure that it did not report -- it did not identify peculiar orders and yet fill those orders without first determining that the order was not being diverted; is that correct?

Q. Well, let's focus on dosage products.

Q. And for dosage products --

Q. -- prior to 2007, it would have been improper for Mallinckrodt to identify a peculiar order and fill that order without first determining that the order was not being diverted into other than legitimate, medical, scientific and industrial channels; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And presumably in the post-2007 time period under your enhanced suspicious order monitoring program, it still would have been improper to fill an order without first investigating the order; is that correct?

Q. Okay. But nevertheless, from

Q. Okay. But as I -- as I understand this letter to be stating, and please correct me if you have a different interpretation, what it's saying is that if you identify a peculiar order, you should not ship that order without investigating whether the order is -- whether the order is being diverted; is that accurate?

Q. So with respect to both bulk and dosage products, now, with respect to both pre-2007 and post-2007, it would have been improper for Mallinckrodt to ship an order without first concluding an investigation -- well, strike that. It would have been improper for Mallinckrodt to ship a peculiar order without first concluding its investigation as to whether that order was not going to be diverted; is that accurate?

Q. So in certain circumstances then, Mallinckrodt would ship peculiar orders without completing its investigation as to whether that order might be diverted into other than legitimate, medical, scientific or industrial channels; is that correct?

Q. Did you ever inform DEA that you were doing this?

Q. But did you ever inform the Drug Enforcement Administration?

Q. Do you know if Karen Harper informed the Drug Enforcement Administration?

Q. So you have no basis to believe that the DEA felt that this was an acceptable practice?

Q. Did Karen Harper ever tell you that the DEA had signed off on this agreement?

Q. Okay. And when you say that you had an agreement with Karen Harper, what do you mean by that?

Q. Now, was this agreement memorialized in writing?

Q. Okay. Was this agreement memorialized in any formal policy put out by Mallinckrodt?

Q. So this agreement then would not be included in whatever written policy you had regarding your enhanced suspicious order monitoring program, would it?

Q. So, Mr. Rausch, directing you to Exhibit 4 again. It's a 2007 DEA letter. Do you have that in front of you?

Q. So looking on the back page on the top paragraph -- and we've discussed this briefly during the last session.

Q. Do you see the top paragraph where it says, "Registrants that rely on rigid formulas to define whether an order is suspicious may be failing to detect suspicious orders."

Q. And your interpretation of that requirement is that you couldn't just rely on the month before; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And so --

Q. And so it would be improper to just look at one month, but if you were to look at the past two months, that would be okay; is that your interpretation?

Q. I believe I understand that.

Q. I guess my question is so your -- your understanding of what it means not to rely on a rigid formula is that your formula shouldn't be time limited, essentially, to one month. Is that -- is that what you're indicating?

Q. And what is your basis for that interpretation?

Q. Well, let me -- go ahead.

Q. Well, let me phrase this another way. So you have three potential options. Option one is you would have -- you would base your SOM system on just look just comparing the current order to the previous month's order, and your understanding is that the DEA disapproved of that approach.

Q. The other approach would be, you know, what you did -- what Mallinckrodt did, which is to compare the current order to the average of the past 12 months on a rolling basis; is that accurate?

Q. Another approach would be in addition to looking at, you know -- in addition to comparing the current order to the prior 12-month order on a rolling basis, you could also look at other factors. For example, the factors identified in the 2006 letter. So, you know, what are -- what are they ordering relative -- how much -- or how much opioids are they ordering relative to other products? Is there -- is there a pattern with respect to, you know, how often that they are -- they are providing an order that would, for example, trigger the peculiar order threshold? Are they ordering excessive quantities of controlled substances in combination with, you know, an excessive quantities of lifestyle drugs? So you could have a suspicious order monitoring program that had both this formula in addition to other factors.

Q. And do you know -- is this the same system that was in place regarding dosage products for the prior -- the pre-2007 time period?

Q. Okay. And so if I understand your testimony, this formula, which was based on looking, comparing, the current order to the prior 12-month rolling period, that formula, was changed after 2007 when you took over the role of dosage products?

Q. Okay. And what was -- what was the change or how was it changed?

Q. And I'm sorry, when you were talking about the 50 versus a hundred tabs

Q. -- what you're referring to is --

Q. Tablet bottles. So ordering 50 tablet bottles from one family and then ordering a hundred tablet bottles from another family --

Q. So it was essentially looking at the number of -- it was taking into account the number of pills in the dosage

Q. -- as opposed to just --

Q. -- you know, how many pills --

Q. -- or how many bottles?

Q. Okay. So why don't we turn to I would like to mark as -- I believe we're up to Exhibit 5.

Q. Okay. And so I've marked as Exhibit 5, it's a PowerPoint. It's dated June 5, 2008. Because I've got it printed in native form, I'm going to read the Bates number into the record. So the Bates number for this is MNK-T1 2250046. So, Mr. Rausch, I would like you to quickly review this PowerPoint and let me know when you -- when you're done.

Q. So this is a PowerPoint dated June 5, 2008, and its entitled "Introductory Training for Field Sales." Have you seen this PowerPoint before?

Q. Okay. Did you help prepare this?

Q. Okay. But have you reviewed this before?

Q. And did you work with Karen Harper on preparing this?

Q. So turning to page 3 of the PowerPoint, it says, "Mallinckrodt's suspicious order procedure team."

Q. Do you see that page?

Q. Who is JoAnne Levy or Levy?

Q. So did everyone else report up to her?

Q. Okay. So at one time

Q. At one time she did report to JoAnne Levy or --

Q. And so in terms of compliance issues, the people that would have been involved with the compliance side of the program -- well, could you identify for the people -- for me the people on this team that would have been involved in the compliance issues?

Q. And who was responsible for making sure that the program and the policies complied with the DEA regulations and applicable law?

Q. Okay. Now, there are team advisors listed at the bottom of the page.

Q. Do you know what role they played?

Q. And so you indicated that their role was to enforce what the monitoring procedure. So they -- did they help develop them or -- sorry?

Q. And so the person that would have been responsible for making sure that the suspicious order monitoring program complied with the DEA requirements was Karen Harper?

Q. And so she would have been the one that spoke to the DEA about this program?

Q. Now, did --

Q. But if they had concerns, they would let Mallinckrodt know, wouldn't they?

Q. Did this team have team meetings?

Q. And did someone take notes at those meetings?

Q. Was there any type of secretary for these meetings?

Q. Did this team have any central files?

Q. And who was the team leader?

Q. So she would have been the one giving out assignments and making sure that they were completed; is that correct?

Q. And so -- well, strike that. Do you know when this team was first formed?

Q. And was this team in existence for your entire time between 2008 and 2013?

Q. And in fall of 2010, do you know who it was turned over to?

Q. And was she in a different group?

Q. What group was she in?

Q. So if you turn to the next page, page 4, it says, "DEA policy on suspicious orders."

Q. And one of the bullet points is, "Registrant is reminded that the responsibility does not end merely with the filing of suspicious order report."

Q. What does that mean to you?

Q. And so what are your additional responsibilities other than filing -- well, strike that. What are the responsibilities you have after filing your suspicious order report?

Q. And when did you become -- when did you -- when were you placed in charge of the dosage products?

Q. 2008. So --

Q. So would have been after this presentation, but --

Q. A couple months after?

Q. And so with respect to this bullet point and your responsibilities on the dosage side of Mallinckrodt's business, what additional responsibilities did you have other than filing the suspicious order report?

Q. No, on the dosage side.

Q. Well, this -- you've got a bullet point here that says, "Registrant is reminded that their responsibility does not end merely with the filing of suspicious order report."

Q. Understood. But this requirement would also have applied to you when you took over the dosage side of the business, correct?

Q. So what additional responsibilities -- after the new reporting system gets put in place --

Q. -- what additional responsibilities did you have other than filing the suspicious order report?

Q. And so well, so when did this enhanced SOM policy become effective?

Q. And so prior to 2009, what policy and procedures were in place regarding dosage products?

Q. And you -- did you have any policy or process in place to identify suspicious dosage orders between the fall of 2008 and the fall of 2009?

Q. So in -- let's say we're talking January of 2009 here.

Q. A manufacturer -- I'm sorry, a distributor for the dosage products submits an order that is, say, more than two times what it requested the prior month, that would not have been flagged for further review or investigation?

Q. And was there a threshold that was being applied, or how was the CSR to know that this was an unusual, large order?

Q. And so any order that was larger than the past sales history, or did it have to be larger by a certain amount?

Q. So I just want to make sure I understand the chronology here. So prior to 2008, for the dosage products, what was the formula that was applied to determine if there were -- if an order was suspicious or not?

Q. And that is they would look at the current month's report -- I'm sorry, they would look at the current order and compare it to the prior month?

Q. On a rolling 12-month basis. And what was the threshold that would trigger it being viewed as suspicious?

Q. Two times that. Okay. So prior to 2008, on the dosage -- sorry.

Q. Understood. But to the best of your knowledge, prior to 2008, the formula that was in place regarding dosage products was that you looked at the current order and compared it to the 12-month rolling average, and if that order was more than two times the 12-month rolling average, that would be flagged as a peculiar order?

Q. And then in 2000 -- late 2008, when you assumed control of the dosage products

Q. After the program was --

Q. -- was put in place, but before the new formula was developed, you didn't have a formula in place at all?

Q. So you just got rid of the -- you no longer looked at the comparison between the current order and the 12-month rolling -- the two month -- I'm sorry?

Q. Well, I understand that the DEA had asked -- had asked you to discontinue sending them the report. But did they also tell you that you didn't need to look at that data anymore?

Q. But nevertheless, that -- that formula was discontinued, and until fall of 2009, nothing replaced it; is that correct?

Q. So between the fall of 2008 and the fall of 2009, your regulatory system was -- well, strike that. Between the fall of 2008 and the fall of 2009, the only regulatory -- the only regulatory requirement that you had in place to guard against diversion for dosage products was the 222 forms?

Q. But nevertheless, if you were to compare January of 2008 with January of 2009, the regulatory requirements in effect on January of 2009 would be less than the regulatory effects in January of -- than the regulatory requirements for January of 2008, that's correct?

Q. So, Mr. Rausch, in terms of the bulk product side of the business, in 2007, were you aware that Purdue pleaded guilty with respect to its opioid business in federal court?

Q. So were you aware that the government was conducting an investigation into Purdue?

Q. Okay. And you don't have any knowledge or awareness or any recollection of the fact that, for example, the Purdue general counsel entered a guilty plea in connection with that investigation?

Q. Now, in terms of screening your customers on the bulk side of the business, is that information that you would take -- you would have wanted to take into account in determining whether or not to ship your products to them?

Q. I don't believe there was a license suspension. I think it was a -- it was a criminal indictment relating to their to aspects of their business.

Q. Well, is this information -- in terms of screening your customers -- well, strike that. You would agree that it is important for Mallinckrodt to screen its customers?

Q. And part of that screening should involve taking into account, you know, whether they have any regulatory violations, whether there are any pending investigations, by the DOJ, the DOA or a state Attorney General; is that fair?

Q. So was the -- was the license suspension the only reason Mallinckrodt would stop shipping products to a customer?

Q. And do you have any -- do you recall -- strike that. Do you have any recollection of Karen asking you to stop shipment for someone for a reason other than a license suspension?

Q. So I would like to mark this as Exhibit 6. And it is -- it bears the Bates number MNK-11 419993. It's Exhibit 6. So, Mr. Rausch, have you seen this document before?

Q. And this is a DEA compliance procedure, controlled substance suspicious order monitoring, and it says, "Revision number draft 3, published 6/02/2008."

Q. So would this document have been prepared in connection with the suspicious order monitoring team and your enhanced SOM?

Q. Okay. And do you know if this document was ever finalized?

Q. Was there a written document that memorialized Mallinckrodt's enhanced suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. So if I were to -- let's say in 2014, if I were to be hired by Mallinckrodt to oversee its enhanced suspicious order monitoring program with respect to dosage products and I were to ask to see what the policy was, what would you -- what would you give to me?

Q. Well, fair enough. In 2013, if I'm coming in as your replacement --

Q. -- to oversee the dosage products, and I ask -- and my responsibility is to oversee --

Q. -- the enhanced suspicious order monitoring program, what document would you have provided to me?

Q. Okay. So turning to page 2 of this -- of this draft policy?

Q. Do you see the section entitled "Credit Department"?

Q. And it says, "Performs Dun & Bradstreet and/or other information checks on new controlled substance customers to determine credit worthiness." Was this part of the enhanced SOM program for dosage products?

Q. And I guess in terms of sort of overall what I'm trying to accomplish, I'm trying to understand whether or not these components made it into the final version of the enhanced SOM program. So with respect to the enhanced SOM program or the final version, would the credit department have performed a Dun & Bradstreet --

Q. -- check?

Q. And what was the purpose of performing that review or asking Dun & Bradstreet to perform that review?

Q. So this would have addressed the concern -- I mean, the concern that Mallinckrodt had about the financial solvency of the institution --

Q. -- and presumably whether it would be able to pay any debts it owed to Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Would this have helped prevent diversion in any way?

Q. When you say "two or three," what do you mean?

Q. Okay. So just so I'm clear, Dun & Bradstreet was not related to diversion control?

Q. Okay. And so Section 2 is -- refers to the new account customer DEA compliance of the new account has no historical or financial information available or if the data shows liens, lawsuits or other information which might raise suspicions to the legitimacy of the new account company. And how does that help prevent -- or how does that assist in diversion control?

Q. And so the credit -- well, you indicated that part of your responsibilities was you identified -- part of your responsibilities under the enhanced SOM program is that you would identify peculiar orders or they would be identified to you on

Q. And then you would then take that order and interact with various people in the sales department to determine if there was a basis for that order; is that correct?

Q. Did you ever interact with the credit department to determine if there was a basis for the order?

Q. And was there any effort made to update this information?

Q. Okay. And this was this was all being -- this was being done in connection with --

Q. Okay. But credit didn't have any role in reviewing individual orders?

Q. Okay. Now, the next section is on field sales. And by "field sales," I assume we're referring to the -- the salespeople in the field?

Q. Okay. It says, "Completes site survey checklist for new controlled substance customers," and then "conducts an on-site visit, including taking photographs inside and out for review by security director and DEA compliance manager."

Q. Do you know what the purpose of the on-site visit and the photographs were?

Q. And your -- this requirement applies to Mallinckrodt's customers, correct?

Q. Would it be your expectation that the distributors would be doing something similar for their customers?

Q. From a standpoint of diversion control, do you think it would be important for a distributor to do this?

Q. Well, I understand that you -- sorry.

Q. Now, for the customer service representatives, they break this up into bulk narcotics and dosage customer service reps. Do you see that?

Q. And so you would have been responsible for the dosage customer service representative section; is that fair?

Q. Okay. And on the top of well, at the bottom of page 2 of 5 and going on to page 3 of 5, do you see, "Dosage customer service representatives will perform the following activities"?

Q. At the bottom of page 2 of 5. So at the bottom of 41994. Under "Dosage Customer Service Representatives."

Q. No, I'm sorry, page 2 of 5.

Q. Under the "dosage." So beneath "bulk."

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. So page 2 would be this section right here.

Q. So it says, "Dosage customer service representatives."

Q. Okay. And it has -- it lists various requirements that start on page 2 and follow on to page 3. Do you see that?

Q. Yes, please.

Q. And so -- and that's part of why I'm asking these questions. I want to see if these -- if these responsibilities were transferred or were put into the final policy.

Q. But the first one is, "Verify that the customer has a valid DEA registration certificate." I assume that was part of the final policy?

Q. Okay. Then it also says, "Ensure that the customer has provided a properly executed DEA 222 form for C-I and C-II substances."

Q. Was that part of the final policy?

Q. And then it also says, "Flag orders that deviate from the norms in terms of quantity order, frequency of order and/or pattern of normal order placement. CSRs will evaluate the circumstances of the order. This evaluation should be based on their knowledge of the specific customer and the industry in which the customer operates, and should the circumstances deviate from the norm, upon completion of the order, place same on hold and notify security and customer service manager."

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Was that part of the final policy?

Q. And how was the CSR to determine whether something was different from normal?

Q. I'm sorry. Go ahead.

Q. And so was this --

Q. And that program in place to flag orders, that was what was activated in the fall of 2009?

Q. So with respect to the ability of the CSR to identify orders that they think are peculiar, were there standards they were supposed to apply in that respect?

Q. And how many different CSRs did you have?

Q. So you have five CSRs.

Q. Okay. And the CSRs were part of the sales team, were they not?

Q. Yeah. And so how were the CSRs compensated?

Q. So they didn't have a bonus program; it was just a salary?

Q. Okay. And in terms of the factors that a CSR was to consider in determining whether an order was peculiar, was there a list of factors?

Q. Let me rephrase that question. So as I understand it, the CSR had the ability to flag an order that he or she believed was peculiar or unusual; is that fair?

Q. Okay. And in terms of assessing whether an order was peculiar or unusual, was there a set of -- was there a written standard that they were supposed to apply or a set of factors they were supposed to look to?

Q. And in terms of past order history, what we're talking about is just looking at whatever whatever they had -- whatever they had ordered previously?

Q. And was there any threshold that was applied in terms of, you know, an order X percentage above the prior history would be viewed as peculiar, or was it really left up to the CSR?

Q. And did you have any program in place to audit the CSRs to make sure that they were -- they were accurately picking up on suspicious orders?

Q. Were CSRs evaluated on their ability to properly identify suspicious orders?

Q. Well, let me -- let me rephrase that question. The CSRs were subject to an annual review process, correct?

Q. Was part of this annual review process a review of, you know, whether they accurately identified suspicious orders?

Q. So do you have any way of ascertaining whether or not the CSRs successfully identified suspicious orders?

Q. Mallinckrodt had a number of different distributors that it did business with, correct?

Q. Do you know if any of these distributors ever had their licenses revoked by the DEA?

Q. Well, based on your -- your reading or your viewing of news reports, are you aware of distributors that appear to have been abusing the system?

Q. Well, in 2008 up till 2017.

Q. Okay. And, you know, is it fair to say that these distributors were not properly applying whatever standards they were supposed to prevent diversion?

Q. So you can answer.

Q. Was it consistent with your understanding of Mallinckrodt's responsibilities with respect to the DEA rules and regulations that Mallinckrodt could rely on the distributors to do their job to stop diversion, or were you independently responsible for preventing suspicious orders?

Q. And so if your customers were improperly distributing Mallinckrodt products, then these Mallinckrodt products would contribute to the diversion crisis, wouldn't they?

Q. Well, it's more than possible; it's likely, sir, isn't it?

Q. So going back to this document, I think it's Exhibit 6 --

Q. Yes. We were looking at page --

Q. -- 3 of 5.

Q. In terms of -- there's a paragraph here that says, "If the dosage customer service representatives are contacted by a new customer asking that a account be set up and the interview process yields questionable results, the CSR will obtain the following information from the customer and forward that information in an e-mail to the director of security as well as the customer service manager." Do you see that?

Q. And was that part of the enhanced SOM program?

Q. And do you recall this ever occurring?

Q. Okay. But do you recall any instances where the director of security declined to set up an account because of concerns about the interview process?

Q. And this -- this -- this paragraph references both the director of the security as well as the customer service manager.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And that would have been you for dosage products in the 2008 to 2013 time period?

Q. Okay. Do you recall ever receiving reports from the customers -- from customer service representatives about questionable customers?

Q. And so during the five years that you were the customer service manager for dosage products, you don't recall ever receiving a customer service report recommending that an account not be set up; is that fair?

Q. Okay. So going down to the next section, which is "Customer Service Manager."

Q. It says -- well, actually, can you review that section?

Q. So it references a peculiar order daily report. Was this part of the enhanced SOM program?

Q. Okay. So did you -- did you ultimately receive a report of suspicious orders?

Q. Finalized the program?

Q. In what way was that report different than the peculiar order daily report that's described here?

Q. Okay. And what was the additional information that was used?

Q. Okay. And going back to the family point that you had.

Q. Is this a difference between looking at orders on a SKU basis versus an API basis? Is that one way to think of this?

Q. And so what is an API?

Q. And what is --

Q. I believe I understand. I guess -- well, let me ask you this.

Q. And so what is the -- what is the diversion benefit of looking at the API as opposed to the SKU? Or let me rephrase that. What is the concern you have with respect to looking at a SKU that is fixed if you look at the API? That's what I'm trying to understand.

Q. Well, I'm still trying to understand this. I guess let me -- let me ask it this way then.

Q. What is -- what is the problem by just looking at the prior order history on

Q. How could you game the system if it was based on a SKU basis as opposed to the API basis?

Q. Okay. I think I understand. And would it solve this problem if you were to look at it on a SKU-by-SKU basis or --

Q. Actually, I'll withdraw that question. I think I understand what you're getting at. Okay. And so other than looking at essentially -- well, strike that. So with respect to the peculiar order report that you were receiving, in addition to the information regarding size, frequency and order pattern, it also took into account the family of drugs, I guess, or they looked at things on an API basis.

Q. Were there other factors as well?

Q. Now, do you see the reference to a do-not-ship list?

Q. Was that part of the enhanced SOM program?

Q. So this -- this do-not-ship list was entirely dependent on the DEA saying, "Don't ship to this person"; is that fair?

Q. And so --

Q. So just so I understand, there are two ways to get on this list: One of them would be the DEA would put them on the list.

Q. The other way would be Mallinckrodt would independently determine based on the orders they're submitting that they -- that they are -- you know, their orders are problematic or that there are diversion concerns --

Q. -- and put them on this list.

Q. Okay. Who maintained this list?

Q. Okay. Do you recall how many entities were put on this list in the 2008 through 2013 time period?

Q. So is it fair to say then that no one was on this do-not-ship list?

Q. Okay. So the only entities that were put on this list then were from DEA?

Q. Then do you see at the very bottom of the page --

Q. Yeah, proposed preliminary dosage formula, and then it follows on the following page as to what that formula is.

Q. And so --

Q. So does this -- is this formula an accurate depiction of the formula that was applied to dosage products for the 2008 through 2013 time period?

Q. Sorry, my apologies.

Q. From fall of 2009 until 2013, is this the formula that was applied to dosage products?

Q. So looking at the end program --

Q. -- what was the formula applied to dosage products from fall of 2009 through 2013? Can you tell me

Q. Yes, what was the formula.

Q. So for --

Q. Well --

Q. Sorry.

Q. Well, if we look at the pre-2007 formula, it was looking at -- it was taking the current order and comparing it to the rolling 12-month --

Q. I'll strike that. It was taking the current -- it was taking the current order and comparing it to the rolling 12-month average times two; is that accurate?

Q. And so this new formula was comparing the current order to a rolling 12-month average times two, isn't that the factor for -- if there's a factor that says -- it says factor Schedule II controlled substances?

Q. Well, looking -- I'm trying to understand the difference between the pre-2007 formula, which was for dosage products a rolling 12-month average times two --

Q. -- and the formula under the enhanced SOM program.

Q. And in terms of how this formula was well, strike that. How was this formula applied to Mallinckrodt orders?

Q. And how would it -- how would -- how would the program tell whether an order did not fit the normal order pattern?

Q. But what -- I mean, what specifically was this formula supposed to take into account? What specifically was the formula looking for in determining what a normal order pattern was and what a deviation from that was?

Q. And where -- was this formula written down somewhere?

Q. Okay. And did you work with anyone in particular in the information services team?

Q. And did you write up this document, or did someone else write it?

Q. Do you -- and you don't recall who?

Q. Okay. And what -- you referenced an IS computer system. Did that system have a name?

Q. So the order entry system, was that the JD Edwards system?

Q. And so as part of the computer code in this JD Edwards system, you would have this formula that got applied to all of the orders?

Q. Okay. And so if an order wasn't flagged by application of this algorithm, that order didn't get examined or looked at; is that correct?

Q. Okay. So if your -- if your algorithm was faulty or had a gap or was missing something, then, you know, potentially orders that were problematic could get through; is that fair?

Q. In other words, your suspicious order -- your enhanced suspicious order monitoring program was, you know, only as good or as bad as this algorithm was; is that fair?

Q. And who was -- other than you, who helped develop this algorithm?

Q. And do you recall a memo ever being drafted that would lay out this algorithm and how it worked, or was it just computer code that was put into the computer program?

Q. And do you recall -- did this form have a name?

Q. Okay. So I would like to mark as Exhibit 7 another document. It bears a Bates number MNK-Tl 477900. So if you could take a minute to review this document and let me know when you're done. And I have -- I mean, it's a relatively lengthy document, so I have, you know, specific questions relating to certain portions of it.

Q. No. Have you read the first half?

Q. So have you ever seen this document before?

Q. Okay. Now, is my understanding correct that this document is, to some extent, a chronology or a timeline of the development of the enhanced suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Okay. And at the very top it says, "Activities 08/2008 through 08/2010." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And the suspicious -- the enhanced suspicious order monitoring program with its revised algorithm launched in the fall of 2009; is that correct?

Q. Actually, I don't. I'm sorry.

Q. Essentially like a consultant; is that fair?

Q. And did she have a -- did she have a Mallinckrodt e-mail, a Mallinckrodt account?

Q. Do you know if she had an office at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And she would have been the person

Q. And so she would likely have the document that set out what the exact algorithm was?

Q. Okay. And that person would likely have the -- not only the enhanced suspicious order monitoring algorithm as of 2009, but all the variations of it up until present; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Okay. So directing your attention to page 2 of this timeline.

Q. Do you see there's an entry involving you, it's 03/02/2009?

Q. And it says, "Jim Rausch continues work with IS to define the criteria of what would be a peculiar order and how to determine programmatic flags for detection." Is that accurate?

Q. And then it says, "CSR managers," that would have been you and Cathy?

Q. The entry below that?

Q. "The CSR managers begin review of customer segmentation categories within the order entry system to determine if separate algorithms to define peculiar order patterns will be necessary based on a class of trade."

Q. Do you know what the final determination of that was?

Q. So this means that you would have separate algorithms depending on the class of customer?

Q. Okay. But within the dosage algorithm --

Q. -- it was not further subdivided into different classes of customers?

Q. So you had one -- you had one -- for dosage products, you had one algorithm that was applied to wholesalers, distributors, retail pharmacies?

Q. The same algorithm?

Q. Okay. And then do you see 6/29/2009, it says, "Revised customer questionnaires are submitted to legal that have been updated based upon CSR focus group meetings Jim Rausch and Cathy Stewart conducted with CSRs"?

Q. What is that in reference to?

Q. And so are you not sure whether it was ultimately ever sent out?

Q. And it says, "CSR focus group meetings." What -- do you recall what the focus group meetings were?

Q. Okay. Now, it says 7/2009, "CDIG begin sending out SM customer questionnaires." What is "CDIG"?

Q. And you don't know whether they sent out revised questionnaires or the old questionnaires?

Q. Okay. Now, do you see at the top of page 3 it says, "Work continues with IS on algorithms."

Q. "E-mail follows from Cathy Stewart."

Q. And can you review that e-mail for me?

Q. Well, the top line says, "work continues with IS on algorithms, e-mail follows from Cathy Stewart."

Q. And it -- that seems to indicate that Cathy Stewart is saying --

Q. Okay. And then -- well, do you see the paragraph in the middle of the page that starts with, "This was -- this was we can see that this customer"? Do you see that?

Q. And then it's below the -- what appears to be both months and, I guess, hypothetical orders. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So what -- what is Cathy's concern?

Q. In other words, it would be possible over time to actually have a significant increase in the monthly order that wouldn't be triggered by the algorithm; is that fair?

Q. And so how was this concern addressed?

Q. Okay. And so it was possible that it -- was it possible that it wasn't addressed?

Q. Okay. Do you know --

Q. Do you know if anyone else raised a similar concern, namely that you could have gradual increases that over time result in a significant increase that wouldn't be caught?

Q. Yeah, do you know if this concern was raised by anyone else?

Q. But -- but you're not aware of -- you're not aware of what fix, if any, was applied to address this concern?

Q. So if we could return to the document that you were just looking at, I believe it is Exhibit 7.

Q. Okay? Now, you had -- we were discussing the gradual increase in orders over time, and you had indicated that's something that Cathy Stewart would be knowledgeable about in the dosage area.

Q. With respect to the bulk area, which was your area of expertise, wouldn't that same problem also apply?

Q. And so how was that addressed in the bulk context?

Q. Well, how -- how would one fix this problem?

Q. Yes. I mean, hypothetically, how would you fix a problem? I mean, if you have a numeric formula that's based on looking at a current order and then comparing it to sort of prior order history, I mean, how would you -- how would you modify the formula to address that problem?

Q. But mathematically speaking, what -- I mean, what would you do? Because, I mean, you're already basing that formula on an average, aren't you?

Q. Well, I mean, isn't the only way to decrease the two times -- so instead of looking at two times, you would look at, for example, 1.5?

Q. Well, what -- what -- what is the other approach that you're --

Q. And in terms of the average, though, you would -- so you would -- you would try to shorten the average period -- I'm just trying to understand how modifying the average --

Q. Okay. And to be clear, you're not even sure that this problem was addressed, are you?

Q. So turning to page 4, at the very top it says, "Work continues with IS peculiar order report being generated based upon algorithm settings that's 49 pages long." Do you see that?

Q. So how long was the peculiar order report that you ultimately ended up reviewing after the program went live in fall of 2009?

Q. And that's 10 or 15 pages?

Q. And how many orders would be on that report?

Q. So anywhere from 25 to 50 orders; is that fair?

Q. And who was responsible for investigating and determining whether there was a valid business -- well, strike that. What did you do with those 25 or 50 orders that would show up on your report on a daily basis?

Q. And were you doing all 25 to 50 orders, or was someone else also doing orders for you?

Q. So you were the only one essentially doing it?

Q. And roughly how long did it take you? What's your -- well, strike that. What's your recollection as to how long it took you?

Q. And so what's the maximum that you could review, the maximum number of orders that you could review at any day?

Q. Well, I mean, would it be possible for you to review 200 orders?

Q. Was there anyone else at the company other than you that could review these orders?

Q. But as a general matter, it was just you reviewing these orders?

Q. And did you have other job responsibilities in addition to reviewing these orders?

Q. What were they?

Q. Well, it was -- if it was primary in the morning and the afternoon --

Q. Okay. And so did they come out twice daily?

Q. And if this was primary for the morning and this was primary for the afternoon --

Q. Yes. When did you have time to get your other work done?

Q. Sure. If this was your primary task in the morning and your primary task in the afternoon -- I mean, the working day is generally just divided into morning and afternoon --

Q. -- so --

Q. And so do you see the entry, that 10/27/09, "peculiar order report being generated based on algorithm is 150 dosage orders per day and 170 bulk API orders per day"?

Q. Okay. Would it have been possible for you to review 150 dosage orders per day?

Q. And what is your basis for saying that it was kicking out orders that shouldn't have been kicked out? Well, let me rephrase that. What are examples of orders that were being kicked out that shouldn't have been?

Q. And what is the 30-day cumulative algorithm? Do you know what that is?

Q. Now, from this entry, it indicates that the 30-day cumulative algorithm was not spelled out in HDMA guidance. But that's not the same thing as saying that this algorithm wasn't going to provide valuable information on peculiar orders, is it?

Q. Okay. Was there any analysis done on the impact of removing the 30-day cumulative algorithm with respect to the orders that were no longer being kicked out?

Q. So with respect to this 30-day cumulative algorithm --

Q. -- when you have it -- when you have it turned on, it is kicking out, you know, some amount of orders. Or I guess to put it more accurately, it's flagging a certain amount of orders as peculiar; is that correct?

Q. And then when you remove this, when you turn it off, those orders are no longer flagged as peculiar; is that right?

Q. Was any analysis ever done to, you know, verify or confirm that those orders were in fact not peculiar?

Q. If that analysis were done, who would have it?

Q. Now, as a practical matter, you can't review 150 orders per day, correct?

Q. And so if you had a program that were -- that was identifying 150 orders, just as a matter of resources, you would have to tweak that; isn't that correct?

Q. But part of what you were looking at in terms of designing this system was its ability to function given the resources that were assigned to it; is that fair?

Q. Well, with respect to, for example, this 30-day cumulative algorithm, no one ever went back and actually reviewed the orders that were no longer being kicked out because the algorithm was turned off?

Q. Do you feel that analysis should have been done before turning it off?

Q. And you don't know who would have done that analysis or how it would have been memorialized?

Q. Then do you see down it says the entry is 4/30/2010?

Q. It says, "Peculiar order calculation change from two times factor to three times factor."

Q. Is that consistent with your recollection of how the algorithm was modified?

Q. Okay. What was the basis for changing it from two times to three times?

Q. I believe that's what you said.

Q. And -- well, why three times instead of 2.5 times or 4 times?

Q. And so sort of going back to a previous question that I've asked.

Q. With respect to the change from two times to three times, you know, presumably there are now orders that are -- that would have been kicked out under the two times that were not kicked out under three times; is that correct?

Q. Was there ever a trial run or an analysis done to confirm that those orders were not in fact peculiar?

Q. Yes, on the ones that were no longer kicked out because of this programmatic change.

Q. Okay. But you believe that is an analysis that should have been done; is that correct?

Q. Now, one of the things about increasing the factor from two times to three times is that it does -- it does -- well, strike that. Do you recall Ms. Stewart's concern about a gradual -- gradual increases that was referenced on page 3 of this document?

Q. Okay. So when you go from a two times to a three times factor, that is going to increase that concern or that risk, isn't it?

Q. Okay. And so in this regard, with respect to this risk, meaning a gradual increase over time, this calculation is now less protective than it would have been if it were two times?

Q. Well, by --

Q. By changing the formula from 2 X to 3 X?

Q. Yes. And it would -- it would -- I mean, well, one of the effects is that it decreased the number of orders you were reviewing, yes?

Q. Do you recall how much of a decrease this was?

Q. Now, you indicated in your prior answer that -- well, strike that. Is it fair to say that part of the reason Mallinckrodt was comfortable making this change from 2 X to 3 X is because, as you indicated, the distributors have their own programs for suspicious orders?

Q. What did you do to -- well, what did Mallinckrodt do to satisfy -- satisfy itself that the distributors were implementing adequate SOM programs?

Q. Now, if I could direct your attention to page 7 of this memo, you see at the very bottom of the page it says, "Action plan"?

Q. And in the middle of that paragraph at the very bottom it says, "The team believes the suspicious order monitoring program can be further enhanced by analyzing chargeback data for indirect customers and direct sales information available within existing systems." Do you see that?

Q. Do you know if the suspicious order monitoring program was ever modified to take -- to analyze chargeback data?

Q. And do you recall when in 2010 this occurred?

Q. And so were you still involved in the suspicious order monitoring program at that point?

Q. So what you had previously described about how you would get 50 orders and then you would contact the --

Q. -- sales reps, that was no longer your responsibility?

Q. Okay. And do you know who in this other group it was turned over to?

Q. Okay. And do you know what procedure or process she followed?

Q. Do you know if she continued to review these reports on a daily basis?

Q. And she continued to communicate with the sales reps?

Q. And you indicated that --

Q. And do you know how she used the chargeback data?

Q. Now, prior to 2010, did you have access to the chargeback data?

Q. Well, how old is the chargeback system?

Q. So in 2008 and 2009, you had chargeback data; is that correct?

Q. And so in -- so in theory, one could have used this chargeback data, you know, in 2007 or 2008 or 2009?

Q. So it's not as if Mallinckrodt was collecting now data starting in 2010; it was that it was using the data it had?

Q. So I'm marking another exhibit. It is Exhibit 8.

Q. Yes, we're done with that one. And this has Bates number MNK-11 264431.

Q. Okay. Now, just as a matter of chronology, the enhanced -- the enhanced SOM program came online in 2000 -- in the fall of 2009?

Q. And in fall of 2010, your SOM responsibilities were transferred to Tiffany?

Q. So you oversaw the enhanced SOM program for dosage products for one year?

Q. Okay. This document, it's Bates-numbered MNK-10-1 264431 {sic}, and it purports to describe the peculiar order process.

Q. Based on your review, does this accurately describe what Mallinckrodt's peculiar order process was from fall of 2009 to fall of 2010?

Q. Okay. And then you'll note that someone --

Q. Okay. And you'll see how the -- in the peculiar order criteria, the 2 has been crossed out and someone has substituted 3 in there.

Q. So this would suggest that this document was -- would have been prepared sometime in 2010, because that's when that decision was made?

Q. Okay. Now, it says, "New customers for dosage. Dosage will manually establish the threshold limit." What -- what is the threshold limit?

Q. And when you say "customer class," what do you mean by that?

Q. So distributor verse wholesaler verse chain pharmacy, are those the different classes?

Q. And the threshold limit is essentially -- it's the base that the algorithm would compare the current order to sort of the historic baseline; is that accurate?

Q. So for the threshold -- well, strike that. So one of the problems could be if your threshold limit were set too high, then, you know, orders that should be tagged as peculiar would not be; is that fair?

Q. All right. Now, you indicated that the threshold limit was set based on the average of all of the distributors.

Q. And for the distributors, was this -- was this average set on an industry-wide assessment of distributors, or was it just Mallinckrodt's distributor customers?

Q. Okay. Now, distributors varied in size and geographic scope, didn't they?

Q. Okay. So it sounds like you had distributor subclasses, essentially?

Q. Okay. So I'd like to mark as Exhibit 9 the following document, and this has a Bates number MNK-Tl 269399.

Q. Okay. So this is a memo dated November 2, 2010, to Karen Harper from Howard Davis.

Q. Do you know who Howard Davis is?

Q. Okay. And did you ever work with Howard Davis on anything while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Do you know anything about Howard Davis other than he was with the DEA?

Q. Okay. So in this memo he states -- well, let's start with the second full paragraph.

Q. He states, "Federal register notices published as early as 2007 state specifically that using formulas that rely on percentages or averages over time has been determined by the DEA to be insufficient." Do you agree with that statement?

Q. Then skipping to the paragraph below that, it says, "An order must not be processed and filled if it's either suspicious or excessive. The existing SOP excels to meet this requirement through a specific evaluation process; however, the numeric formula is problematic. For example, should an occasion arise where an order is three times over the historical average for that customer, an item, or in a situation where the order meets but does not exceed the three times criteria, it would theoretically be filled through normal processing without question -- without further question. In doing so in certain cases and as noted in recent immediate suspensions of other large-scale DEA registrants, which are all a matter of public record, Mallinckrodt would be unnecessarily exposing itself to potential liability." Do you see that paragraph?

Q. Do you agree with that statement?

Q. Well, and do you agree with his assessment?

Q. Did you know that Karen Harper talked to Howard Davis about the 2 X to 3 X change?

Q. Okay. If you had known that Howard Davis had concerns about this 3 X change, would it have -- well, strike that. Did you support the change from 2 X to 3 X?

Q. If you had known that Howard Davis had concerns about changing it from 2 X to 3 X, would that have mattered to your support?

Q. Okay. And how would it have mattered?

Q. Okay. Now, turning to the second page, it says, "Numeric formulas do not identify circumstances that might be indicative of diversion, such as ordering larger quantities of a limited variety regularly that would not otherwise be viewed as suspicious, like ordering controlled substances with few, if any, other drugs or products, whether controlled or noncontrolled, ordering highly abused controlled substances in limited quantities disproportionate to other orders, or even ordering the same controlled substances from multiple suppliers." Do you see that?

Q. And do you agree that these are all problems with numeric formulas?

Q. Okay. And directing your attention to Exhibit 2, so if you go back to the start of the dep, which was that 2006 DEA letter, these are the factors that the DEA identified in that letter, aren't they?

Q. I'm sorry, let me pull that out. Yes. If you look at Exhibit 2, on page 3, Bates number 273565, it's the circumstances that might be indicative of diversion, and it lists out four different things.

Q. Okay. So these four things match up to the concerns that Howard is expressing?

Q. And the DEA expressed these concerns in 2006, didn't they?

Q. Okay. Then underneath that there's another paragraph that says, "The DEA registrant population as a whole is now required to consider the totality of the circumstances when evaluating an order prior to it being filled." Do you under -- do you agree with that statement?

Q. Okay. And underneath that, skipping further down, it says, "While not all-inclusive, recommended customer inquiries may include such factors as," and then this lists one, two, three, four, five, six, seven eight, nine -- nine different bullet points. Do you see those?

Q. And do you agree that all of these should be recommended customer inquiries?

Q. Okay. So do you agree that this is all information that should be taken into account?

Q. Okay. And so if Mallinckrodt's SOM program was not taking into account this information, you would view that as problematic, would you not?

Q. Do you know if any attempt was made to verify the information that the customers were providing in this regard?

Q. Okay. Should that information have been verified given its importance?

Q. Now, this document also has an attachment which I'm going to mark as Exhibit 10, and the Bates number for this attachment is MNK-T1 269401. Now, actually, I'm sorry, if I could interrupt you briefly. So going back to Exhibit 9, this memorandum.

Q. Do you know what steps, if any, were taken to address Mr. Davis' concerns?

Q. But you don't know if anything was actually done to modify the enhanced SOM program to respond to Mr. Davis' concerns?

Q. Okay. Okay. So can you -- can you review the MNK -- well, I'm sorry, can you review Exhibit 10? And I don't have detailed questions on all of it, but I do have some questions for you on this document.

Q. Well, this was an attachment to the Howard Davis memo, so it would presumably have the same date as the memo.

Q. So November of 2010.

Q. Well, actually, if you look back at Exhibit 10 {sic}, the very bottom of the memo, Mr. Davis says, "I recommend the immediate revision of SOP number CS COMP 3.0 to include additional definitive criteria as noted above." And then further down he says, "The new draft SOP entitled 'Due Diligence Procedures and Monitoring of Controlled Substances Sales' is included for consideration."

Q. And that's what this document is.

Q. And if it helps your review, my questions relate to sections 4, 5, 7, 8 and 9 of the memo.

Q. So did you want to review some more, or should I just ask you questions?

Q. Okay. So Section 4 is an affidavit requirement.

Q. Well, no, that is something I wanted to clarify with you.

Q. So Howard Davis is a -- I believe he is a former DEA personnel.

Q. And he was working as a consultant for Mallinckrodt.

Q. I'm not -- I'm not positive exactly what his status was.

Q. But apparently Ms. Harper asked him to review the S -- CS COMP 3.0 procedure, and he prepared her this memo --

Q. -- with these recommendations.

Q. So I guess my -- one thing I wanted to ask you is that -- does that change -- does that change any of your prior testimony regarding Mr. Davis' views as he expressed in his memo?

Q. So with that -- with that clarification

Q. -- does that change your opinion of any of the views he's expressing in his memorandum?

Q. Well, no, let's go back -- let's go back. I didn't realize that -- until I reviewed the transcript, I didn't realize there was that confusion. But going back to Exhibit 9 --

Q. That is my understanding. Well, you, I believe -- based on this memo, it appears you asked him to review the program.

Q. I believe Karen Harper.

Q. Well, okay. In that case, why don't we turn to Exhibit 9. So can you pick up Exhibit 9 again?

Q. So this -- this is -- this is the memo that Mr. Davis prepared for Ms. Harper?

Q. He was not working for the DEA, though he was formerly employed by them and presumably had some expertise.

Q. And so when he says, "Federal register notices published as early as 2007 state specifically that using formulas that rely on percentages or averages over time has been determined by the DEA to be insufficient," would you agree with that statement?

Q. The middle of the second paragraph.

Q. Okay. And the statement that "an order must not be processed and filled if it is either suspicious or excessive," you would agree with that statement?

Q. Well, I'm sorry, so --

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Okay. And so the statement he has when "an order must not be processed and filled if it is either suspicious or excessive," do you agree with that statement? Is he correct on that point?

Q. Okay. And do you agree with his assessment, that that is something that you don't want to do?

Q. Well, actually, what he's saying, if you just read the text, is, "An order must not be processed and filled if it is either suspicious or excessive." So do you disagree with that statement? Can an order be processed and filled if it is suspicious or excessive?

Q. Okay. So if an order is -- if an order is either suspicious or excessive, it should not be processed and filled; is that fair?

Q. Then he goes on to say, "The existing SOP excels to meet this requirement through a specific evaluation process. However, the numeric formula is problematic. For example, should an occasion arise where an order is three times over the historical average for that customer and item, or in a situation where the order meets but does not exceed the three times criteria, it would theoretically be filled through normal processing without further question. In doing so, in certain cases and as noted in recent immediate suspensions of other large-scale DEA registrants, which are all a matter of public record, Mallinckrodt would be unnecessarily exposing itself to potential liability."

Q. Do you see that statement?

Q. Do you agree with that, sir?

Q. And had How -- had you known that Howard had this concern, would you still have supported a change from the 2 X to 3 X?

Q. Oh, it's November of 2010.

Q. Well, putting Karen aside because --

Q. -- you don't know what Karen did, you know, after she received this memo, correct?

Q. So just from the standpoint of your support and your -- your support for the change from 2 X to 3 X --

Q. -- if Mr. Davis had sent this memo to you, would it have -- would it have affected your support for changing the program from 2 X to 3 X?

Q. And when you say "it probably would have," would it have made it less likely that you would have supported the 2 X to 3 X change?

Q. Okay. Now, flipping to the next page that says, "Numeric formulas do not identify circumstances that might be indicative of diversion." Do you see that paragraph?

Q. Sure. It's the top paragraph on page 2 of the memo.

Q. It says, "Numeric formulas do not identify circumstances." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And it identifies four circumstances that are indicative of diversion that wouldn't be captured by numeric formula.

Q. Do you agree with that statement?

Q. And what -- I mean, specifically what he's doing here is he's identifying various circumstances that aren't captured by numeric formulas.

Q. Would you agree that the four circumstances he's identifying are not captured by numeric formulas?

Q. Yes, I believe so.

Q. Okay. But you would agree, though, that that is a factor that isn't captured by a numeric formula --

Q. -- putting aside the question? Okay. So with respect to these four factors -- well, taking a step back. You would agree that these four factors might be indicative of diversion; is that fair?

Q. Okay. And you would also agree that these four factors are not captured by numeric formula?

Q. And you would agree with him on that?

Q. Okay. And then these four factors were also the same ones indicated by the DEA in September of 2006. This is Exhibit 2.

Q. Right. I just wanted to make sure your testimony on that hasn't changed.

Q. Okay. And then going to the paragraph underneath the paragraph regarding numeric formulas where it says, "The DEA registrant population as a whole is now required to consider the totality of the circumstances when evaluating an order prior to it being filled." Do you see that statement?

Q. And you would agree with that, correct?

Q. Okay. And then going down to the nine bullet points that Mr. Davis identifies as being important information to gather from customers, you would still agree that that is important information?

Q. Okay. So putting that document aside and turning now to Exhibit 10. So --

Q. Go ahead.

Q. Now, turning to --

Q. Yes, this is the draft that he prepared. This, I believe, is Exhibit 10.

Q. So do you see on page -- or Section 4 of this draft it says, "Affidavit"?

Q. Okay. So this -- this is Howard is proposing an affidavit requirement, and the affidavit would verify that the customer is not an online pharmacy and has never conducted business as an Internet pharmacy and is otherwise aware of their corresponding responsibility for dispensing controlled substances legitimately. Do you see that?

Q. Do you think that this requirement makes sense as part of a suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Okay. Do you know if this requirement was ever put in place?

Q. Okay. Section 5, which is background documentation. And these are documents by customer type, asking the customer specific questions about their businesses and their licenses. And can you review the various questions?

Q. Okay. Do you agree that it makes sense to ask customers these types of questions?

Q. Well, let me rephrase that. Do you agree that customers should be asked the following questions that he identifies?

Q. Okay. And, well, not only could you possibly ask for them, but you would agree that it would be a good idea to ask these questions?

Q. Okay. Then turning to Section 7, it says "Memos."

Q. Okay. Now, do you agree that this would be a good modification to the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Okay. Do you know if this was done?

Q. Okay. Then Section 8 is an on-site inspection report. And it says, "If

Q. Do you think that requirement makes sense as an addition to the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Yes. And as someone that was involved in setting up the SOM program, a member of the SOM team.

Q. Do you know if Karen -- I believe you previously testified that the audits were conducted by Karen Harper and

Q. Okay. So you don't know if they used a third-party, experienced, trained investigator?

Q. Do you think it would have been

Q. Okay. It also says, "The investigator will visit the customer location, review documents, inspect the customer's facility, observe the customer's dispensing and/or examination practices, request additional information from the customer and complete an inspection report." Do you agree that that would have been factors that a third-party investigator should have looked at?

Q. Well, I mean -- well, strike that. Not only could it have been done, but it would have enhanced the program, would it not?

Q. Okay. Do you know if this was actually done?

Q. Okay. Then Section 9 is parameters used in defining orders of interest. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So orders of unusual size would be a parameter that should be used in defining an order of interest; is that correct?

Q. Okay. What about an order deviating substantially from a normal pattern?

Q. What about orders of unusual frequency?

Q. What about will call orders, meaning requested to be picked up?

Q. Okay. What about orders to be delivered -- well, so strike that. So will call orders then should not have been permitted?

Q. I'm sorry, go ahead.

Q. But in your opinion, will call orders should not have been permitted?

Q. Okay. Orders to be delivered to a different location, that should also not have been permitted?

Q. Okay. Cash orders should not have been permitted?

Q. And orders placed out of a scope of the customer's field of practice, that should not have been permitted?

Q. Okay. Could he be referencing, for example, if you have a customer of a distributor that is, you know, in a certain practice area and they are prescribing drugs that are generally not used by that practice area?

Q. Okay. And then the next bullet point is, "Orders placed for more than one controlled substance that are known to be taken together, drug combinations, outside of normal prescribing and patient treatment practices. Such an example may be narcotics with benzodiazapines, Soma and sleep aids known as narcotic cocktails." So do you believe that these types of orders should not have -- that these types of orders should not have been placed?

Q. Okay. And then actually if you look -- do you see number 1 below Section 9?

Q. It says, "A physician or veterinarian orders certain controlled substances that are not consistent with a type of practice identified by the practitioner's licenses." So that would, I imagine, be an example of an order placed out of a scope of

Q. Okay. And so that is something that should have been considered in determining whether or not to fill an order; is that correct?

Q. Okay. So that's all I have on that exhibit.

Q. Okay. So, Mr. Rausch, the last topic I want to cover with you is the clearing of suspicious orders. And what I mean by that is you had previously indicated that you would receive these reports, and then you would contact various people regarding the justification.

Q. And so just so, you know, both of us are on the same page as to my questions --

Q. -- I want to explore that process.

Q. Now, would you agree with the statement that it's important to formally document the investigation of a peculiar order, including the bows and whys of the logic that was used to determine that the order was either appropriate or inappropriate to ship?

Q. Okay. What did you do then?

Q. And the documentation of the order with respect to the information you received from either the CSR or the business manager or the sales force, that consisted of whatever they e-mailed in response to you?

Q. So there was no formal, separate report or memo that was prepared?

Q. Okay. So I'd like to mark this as Exhibit 11, and it is -- let's see. It bears the Bates number MNK-T1 307119. And this is an e-mail exchange between you and, I believe, people in sales regarding a suspicious order and the business justification for it; is that fair?

Q. Okay. And do you recall sending or receiving these e-mails?

Q. Okay. So the top e-mail, it's to Bill Ratliff, who is director of security.

Q. And it says, "See the information below. Sovereign is an established customer that we have dealt with for years. They are a contract manufacturer that may have gotten some new business. Let me know if we need to do anything else." So this e-mail is the -- is a complete report with respect to the justification for shipping this order; is that fair?

Q. Okay. Now, it says they're a contract manufacturer that may have gotten some new business.

Q. Do you see the "may"?

Q. So that indicates that you weren't sure whether they had gotten new business. You thought they may have?

Q. Okay. So do you know if Tom took any steps to verify that they in fact had new business?

Q. Okay. Did you take any steps to verify that they in fact had gotten some new business?

Q. Okay. So do you recall taking any additional steps to verify this information?

Q. Okay. You indicate, you say, "Bill, let me know if we need to do anything else."

Q. So if Bill were to say no, then I assume this would be the complete record; is that correct?

Q. No. If Bill says, no, we don't need to do anything else, if Bill approves this for shipment, then this is a complete record?

Q. Okay. And you don't recall whether Bill said yes or not?

Q. Was it Bill --

Q. Was it Bill's general practice to request for more information, or did he generally just approve these?

Q. Okay. So this is another exhibit. I'm marking it as Exhibit 12, and it bears the Bates number 266788.

Q. Okay. Do you recall sending and receiving this e-mail?

Q. Okay. And this is an e-mail from you to Kate and Kate to you

Q. -- regarding an oxycodone order.

Q. And, you know, you're flagging an increase in the order.

Q. And Kate's response is, "Jim, we are the secondary with CVS Caremark and this product. There is only one other supplier in the market, so my guess is that they're not able to get it from them and have ordered from us."

Q. "I don't think it is too big of

Q. Okay. And so she's saying it's her guess

Q. -- that that's why this is.

Q. Do you know if she did anything to verify her guess?

Q. Okay. And who is the salesperson?

Q. But you would have taken steps to verify Kate's guess?

Q. Okay. So this should have been verified?

Q. And presumably that verification would have been attached to the suspicious order report?

Q. Okay. And it was your practice to attach any verification?

Q. Okay. If this wasn't verified and this went out just based on Kate's guess, that would -- in your view, that would be a problem?

Q. Okay. So this is now Exhibit 13, and it's being tagged as MN I'm sorry, bears the Bates number MNK-T1 266996.

Q. Okay. So this is another e-mail chain between you and Kate Muhlenkamp --

Q. -- regarding a suspicious order. Or I'm sorry, regarding a peculiar order. And --

Q. what she says to you is, "Jim, I followed up with Steve Becker." Would Steve Becker have been the business person?

Q. The salesperson? Okay.

Q. "He noted that Henry Schein had recently made changes to their internal structure and are now servicing additional third-party contracts, chargebacks, which may be driving their new demand. He was not surprised that they had started ordering. Hope this helps." Do you know if any steps were taken to verify that the internal structure was in fact driving the new demand?

Q. Okay. Should additional steps have been taken to verify that?

Q. Okay. And if -- if, in fact, it was verified, it would have been documented as an e-mail attached to the suspicious order report, correct?

Q. Now, the suspicious order report, I believe, is that on Bates number 266995?

Q. I'm looking at Bates number 266995. It's a list of orders.

Q. Is that the suspicious order report?

Q. Okay. And then behind that, on page 266997, that's the actual orders; is that correct?

Q. Okay. So, you know, the complete

Q. Okay. So this -- this e-mail then would have been the just -- the complete justification for shipping this order?

Q. Okay. And so no steps were taken then to verify that in fact the internal structure was what was driving their demand; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And so this -- okay. Strike that.

Q. So I'd like to mark this as Exhibit 14, and it bears a Bates number MNK-T1 266735.

Q. Okay. Now, this is an e-mail exchange between you and Penny Myers. Who is Penny Myers?

Q. Okay. And this is -- do you recall receiving -- well, do you recall sending and receiving these e-mails?

Q. Okay. And you were you were asking her about a suspicious order from HD Smith -- or, I'm sorry, a peculiar order for HD Smith, and Penny indicates to you that the order is due to increased compliance and new pharmacies being added. And then you ask her, "What is increased compliance?" and the answer she gives you is above. Is this the complete record for the justification of this order?

Q. Okay. Now, increased compliance. Now, Penny -- well, strike that. You asked her what increased compliance is, and Penny responds, "When we offer a price, we asked for the estimated quantity that they will purchase. If they don't purchase close to the amount they estimated, we encourage them to do that or their price may not remain the same or their VIP provision may change." Do you see that?

Q. And what do you understand her to be saying with that?

Q. So in other words, if they don't purchase close to their estimated quantity, there's a financial, you know, penalty or consequence that gets attached; is that fair?

Q. But it would be fair to say they are getting a less favorable price?

Q. So they have a financial incentive from Mallinckrodt to increase their order; is that fair?

Q. Okay. So in essence, in the context of this e-mail, there is a financial incentive from Mallinckrodt to have this seller essentially put in a peculiar order?

Q. Well, this order was flagged in the system as a peculiar order, was it not?

Q. Okay. And you don't know if they actually had an increase in demand, right? Well, strike that.

Q. There's no indication that they had an increase in demand. They might well be purchasing this additional amount because they don't want to have to pay the increased price?

Q. But there's nothing in this e-mail that indicates that they are

Q. Yes. Okay. So they are -- according to this e-mail, the reason they're asking for significant -- for significantly more than they previously asked for is because they don't want to have to pay a less favorable price; is that fair?

Q. I'm going to mark this document as Exhibit 15, and this is MNK-T1 266730. Actually, I'm sorry, I just had one more question on Exhibit 14, the compliance e-mail. Could you turn to that again?

Q. The prior one.

Q. So I think it's Exhibit 14.

Q. So the increased compliance justification, that would have been sufficient to justify shipping the order?

Q. Okay. Thank you. So now we're on Exhibit 15?

Q. Okay. So this is an e-mail between you and Lisa Lundergan. Who is Lisa Lundergan?

Q. Okay. And do you recall sending or receiving these e-mails?

Q. Okay. And then this this involves an order for 44,208 bottles of morphine oral --

Q. -- which was three times more than they had ever placed before, and hence it tripped the algorithm.

Q. And Lisa's response to your question as to why they are placing such an order is, "Yes, we are offering them the remainder of our inventory for morphine oral since it was being discontinued. Thank you for checking."

Q. Would that justification have been sufficient for you to ship this order?

Q. Okay. Is it a cause for a concern that -- well, strike that.

Q. Okay. So this is Exhibit 16 now. It bears the Bates number MNK-T1 298447.

Q. So this says, "Cardinal placed

Q. Do you recall receiving or sending these e-mails?

Q. Okay. Do you have any reason to doubt that you did send or receive them?

Q. Okay. And so the e-mail -- the e-mail from you to Kate is that Cardinal has placed an order for 12,720 bottles, and their average has been 3,227.

Q. And you wanted to know why they're increasing their inventory for these two products.

Q. And her response is that she has been working with Cardinal to increase their inventories.

Q. Okay. Would that have been a sufficient justification to ship this order?

Q. Okay. Do you know why Kate was working with Cardinal to increase their inventories?

Q. Okay. Was it -- was it a concern to Mallinckrodt if a distributor was accumulating an excessively large inventory of opioid products?

Q. From a diversion control standpoint, though, is it a concern when a distributor starts accumulating a very large inventory of controlled substances?

Q. Do you know if Karen Harper signed off on the desire to have Cardinal increase their inventories?

Q. Would this have been a decision she should have been involved in?

Q. Well, would -- would you agree that it is a concern --

Q. Well, I'm not asking for -- I'm not asking for your speculation as to what Kate was thinking.

Q. What I am asking is, from the standpoint of diversion control, is it a concern to have distributors accumulating large inventories of controlled substances?

Q. And by "controls in place," what do you mean by that?

Q. So I'd like to mark this as Exhibit 17.

Q. So here's an e-mail from Cheryl Nelson to Marc Montgomery and Kate Muhlenkamp, and you're cc'd on it.

Q. Do you recall receiving this?

Q. Okay. And so Cheryl is asking Kate and Marc about a shipment that has triggered the -- the suspicious order algorithm, or the peculiar order algorithm; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And so Mark says that it's okay, and Kate says that it's okay; is that correct?

Q. So would this order have been shipped?

Q. Okay. So no one did any follow-up regarding what the considerable diversion or tampering issues were with regard to this customer at NC?

Q. So this -- and this would have been sufficient to allow this shipment to go through then?

Q. Okay. So, Mr. Rausch, your counsel asked you a number of questions regarding Section 5 relating to the types of information that could be solicited; is that fair?

Q. Could this information have been solicited from a distributor's customers?

Q. So this is information that could be gathered on Mallinckrodt -- on the customers of Mallinckrodt's customer, correct?

Q. And using the chargeback data, Mallinckrodt could -- Mallinckrodt had an understanding of who the distributor's customers were; is that correct?

Q. Is it your understanding that the chargeback data could be used to identify the end users?
