Witness:  Jane Williams
Attorney: MS. Baig
Source:   MNKOI0005218871
============================================================

Q. Hi. Good morning, Ms. Williams.

Q. We met briefly off the record, but could you please state your name and address for the record.

Q. And are you represented by counsel here today?

Q. Who is your counsel?

Q. And have you ever had your deposition taken before?

Q. On how many occasions?

Q. You've had your deposition taken twice before, did you say?

Q. Okay. And when was that?

Q. So you're familiar with the protocols of

Q. Okay. And I'll do my best to -- to ask

Q. Okay. If you don't understand a question that I ask, please let me know, and I will rephrase it. Otherwise, I will assume you understand. Okay?

Q. Okay. Did you see the deposition notice in this -- in this action?

Q. Okay. And do you recall that the deposition notice asked for certain documents to be produced, including your resume and any documents that you used to refresh your recollection?

Q. Did you bring those documents with you today?

Q. Okay. Did you use any documents to refresh your recollection?

Q. What documents were those?

Q. Okay. And were all of those documents produced in this action?

Q. And do you have a current resume?

Q. Has that been produced in this action, do you know?

Q. Oh. Well, there was a request in the deposition notice for that.

Q. Are you familiar with -- with the complaint in this action?

Q. Have you read -- have you read any of the complaints?

Q. Okay. But you have an understanding of what this case is about?

Q. And what's your understanding?

Q. Could you walk me through briefly your -- your education?

Q. And can you walk me through briefly your prior work history?

Q. Yeah, briefly.

Q. Okay. And what years did you work for Alpharma?

Q. Did you work on any opioid products?

Q. Did you work on any opioid products in any of your prior employments?

Q. And you began your employment with Mallinckrodt in 2010; is that right?

Q. Was this your first work experience with Schedule II drugs?

Q. And what company did you work for at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you know whether that was part of Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals, or do you know the name of the --

Q. And then did that change?

Q. Do you remember when?

Q. Roughly?

Q. Okay. And what -- what did the name of the company change to at that time?

Q. And your position at Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals when you started was vice president of retail sales and specialty generics; is that right?

Q. And you held that -- that title for the full five years that you worked there?

Q. And you understood when you worked at Mallinckrodt that Mallinckrodt was a world leader in the manufacture and distribution of -- of analgesic pharmaceuticals; is that right?

Q. Why did leave the company in -- in 2015?

Q. Was that Mike Gunning?

Q. Who was that?

Q. And what do you mean by "We were not always on the same page"?

Q. What was his style of management?

Q. Did you disagree with the direction in which he was trying to take the department at that time?

Q. How did you approach them differently?

Q. And what was his end goal?

Q. Did you share the same end goal with -- with him?

Q. And ultimately, was the end goal to increase sales?

Q. Do you understand that you've been designated as a custodian in this action and that certain of your documents have been produced by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And have you been through your files that were produced in this action?

Q. Do you know which of your files were searched for in connection with -- with Mallinckrodt's production of your files?

Q. Did you ever use personal computers or other devices such as phones or iPads for work purposes when you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. But you had a phone that you used for work?

Q. Okay. Do you know if your phone was searched for -- for text messages?

Q. Did you conduct business via text message at times on your phone?

Q. You don't think you ever sent text messages as part of your business?

Q. Did you ever use an Instant Messenger program for work-related communications or to communicate with colleagues?

Q. Are there any further sources of documents that -- that have not yet been searched or that -- for example, at home, do you have any documents at home related to Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you understand that portions of your personnel file have been produced?

Q. When you left the company, you entered into a severance agreement; is that correct?

Q. And as part of that agreement, you waived any claims that you might have had against Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals in exchange for a sum of money, correct?

Q. Do you recall approximately how much how much your -- the severance amount was for?

Q. When was the last time you reviewed your severance agreement?

Q. So you haven't looked at it since then?

Q. Okay.

Q. And I -- I'll point you to certain portions of the document.

Q. -- but let's just scroll through quickly so you can see the entire document.

Q. So you see the first portion of this document is your separation agreement. And then you'll see that -- that it goes on -- and we'll go specifically to the pages, but you'll see that it goes on to your -- January 8th, 2013, the renewal agreement for your position at that time. I believe you received a raise. And it -- your your first letter of employment from 2010. But let's start with the severance agreement.

Q. I just wanted to call out for you, in case there was any concern, there is a non-disparagement clause in item 7 of the severance agreement, and that is on page 007147328, in which you're prohibited from saying anything that reflects negatively on the company. But you understand here today that -- that you're under oath, correct?

Q. And irrespective of -- of any non-disparagement clause in your severance agreement, you're prepared to to tell the truth here today, correct?

Q. Okay. And you understand that Mallinckrodt cannot retaliate against you for offering truthful testimony here today, correct?

Q. Okay. And that is also reflected in item 12 of your severance agreement, which is entitled "Permissible Disclosures." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And that severance agreement on the last page, which is 0007147331, is signed by you and whom? Can you read those signatures?

Q. Can you see it?

Q. Okay. Do you know who else signed that?

Q. Is it just one person, Angie Woods?

Q. Okay. And what was her position?

Q. Okay. For what company?

Q. Do you know whether she worked for Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals or Covidien or

Q. Okay. Now, the next document, which is part of your personnel file in this exhibit, Bates-stamped 7147333, is a January 8th, 2013 letter to you which indicates that your salary is being increased I believe to $210,000. Do you recall receiving this letter in or about January of 2013?

Q. Okay. And you recall that you received

Q. Okay. Your title remained the same, but -- I mean, this is a promotion, for all --

Q. Ah, okay.

Q. I see. I see. Got it And if you turn to the next page, Bates-stamped 7147334, you'll see there's a corresponding employee change form. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And it -- it says here that there's under the Section C, bonus -- "Bonus Metrics Change," that you were provided with the opportunity of a 35 percent bonus. Right?

Q. Okay. And what was your understanding as the core metric that -- that goes into whether or not you -- you were to receive a bonus?

Q. So your bonus opportunity was based on increasing sales; is that right?

Q. What personal requirements were those?

Q. Okay. But you see on this employee change form where it says "Core metric" under the "Bonus Metrics Change" section. I believe there's

Q. And right above it, it says, I believe, "Pharma sector"; is that right?

Q. Okay. So you understood that the core metric for -- for your opportunity to receive a bonus was sales growth in the pharma sector; is that right?

Q. I see. So your overall bonus opportunity was not just 35 percent, it was 35 percent --

Q. I see.

Q. So to be clear, if you were making a salary of $100,000 --

Q. -- was your bonus potentially limited to 35 percent -- to $35,000 or no?

Q. So of your overall bonus, 35 percent was -- the metric was for pharma sector sales growth, 35 percent was for pharma sector --

Q. -- operating income, and another 30 percent was pharma specialty generics sale of new products, correct?

Q. Okay. Now, did you have an understanding of -- of the range of your potential bonus of what that would be in comparison to your salary?

Q. Do you have a recollection roughly of -- of what bonus you received?

Q. Do you recall whether your bonus was greater or less than your actual base salary?

Q. It was less than your base salary. So it would have been a percentage. Do you recall whether it was somewhere in the realm of 10 percent or 90 percent of your base salary?

Q. Okay. Your best estimate is somewhere between 10 and 90?

Q. You can't narrow it any further than that?

Q. And if you look at the next page, you'll see that it's the October 15th, 2010 employment --

Q. -- agreement letter. Do you see that?

Q. So you started with the salary of $180,000, correct?

Q. Here you go.

Q. And so when that salary was increased from 180 to 210,000, that was because Mallinckrodt believed you to be doing a good job. Is that your understanding?

Q. Yes. So you got not only a raise but a promotion, is that what you're saying?

Q. Because Mallinckrodt understood that you were doing a good job at your --

Q. Mm-hmm. And... Who did you report -- who did you actually, can you walk me through the -- the responsibilities of your job when you started at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And who did you report to?

Q. And who were the five national account people that reported to you?

Q. And how did that job change when your your title was expanded into 2013?

Q. And --

Q. What's inside sales?

Q. When you say "government facilities," what do you mean by that?

Q. And who made the -- who made those outbound calls?

Q. Are there any other ways in which your position changed from 2010 -- in 2013?

Q. Okay. Any other ways in which your position changed or evolved in the time that you were there?

Q. When was that?

Q. And why was that?

Q. Okay. Any other ways in which your -- your responsibilities at Mallinckrodt changed over the time that you were there that you recall?

Q. And you began by reporting to Mike Gunning?

Q. When -- when did that change?

Q. When was that?

Q. And who did you report to after that?

Q. And what was his position?

Q. And which company did he work for?

Q. And is that who you reported to for the rest of your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And when did that begin?

Q. With respect to your bonus opportunity that was driven at least in part by sales growth, were you provided with specific targets?

Q. Who provided you with those targets?

Q. And before?

Q. Okay. So initially it was Mike Gunning who -- who provided you with targets, then it was David Silver who provided you with targets, and then it was Walt Kaczmarek who provided you with targets?

Q. Okay. And can you describe the types of targets that -- that you would have received during that time in order to realize your bonus potential?

Q. Generally speaking.

Q. So how -- how were your sales targets communicated to you?

Q. When you say there were financial targets developed outside our group, do you know who developed those?

Q. And who would have led that team?

Q. Do you know what the name of his department was?

Q. So he was the head of finance at the time?

Q. For Mallinckrodt Pharmaceutic -- Pharmaceuticals?

Q. Do you know who else was on his team?

Q. Anyone else?

Q. Do you know how big his team was?

Q. So essentially you would have a meeting with that team or with the head of that team in order to receive your targets? Can you explain to me how -- what that process was?

Q. And was it broke -- broken down by drug?

Q. Okay. And would they monitor your progress throughout the year and let you know if you were on track to meet that goal or not?

Q. Okay. And do you recall having meetings with them about whether or not you were on track to meet your goal to increase sales?

Q. Do you recall whether you received bonuses each year that you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So you believe that you met the goal each year?

Q. And do you recall the amount of sales growth that you were required to

Q. Did you ever write self-performance evaluations?

Q. And did you receive performance evaluations?

Q. And did you receive performance evaluations on a regular basis?

Q. Did you receive them once a year?

Q. Did you receive them more than once a year?

Q. Okay. Did you write self-performance evaluations once a year?

Q. And in those self-performance evaluations, did you advocate for yourself in terms of how you had expanded sales growth for your -- for your departments?

Q. Okay.

Q. You understand that opioids are controlled substances, correct?

Q. And that they are Schedule II products -- identified as Schedule II products by the DEA?

Q. And they are narc- -- narcotics?

Q. And you understood this during your tenure at Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. And did you also understand that opioid sales were increasing exponentially nationally during the time that you were in charge of generic opioid sales at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Significant sales growth, correct?

Q. Do you believe that there was significant sales growth during that time?

Q. And you were aware that the manufacture and distribution of opioids had to comply with the Controlled Substances Act; is that right?

Q. You understood that Mallinckrodt was a DEA-registered manufacturer and distributor for purposes of the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. And did you have training on the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. And can you walk me through the type of training you had on the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. When you say you had a good understanding from seed to tablet and capsule pathway for the material, what you're saying is that you were able to track where all of Mallinckrodt's pills were going.

Q. Is that what you're saying?

Q. What are you saying?

Q. And what was your understanding of Mallinckrodt's responsibilities under the Controlled Substance -- Controlled Substances Act and any state equivalent of that law with respect to preventing diversion of opioids?

Q. So you understood that Mallinckrodt was required to have a suspicious order monitoring system in place, correct?

Q. And you understood that Mallinckrodt was required to identify and halt shipments of suspicious orders to distributor clients, correct?

Q. And you understood that Mallinckrodt had

Q. That you would identify suspicious sales by distributor customers to downstream clients?

Q. And when did that become part of Mallinckrodt's process, if it did?

Q. So what policies and procedures did Mallinckrodt have in place to comply with the Controlled Substances Act to prevent diversion?

Q. But as VP of generic sales, what was your understanding of the suspicious order monitoring procedures in place at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So your understanding was that you needed to have a current license --

Q. -- and that the direct sale of Schedule II drugs had to be vetted and the vol- and the volume needed to be understood.

Q. What do you mean by that?

Q. And what was the process for tagging a sale as -- or an order as suspicious?

Q. And what computer system identified whether an order was suspicious?

Q. And who -- who was in charge of overseeing the computer system that identified whether an order was suspicious?

Q. And when you -- you mentioned that there was a tolerance level of some sort. Who designed what increase in an order would -- would be tolerated or what increase in an order would be considered suspicious?

Q. And who was in charge of the compliance team?

Q. And how large was that team?

Q. And Karen Harper was in charge of it for your entire tenure at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you know whether that team was larger than five or ten people?

Q. You don't know one way or the other?

Q. Do you know anyone else who was on that team?

Q. And was there a gradation in terms of determining whether a particular order was suspicious? Was it first flagged as peculiar or -- or anything else before it got to the level of suspicious, do you know?

Q. You've never heard of orders being flagged as being peculiar or being flagged as being orders of interest or anything like that?

Q. Okay. You just recall that they were either suspicious --

Q. -- or not suspicious?

Q. And do you -- do you recall what protocol was in place for suspicious orders?

Q. And was there a record kept of all suspicious orders at Mallinckrodt that were stopped and held until additional information was provided by the client?

Q. Did you ever see such a record?

Q. Did you ever hear about one?

Q. Did you ever hear whether there were suspicious orders that were halted even after client information came in?

Q. Did you ever hear of any orders that were actually halted as a result of their being flagged suspicious?

Q. I thought you said until additional client information came in.

Q. Okay. And they were -- they were delayed until additional information was sought by the client; is that right?

Q. And did -- are you aware of any circumstances in which the client information came back and was unsatisfactory and so the shipment was denied?

Q. Can you tell me what circumstances you recall like that?

Q. Do you remember any orders that were actually cancelled?

Q. You can't remember that happening?

Q. In terms of your training with respect to the Controlled Substances Act, do you recall what that looked like? Was that -- was there a seminar? Was there a meeting? Do you -- do you remember what training you had?

Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt outsourced its duty to prevent oversupply and diversion of controlled substances at all?

Q. Let's -- I'm talking about suspicious order monitoring.

Q. Are you aware of any of Mallinckrodt's obligations under the Controlled Substances Act being outsourced at all?

Q. So your understanding is that Mallinckrodt oversaw all of its compliance with the Controlled Substances Act in-house, correct?

Q. What consultant was that?

Q. Did you ever meet a DEA consultant that was retained by Mallinckrodt for this purpose?

Q. But you heard that one was?

Q. And what did you hear about the DEA consultant?

Q. And what was -- what did you hear about the purpose of the DEA consultant?

Q. Do you recall anything else that you knew about the DEA consultant?

Q. Do you recall whether they worked for, you know, one day or five years?

Q. But you don't know whether there was a consultant during your entire tenure, correct?

Q. Okay. Have you told me everything that you know about how Mallinckrodt sought to prevent diversion?

Q. And how were your communications with customers to prevent diversion?

Q. And is -- is it the same thing for the meetings that you held with the wholesaler distributors? Is that how those meetings sought to prevent diversion?

Q. Well, I asked you what Mallinckrodt did to prevent diversion, and you said that you had some customer communications and that you also had meetings with your distributors.

Q. How did the meetings with distributors contribute to Mallinckrodt's prevention of diversion, if at all?

Q. Do you recall any of those meetings?

Q. Can you give me an example of one?

Q. Which regulation?

Q. Okay. When it comes up, can you please take a look at this document, which I will have marked as Exhibit 2, which is Bates-stamped MNK-T1 0000496062. And the title of the document is "Suspicious Order Monitoring Team Charter."

Q. And you see at the top, it also states it was updated April 7, 2011?

Q. But just take a moment to look at it.

Q. So if you look at the top of the document, you can see that it is a Suspicious Order Monitoring Team Charter, correct?

Q. And have you seen this document before?

Q. Okay. And the team leader is identified as Karen Harper?

Q. She's the head of compliance, you testified before, correct?

Q. And was Tom Barry -- Tom Barry part of her team?

Q. You don't recall?

Q. Okay. Do you see under "Process Description," it states: "Maintain regulatory requirement with DEA mandated suspicious order monitoring"?

Q. And it states that there would be an upgrade of Mallinckrodt's existing SOM program. Do you see that?

Q. Do you have an understanding of what the SOM process was prior to 2011?

Q. Or how this update changed it?

Q. So the aspects of the SOM program that you testified about previously were as to the SOM program that was in place when you were there, correct?

Q. But you never had any understanding of whether or not there was an SOM process in place before you were there; is that right?

Q. You never heard about it or heard anything about it; is that right?

Q. Okay. And it says here that you were on the SOM steering committee. Do you recall being on the SOM steering committee?

Q. And what was the purpose of these meetings?

Q. Do you recall any details from any of those meetings?

Q. Do you recall how many such meetings you attended?

Q. Do you know whether it was more than one

Q. Can you give me a rough estimate as to how often you believe you met?

Q. I think you testified a few moments --

Q. I think you testified a few moments ago that -- that part of those SOP meetings that we were -- sorry -- SOM meetings that we were discussing, that as part of those meetings, you would discuss any regulatory changes requiring them to do something different with the SOM procedures; is that right?

Q. Okay. Is it your understanding that there were regulatory changes with respect to the Controlled Substances Act while you were there?

Q. Okay. You're not --

Q. Okay. So you're not testifying that there was a change in the law while you were --

Q. Okay. And you're not aware of any change in the Controlled Substances Act or the requirements thereunder?

Q. Okay. I think earlier you also testified that with respect to anticipated demand, the sales reps would provide the customers with anticipated demand. Do you recall that testimony?

Q. Got it. Okay. Thank you for that clarification. I would like to have marked as Exhibit 3 the next document, which is entitled "Mallinckrodt Controlled Substance Suspicious Order Monitoring Program."

Q. Do you see that? And we'll scroll through so you can see the entire document.

Q. It's Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt T1_0000496098 through 496124. The date on the first page is March 21st, 2011. It states it was

Q. Have you had a chance to scroll through?

Q. Okay. So going back to the first page, do you recall receiving this document in the course of your business at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And was it part of a presentation when you saw it or a hard copy?

Q. Okay. And do you know -- did you create -- did you help create this document or do you know who created this document?

Q. Okay. It says it was a presentation for the marketing group. Do you think it is something that compliance would have presented to you all for -- for any reason?

Q. Okay. But you did not present this yourself to anyone, is that right, and your team wouldn't have presented it?

Q. Okay. Is it your understanding that this is the -- a summary of Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program in or about 2011?

Q. Okay. And do you see on the first page after the heading page, 496099, there's a picture of Perry Moore, who was the executive producer of "Chronicles of Narnia," and if you can see, it's sort of shaded, but there's a statement about the fact that he had recently passed away as a result of an apparent overdose. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall seeing this as part of the presentation?

Q. Do you recall what the -- what the purpose of including this in the SOM program would have -- would have been?

Q. So it's a current event about apparent overdose as -- as a result of an opioid; is that right?

Q. Well, is there some reason that they're presenting it, though, to your team? I mean what do you believe is the purpose of sharing with you this information?

Q. You don't have any understanding of why compliance would share with the sales team information about overdose death?

Q. Sure. And it's happening, but it's not just a current event. It's a current event with -- that -- that describes one very small but significant piece of an opioid epidemic at large. Do you believe that that was what they were trying to communicate to you?

Q. Sure. I mean, you're -- it would be good for you to give me, you know, your sense of the purpose of this. The -- you know, in light of your position at the company and why this -- this might have been shared with you.

Q. Okay. And do you see on the next page, Bates-stamped 496100, it -- it states "Suspicious Order Monitoring Presentation Agenda"?

Q. And the suspicious order monitoring team referenced in the first line, that's Karen Harper's team; is that right?

Q. And again, four bullets down, there is a reference to the previous suspicious order monitoring program, but you don't have any knowledge as to what that previous program looked like, do you?

Q. And you don't have an understanding as to what the enhancements were that are referenced in the sixth bullet?

Q. Generally?

Q. And when you say "tolerances were tightened," do you mean certain thresholds in terms of increased -- increases in sales orders? Is that what you're talking about?

Q. And -- and do you know who designed the algorithm? Would that have been Karen Harper's team?

Q. Do you know of anyone else that was involved?

Q. And you don't know how or if that algorithm changed; is that right?

Q. And do you recall seeing an "OxyContin Express" video identified in the seventh bullet?

Q. And do you know what "OxyContin Express" refers to?

Q. Do you recall ever hearing anything about I-75, Interstate 75 moving up from Florida to Ohio and -- and through certain areas of the Rust Belt, and that there was -- there were a lot of opioids that were being transferred on that highway?

Q. Maybe it is I-95, but --

Q. Oh, okay. And you -- but you recall hearing about that, correct?

Q. And -- and that being referred to as oxy -- "OxyContin Express"?

Q. You don't recall seeing the video?

Q. Do you recall hearing about that highway and how

Q. -- there was an enormous amount of drug trafficking on that highway? Do you recall it being referred to as the Blue Highway?

Q. And certain of Mallinckrodt's opioids were little blue capsules; is that right?

Q. And do you understand what the purpose was of showing you a video with respect to the I-75, the Oxy Express/Blue Highway information?

Q. And -- and to educate the team with respect to the fact that there was -- that there were increased dangers associated with overdose, associated with the enormous amount of diversion that was being reported on the I-75, the Oxy Express, and information such as that. Is that right?

Q. So it's not -- but you understand that there were far -- that the number of overdose were increasing throughout the 2000s, correct?

Q. You have no understanding as you sit here today as to whether or not opioid overdoses have increased in the last decade and a half? You have no understanding of that right now?

Q. Well, there -- there are plenty of figures out in the public domain that show the number of overdoses related to opioids and how those have grown in the -- in the last two decades. You're not aware of any of that?

Q. Are you aware that there -- that -- that we are currently in, and have for some time been in, the midst of an opioid epidemic?

Q. But do you -- do you not -- you have seen that in the news?

Q. Do you not believe that to be true?

Q. What about 20 years ago? You can't say?

Q. So you --

Q. -- you believe --

Q. I see. So your understanding is that, while there's more news about opioid overdose deaths, there's not actually more opioid overdose deaths since, say, the late '90s or the early 2000s?

Q. You don't know one way or the other?

Q. Okay. The next page, Bates-stamped 49601, identifies the people on the Mallinckrodt suspicious order monitoring procedure team. You have no reason to doubt that these are the individuals that were involved on that team; is that right?

Q. Do you see two pages down where it's Bates-stamped 496103, it states "DEA policy on suspicious orders"? Do you see that?

Q. And do you see here that it states that -- that the company is required to register and to design and operate a suspicious order identification system, correct?

Q. And that the company would have then been required to report suspicious orders. Do you see that?

Q. And in the last bullet, it states that the company would have had to conduct an independent analysis of suspicious orders prior to completing a sale. Do you see that?

Q. Do you see anything on here that states that the CSA requires registrants to halt shipments?

Q. This is all about reporting. You don't see anything in this that -- that states that Mallinckrodt had an obligation to halt orders; is that right?

Q. And I think you testified earlier that you don't have an understanding as to how Mallinckrodt defined "suspicious orders"; is that right?

Q. But your understanding is that it had to do with thresholds and -- and a certain percentage of increase in -- in the amounts of opioids that were being ordered; is that right?

Q. No, I mean for identifying an order that is suspicious.

Q. How -- and you would determine whether it's suspicious or not by -- by the amounts being ordered; is that right?

Q. Is there any other criteria that would go into determining whether it's suspicious or not?

Q. So, for example, if you -- if you saw an order, do you think it would be suspicious if a medical doctor was ordering oxy from -- OxyContin from a veterinarian company?

Q. Well, what do you mean it wouldn't be seen?

Q. Yeah, to a veterinarian company.

Q. Are you --

Q. Mallinckrodt did business with distributor customers who then had downstream clients; is that right?

Q. And you're aware that Mallinckrodt was tracking its pills through its distributor customers and further through their downstream clients, correct?

Q. And so if the data that Mallinckrodt had showed that the opioids were being shipped by Mallinckrodt to a distributor company and then to

Q. So you don't think it would be suspicious if a medical doctor was receiving opioids from a veterinarian company that had a DEA license?

Q. Do you -- are you aware that Mallinckrodt was tracking data all the way through the distributor customer to the ultimate end purchaser?

Q. You're not aware of that?

Q. Yes, it was also Exhibit 8 to Mr. Borelli's deposition. It will be Exhibit 3 -- I believe we're on 3, right? -- Exhibit 3 to your deposition.

Q. Oh, sorry, Exhibit 4. And this, I will represent to you, was produced to us by Mallinckrodt. It's a sample of the chargeback data that was produced. Have you seen a document like this before while working at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay, but you were aware that Mallinckrodt was tracking, for purposes of chargebacks, data with respect to the starting and endpoint of the drugs it was shipping, correct?

Q. Okay. And you see here that the first column on the first page -- well, the first column has a code number. Are you familiar with what that code number is? Or generally what it refers to?

Q. You have a -- no, you have a four-page -- so it goes -- let's start with the first page.

Q. Exhibit 3. That's your counsel's copy.

Q. Exhibit 4.

Q. Sorry. One copy for you.

Q. You're welcome.

Q. So looking at the first page, do you see on the left-hand column there's there's a code number?

Q. And then you see there's "Sold via child customer name," and that would -- here it says "Sunrise" -- "Sunrise Wholesale." Let's just look at the first row. Do you see that?

Q. And so it gives -- Sunrise Wholesale is Mallinckrodt's distributor client, correct?

Q. The first column?

Q. And the second column is the distributor -- the distributor client of Mallinckrodt; is that right?

Q. Column B?

Q. And that column B reflects

Q. -- Mallinckrodt's distributor client, Sunrise, correct?

Q. And you see column C has the address of Sunrise Wholesale?

Q. C through G is the full address, correct?

Q. And then it says in column I -- well, you have -- in column H, you have "Ship to customer number." So that's Mallinckrodt's customer, Sunrise's customer number, correct?

Q. "Ship to customer number" is the heading. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Any reason to doubt that that's the customer number?

Q. Well, this is a report that was produced by Mallinckrodt to us and -- and -- which includes data that Mallinckrodt was checking --

Q. -- tracking in order to -- to be able to complete its chargebacks.

Q. So this comes from the chargeback data that was created in massive Excel spreadsheets by Mallinckrodt and was sorted to be able to be used in a -- in a printed form.

Q. So these columns came from the data on the chargeback data produced by Mallinckrodt.

Q. We did not create them or -- or add any information to them.

Q. So you see that after we have the customer name, customer address, customer number, we have the ship-to customer name, which starts "First Choice Pharmacy" in this first row. Do you see that?

Q. And we have their address as well, which happens to be in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Do you see that?

Q. Yeah, I'm just looking at the first row.

Q. So that happens to be in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.

Q. Correct? And then you have that full address for the first -- First Choice customer name, which happens to be -- I mean for that customer name which happens to be First Choice Pharmacy in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and then you have the product number in column P. Do you see that?

Q. And you have the DEA number, do you see that, in column 0?

Q. And then if you look at column Q on the third page, you have the product description, and here it's "0xy -- oxycodone HCL 30 milligrams." Do you see that?

Q. And you have the order number. Do you see that?

Q. And you have the order type description. Do you see that?

Q. And the order line type description in column V. Do you see that?

Q. You have the invoice date, which here happens to be October 16th, 2009. Do you see that?

Q. The process date. Do you see that?

Q. And the batch ID. Do you see that?

Q. And if you go to the last page, you also have data showing the -- a customer number in column AA. Do you see that?

Q. A contract number. Do you see that?

Q. You have the gross sales amount. Do you see that?

Q. You have the net sales amount. Do you see that?

Q. And you have the quantity shipped. Do you see that?

Q. And then you have the sales quantity in the last column. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So you understood at the time that you worked at Mallinckrodt that Mallinckrodt was tracking all of the data for the pills that it was shipping in order to be able to perform its chargebacks; is that right?

Q. Okay. You had never -- you had no reason ever to see chargeback data while you were working at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And you never asked to look at chargeback data while you were looking at -- working at Mallinckrodt?

Q. But you do see here that -- that Mallinckrodt certainly was tracking data not only for its distributor clients but also for their downstream clients, correct?

Q. So if, for example, it showed that a drug was -- was being ordered by a doctor, by a medical doctor from a veterinarian company, would -- would you yourself believe that to be suspicious?

Q. Correct.

Q. Okay. So would that be suspicious, in your view?

Q. Ordering from a veterinarian company

Q. -- that would be suspicious, right?

Q. Correct?

Q. On this page, there's not a veterinarian that I see on this page. Do you see, looking back to Exhibit 3, Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt Tl 0000496106, there's

Q. And it states at the top that: "The DEA suspends licenses of distributors for not maintaining effective controls against diversion of controlled substances." Is that right?

Q. Okay. And do you recall dealing with customers who had had their licenses suspended while you were VP of -- of generic sales at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you recall dealing -- dealing with that issue as vice president of generic sales?

Q. Mm-hmm.

Q. Mm-hmm.

Q. Okay. And -- and what's your understanding as -- as to how you dealt with suspended licenses at that time?

Q. And do you recall halting shipments to certain of your customers because their licenses had been suspended?

Q. And do you recall -- strike that. We'll get that later. And you see on the next page, Bates-stamped 496107, it calls out Masters Pharmaceuticals?

Q. And it states that: "Masters sold more than 4 million doses of hydrocodone, phentermine and alprazolam to internet pharmacies between 2005 and 2008 without reporting the sales to the DEA." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall that Masters Pharmaceutical was one of your big clients?

Q. Skipping through to two pages further, Mallinckrodt 0000496110, it states: "Existing SOM program pre-June of 2010." Do you see that?

Q. And I think you testified earlier that you didn't have any knowledge of the -- of the program before you arrived at Mallinckrodt in 2010. Does this refresh -- does this document refresh your recollection as to what you may have learned about the preexisting program at all? Just take a moment to look at this page.

Q. Well, we have on the cover page of this document, "Presentation for marketing group March 21st, 2011."

Q. Do you see in bullet 5 that it states: "Customer accounts or orders that appear," in quotes, "peculiar," end quotes, "based on customer checklist results, credit checks, CSR interaction, or order entry system flags are reviewed by customer service manager"? Do you see that?

Q. But you don't recall ever -- ever using this sort of staggered approach, that an order might first be called peculiar and then be called suspicious, correct?

Q. Okay. So you -- you wouldn't know anything about how "peculiar" was defined other than what's stated here; is that right?

Q. Okay. And in the next bullet, it says it suggests that peculiar order issues were to be resolved by a CSR manager. Do you see that?

Q. What's CSR stand for?

Q. And do you know who that person would have been?

Q. And two bullets down, there's a reference to a security director and DEA compliance manager. Do you know who those folks are?

Q. Do you see on the preceding page, Bates-stamped 496111, there is a heading called "Industry Events, June 16th, 2010"?

Q. Oh, sorry, next page. Yeah, next page

Q. And you see that it identifies Harvard Drug and Sunrise Distributors, the distributor we looked at earlier?

Q. And that they're identified as having their licenses suspended, correct?

Q. And looking to the next page, Bates-stamped 496112, do you see it refers to a DEA St. Louis conversation on July 20th, 2010?

Q. Were you ever involved in conversations with the DEA?

Q. You didn't have any meetings with the DEA? You didn't attend any of those?

Q. What about the prep for those?

Q. Preparation.

Q. Mm-hmm.

Q. You don't recall ever being involved in any sort of preparation for -- for meetings with the DEA?

Q. And do you see here on this page, it references that Mallinckrodt was named as a supplier of Harvard at a DEA training session in Washington, D.C.?

Q. And Harvard was one of your distributor clients, correct?

Q. Whose license was revoked, correct?

Q. No, it's okay, but it was presented to you in -- in 2011, correct?

Q. Okay. And the next -- the next line item states: "Pain clinic undercover operations reveal a cattle call scenario." What's your understanding as to what that refers to?

Q. Okay. And let's flip to that picture. It's two pages further down. And that's the picture you're referring to?

Q. The one with the long line of people waiting outside of a -- of a pain clinic?

Q. And do you have an understanding as to why this photo was included in the SOM presentation?

Q. And -- and this type of activity in this picture and the next picture which indicates, you know, a pain pill that does -- with a big sign that says "No insurance," that -- that these types of scenario -- scenarios were deemed to be suspicious or red flags for suspicious orders?

Q. And if you go two pages further where it states "Feedback Received" at the top, do you see that slide?

Q. And three lines down it states: "Agency looks to Mallinckrodt as the leader in industry."

Q. "To be the leader in SOM," correct?

Q. Was it your understanding that the DEA looked to Mallinckrodt to take its -- looked to Mallinckrodt as a leader in SOM?

Q. Okay. And is it your understanding that Mallinckrodt took its leadership position with respect to suspicious order monitoring seriously?

Q. On the next page, it says "Suspicious Order Monitoring Ongoing Opportunities." Do you see that?

Q. And it lists a number of workshops. Do you see that?

Q. Did you attend any of those?

Q. A DEA workshop on drug kickback?

Q. But you don't recall participating in it?

Q. How about the "Drug Track and Trace" workshop by the FDA?

Q. Two pages later, on the page Bates-stamped 496122, do you see that in this suspicious order monitoring program, they included

Q. So you were made aware in or about 2011 that prescription drugs are more popular with teens than cocaine, heroin and meth combined?

Q. And at the in the bottom half of that page, if you expand it just a little bit, you can see that there's another example of an overdose death. In this -- in this respect, it was Whitney Lizotte. Do you see that?

Q. And that would have been to educate the team with respect to the opioid overdose problem that -- that was -- was occurring at the time; is that right?

Q. It's a few pages long. And I will direct you to the portions of the e-mail string, because I see that it's -- it's small. My copy is small as well. But I'll represent that it -- the first e-mail in the chain is from Karen Harper.

Q. -- to Steven Becker. The subject line is "SOM customer checklists." And the Bates stamp number is 282126 through 282129.

Q. And this appears, does it not, to be an e-mail chain about suspicious order monitoring due diligence for a Smith Drug/Kroger order; is that right?

Q. If you take a look at the very last page.

Q. Do you see there's a chart there that says: "Please list all DEA registration numbers and registration types"?

Q. And is that the checklist that was part of the SOM procedure?

Q. Okay. So this is the check- -- this checklist was sent to all of your customers?

Q. And that was part of your SOM procedures?

Q. And if you -- if you look at the first page, 23251, the e-mail at the bottom is -- is from you to Karen Harper in compliance, correct?

Q. And the subject is: "We are hearing from customers that we have a new process, data integrity." Do you see that?

Q. And at the bottom of that e-mail, you state: "Can you tell me if there is any," quote/unquote, "penalty for noncompliance with the checklist? Right now it appears that this is our process we are asking the customer to participate in."

Q. And then you go on to state: "We may keep score internally, but this will not stop us from shipping."

Q. Is that your understanding, that even if the customers did not comply with this checklist, it would not keep Mallinckrodt from shipping product?

Q. Yes. You go on to state: "However, in the instance of purchasing unusual levels of C-II products, it may cause us to initiate a compliance audit sooner. Does this sound right?" Correct?

Q. And C-II is Schedule II drugs, right?

Q. Those are the drugs we're talking about, the opioids, correct?

Q. And then you state in the first paragraph of that e-mail: "I am hopeful that they will comply but will not push it." Do you see that?

Q. Do you know why the decision was made not to push the -- the checklist with the customers?

Q. If you move further up in the -- in the response e-mail from Karen Harper, she states: "At the onset of distributing S0M customer checklists, the team decided there would be no disruption in customer order processing if the customer did not return the checklist. Rather, we would work with the customer through sales so there would be no delay in processing orders." Do you see that?

Q. So do you have an understanding generally as to why Mallinckrodt made a decision that there would be no disruption in customer order processing even if the clients did not complete the checklists that were part of the S0M procedures?

Q. And you see it's an e-mail between yourself and Karen Harper on January 14th, 2011, attaching two photos. Do you see that?

Q. And these are the photos that were used as part of the SOM presentation that we looked at earlier. Do you see that?

Q. And do you see here Karen is forwarding the photos to you and stating that these were provided to us by the DEA as part of their ongoing investigation of True-Value Pharmacy, correct?

Q. So it says: "We discussed True-Value Pharmacy during today's suspicious order monitoring meeting." Correct?

Q. Okay. And then it goes on to state: "They were provided to us by DEA as part of their ongoing investigation." Correct?

Q. Do you know -- do you recall this communication with Karen Harper?

Q. And it states: "We will include a copy of the photos and the PowerPoint for the NAMs during our meeting on January 25th or January 26th." Correct?

Q. Is NAMs national account managers?

Q. Okay. Does that refresh your recollection that the PowerPoint presentation that we looked at with respect to this suspicious order monitoring would have been presented to the national account managers?

Q. Do you know whether it was provided to both groups or -- national account managers are part of the marketing department, or no?

Q. Okay. So national account managers are in --

Q. -- sales. And who's the head of the marketing department?

Q. Do you remember ever stopping shipments to True-Value?

Q. And this appears to be an e-mail exchange between you and Karen Harper and Victor Borelli, correct?

Q. And do you see that Mr. Borelli is forwarding you an article with respect to a family physician and pharmacist that was arrested in a drug conspiracy and healthcare fraud case? Do you see that?

Q. And this was a Montgomery County physician and a northeastern Philadelphia pharmacist, correct?

Q. It's stated right there on the first page.

Q. Three lines under the press release.

Q. And so you became aware in or about August of 2011 that there was a 498-count indictment charging 53 defendants, including this physician and pharmacist, in a multimillion-dollar drug conspiracy; is that right? And I refer you to the first sentence of the actual article, which is on the next page.

Q. So you understood from this article that was circulated to you from Victor Borelli that the abuse of prescription medications had become a major public health crisis fueled by fraud?

Q. And you're aware that you received it in August of 2011, correct?

Q. It's Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt Ti 0000290934 to 35. And it's an e-mail string with you, a number of others and Victor Borelli. Do you see that?

Q. And the subject line is "CVS Caremark Transitioning Generic Pharma." Do you see that?

Q. It is, yes. Do you --

Q. Do you see it?

Q. Do you see here that Mr. Borelli -- and who was Mr. Borelli, for the record?

Q. That you worked -- did you work pretty closely with Mr. Borelli?

Q. And you communicated with him on a pretty regular basis, correct?

Q. Okay. And do you see here -- well, actually, who is Brenda Rehkop? R-E-H-K-O-P.

Q. Do you recall --

Q. Okay. So she's customer service. And do you see that he's writing to her and stating, "Let's not take suspicious order" -- "Let's" -- sorry -- "Let's not let suspicious order monitoring limit or restrict shipments because this is only a swapping of business between wholesalers." Do you see that?

Q. And was it your understanding that -- that Mallinckrodt was not going to let suspicious order monitoring limit or restrict shipments?

Q. And as a result, Mr. Borelli did not want to let suspicious order monitoring limit or restrict shipments, correct? MS. McINTYRE: Object to form. Jill McIntyre.

Q. I didn't ask you if there was anything wrong.

Q. I just asked if -- if essentially Mr. Borelli's position was that, as stated here, McKesson -- I'm sorry -- Mallinckrodt should not let suspicious order monitoring limit or restrict shipments.

Q. Is that what it states here?

Q. Okay. The next document I will have marked as Exhibit 9, and it's Mallinckrodt T1-0000473285. And there is an un-Bates-stamped article attached to it, which is the article that is referenced in the e-mail. And this appears to be an e-mail from Donald Lohman to you and others Do you see that?

Q. Is Donald -- Donald Lohman counsel?

Q. What was his position?

Q. And the subject line is "Five Miami pharmacies raided," correct?

Q. And if you look to the next page, you see the title of the article is "Feds seize records from several Miami pharmacies," correct?

Q. And did you have an opportunity to review the article?

Q. And you reviewed this article about the feds seizing records from several Miami pharmacies back in 2011; is that right?

Q. And do you see here it's stated from Donald Lohman, the associate general counsel, in the e-mail to you and the others that the pharmacies raided appear to be AmerisourceBergen customers, correct?

Q. I'd like to have this next document marked as Exhibit 10. It's Mallinckrodt T1-0000495336 through 495343, and it's an e-mail string, the top of which is from Brenda Rehkop.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And this appears to be an e-mail string about recent shipments to Masters; is that right?

Q. Okay. And it was shipments for an order of fentanyl patches and morphine sulfate. Do you see that?

Q. Fentanyl patches and morphine sulfate.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And is it your understanding that these orders were shipped despite the fact that -- that --

Q. Well, hang on. Let me -- let me finish my question.

Q. Is it your understanding from looking at this that some of this product got shipped even after the shipments were supposed to be halted?

Q. So you see on the first page, there's -- there's a list of product shipment dates. Do you see that?

Q. And it states below that: "Karen, here is what I came up with for the last shipments of oxy to Masters. Hope this helps." Do you see that?

Q. And then if you scroll down to the e-mail from Brenda to Karen Harper, it states: "Here is what was actually shipped since July 1st, 2011." Do you see that?

Q. And then if you scroll down a little bit further from the -- to the e-mail from Jim Rausch to Karen Harper, do you see it states: "Karen, Brenda Rehkop is checking on the date these products were shipped to verify whether the restrictions on the account were in effect or not at the time of the shipments. We'll let you know what we find out." Do you see that?

Q. And do you see the response just above that?

Q. Is it your understanding from looking at this that there were shipments of fentanyl that were shipped to Masters even after they were supposed to be halted?

Q. If you scroll down

Q. Okay. So do you see the Rehkop e-mail at the bottom of the page?

Q. Do you see halfway down on the screen, it says: "Steve Becker, I will be happy to coordinate the return of the fentanyl patches and morphine sulfate that shipped in error. Please advise who you would like for me to contact or please feel free to give my contact information to the customer." Do you see that?

Q. Does this suggest to you that the orders were shipped when they ought not to have been?

Q. Okay. I'll have the next document marked as Exhibit 11. It's an e-mail string between you, among others, and Karen Harper. It's Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt T1-0000561580 through 582

Q. It's a one-page e-mail string, and then there's two graphics attached to it. Do you see that?

Q. Take a moment to look at the document.

Q. Do you recall that you did an onsite audit of KeySource in 2010?

Q. Do you recall knowing that Mallinckrodt was doing an onsite audit of KeySource in or about 2010?

Q. In December of 2010, you don't remember anything about it?

Q. And do you see from the chart that they show a pretty phenomenal peak in terms of KeySource oxycodone distribution, the first looking at the first chart?

Q. And there's a pretty phenomenal peak, particularly in Florida, from 2009 through 2011. Do you see that?

Q. Yeah, but I'm asking you about this one for now.

Q. A pretty significant impact increase, correct?

Q. And do you know anything about what happened at the on-site audit of KeySource in December of 2010?

Q. Do you have any knowledge of it?

Q. You don't recall hearing from compliance what happened at the audit?

Q. But Mallinckrodt did not halt shipments to KeySource as a as a result of that audit?

Q. Or as a result of its phenomenal peak increase in sales, correct? MS. McINTYRE: Object to form.

Q. And you don't recall?

Q. Do you recall halting sales for KeySource at all?

Q. So Mallinckrodt halted orders after the license was suspended, but didn't halt orders after seeing the phenomenal peak or doing an on-site audit in December of 2010; is that correct? MS. McINTYRE: Objection to form.

Q. The top of the e-mail shows that it's an e-mail from Ryan Dunehew. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know who Ryan Dunehew is?

Q. And do you see the subject is is a forward of something called "Investigations"?

Q. Okay. And do you see about three-quarters of the way down the page -- actually, let's go to the very bottom of the document. It states in an e-mail from Jennifer Buist -- who is Jennifer Buist?

Q. -- that: "We are in the process of investigating the CH -- CAH orders on hold. Can you please provide insight as to why the order listed in the attachment is vastly higher than the awarded amount." Do you see that?

Q. And also it states: "Also, once you receive a response from CAH regarding the fentanyl patch orders, please include Gayle and myself." Do you see that?

Q. And it states: "Orders remain on U2 hold." Do you see that?

Q. What does CAH refer to?

Q. And what is a U2 hold?

Q. Suspicious order monitoring hold?

Q. Why did -- what does U2 stand for, do you know?

Q. So U2 hold is a suspicious order monitoring hold?

Q. Do you see a little bit further up the line, it states in an e-mail from Steven Becker -- Who's Steven Becker?

Q. It states: "This is the RFP 2013 contract award order. Please process and ship." Do you see that?

Q. And a little further up in the e-mail from Jennifer Buist, it states: "The order quantity exceeds the RFP quantity. We're trying to understand the difference." Do you see that?

Q. And then if you go even further up, you see in the e-mail from Ryan Dunehew: "I just received the numbers after our discussion, and I can't explain away Cardinal's order for an increase in the 50/50 split, as the increase is 500 percent more than the awarded quantity." Do you see that?

Q. Would you agree that 500 percent more is

Q. And that's why it was flagged by the suspicious order monitoring team?

Q. And do you see a little bit further up in the e-mail from Steven Becker, it says: "Please process"?

Q. Sure. The sentence states: "They do not want to change the order quantities at this time as the order is in-house. They have seen an increase on the product since the RFP. It will be

Q. So ultimately the 500 percent increased order of fentyl -- fentanyl patch -- patches were shipped to Cardinal Health, correct?

Q. If you go back down to the very last line of the last page of the document, it says: "A response from Cardinal Health regarding the fentanyl patch orders" -- do you see that?

Q. So ultimately that 500 percent increase was shipped; is that right?

Q. And you can see the e-mail from Ryan Dunehew that says, "Please process," correct?

Q. Do you see --

Q. And that's in response to the e-mail from Ryan Dunehew with respect to the 500 percent more than awarded quantity. Correct?

Q. I see. So the 500 percent more might have to do with the 15 milliliter quantity of

Q. Morphine.

Q. Okay. So even if that's the case, then what that means is that the 500 percent more -- the 500 percent more than awarded quantity of 15 milliliter quantity was shipped. Correct? Or was -- was processed according to this.

Q. Sure. We just know that it's a 500 percent increase from this e-mail, right?

Q. And that the end -- the end result was that he asked for it to be processed, correct? The end result of this e-mail.

Q. Okay. Did you ever hear that -- did you ever hear anything about your downstream customers? And I mean not your distributor customers but their customers, their downstream customers targeting pill mills in order to increase sales.

Q. Yeah, did you ever hear that, that that was happening?

Q. Did -- but did you ever hear that it was happening or that that was --

Q. Targeting of high prescribers, yeah.

Q. Targeting of extraordinarily high prescribers.

Q. Well, it could be a physician practicing at a pill mill or you could have the name of the pill mill entity. But did you ever hear that as a -- as a business model, there were folks who were targeting these highest of high prescribers in order to increase sales?

Q. You never heard that? Did you ever hear that one of your customers, KeySource, was looking for a list of pill mills in order to target high prescribers and increase sales?

Q. Just take a look -- you're not actually on this document --

Q. -- as a recipient, but if you could take

Q. And -- and particularly at the end, if you start at the end because that's where the e-mail string begins, it's -- Mr. Cochrane is asking Mr. Borelli: "In the doesn't hurt to ask," quote/unquote, "category, do you have a list of pain clinics? And if not, do you know where we can get one cheap," in parentheses, "read: Free," close parens, question mark. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And do you see Mr. Borelli's response is: "I do not. I think that they, the Cinci bad boys, buy that list, but I don't know where they get that from. NACDS might be a good place to snoop around." What's NACDS?

Q. Okay. And do you know who the "Cinci bad boys" are?

Q. And do you see just above from Steven Cochrane, it says: "Stephanie found a good source for pain clinics online. Got her pumped up now. We're off to the races." Do you see that?

Q. Did Mr. Borelli ever share with you that KeySource was trying to get a list of pain clinics in order to use for marketing purposes?

Q. He never shared that with you?

Q. Mm-hmm.

Q. Okay. Was Mr. Borelli the sales -- the account manager that was primarily responsible for KeySource?

Q. Who designed Mr. Borelli's sales targets?

Q. While you were there.

Q. So that would have been you and Mike Gunner?

Q. And -- and how did you determine what sales targets Mr. Borelli or any others of your sales reps should have? What went into that process?

Q. Were you -- do you recall that Mr. Borelli's sales targets for KeySource went up pretty significantly --

Q. -- while you were there? You don't remember that? Do you remember his sales targets generally going up pretty significantly while you were there?

Q. If Mr. Borelli's sales targets for KeySource went from 500,000 in 2009 to about a million in 2010 to about 5 million in 2011, would that come as a surprise to you --

Q. -- or does that sound about right?

Q. Have you reviewed Mr. Borelli's deposition

Q. -- transcript?

Q. No. In preparation for this?

Q. Has anybody -- have you talked with -- did you talk with anybody at Mallinckrodt in preparation -- apart from your counsel, in preparation for today's deposition?

Q. Were you aware that oxy 15 and oxy 30 were among KeySource's primary drugs that they were ordering shipments for?

Q. Huge products for Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. And -- and large products for KeySource, correct?

Q. And were you aware that oxy 15 and oxy 30 were among the most abused opioids in Florida?

Q. Were you aware that they were among the most abused opioids nationally?

Q. Yeah, let's talk about prescription opioids.

Q. And they were two of Mallinckrodt's best -- best selling products, correct?

Q. And were you aware that you had many Florida distributors buying solely oxy 15 and oxy 30 from Mallinckrodt?

Q. You didn't know that?

Q. But I suppose if you wanted to know that for certain, you could look at the chargeback data, correct?

Q. And that would show precisely which customers were purchasing which drugs, right? We just looked at that.

Q. Are you saying that you didn't have access to chargeback data while you were there?

Q. Right. But the charge -- that was just

Q. You understood that chargeback data was being tracked at Mallinckrodt while you worked at Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Okay. Were you aware at any time that oxy 15 and oxy 30 were subject to inappropriate sales?

Q. What about Mallinckrodt's downstream customers?

Q. Was it your understanding that due to inappropriate sales of oxy 15 and oxy 30 that that's the reason that those two drugs were dropped from your incentive program?

Q. Well, do you recall oxy 15 and oxy 30 being dropped by your -- from your incentive program?

Q. Can you describe generally what the incentive program is?

Q. Now, what is your -- did you understand at any time that oxy 15 and oxy 30 were dropped from an -- from your incentive program?

Q. You don't know one way or the other.

Q. Can you describe generally the VIP program?

Q. It's Mallinckrodt T1-0007251430 through 1431. If you can take a look at the e-mail. It's from Ginger Collier.

Q. Okay. Do you see -- so, first of all, what's Ginger Collier's position again, do you recall?

Q. And Karen Lasker?

Q. And Cardetti, Lisa Cardetti?

Q. And Steven Becker?

Q. And this e-mail chain is from 2012, correct?

Q. And it's titled "Cardinal Review Summary and Next Steps." Do you see that?

Q. And if you look to where halfway down the page, it states: "We reviewed the top line financial summary with David with the current proposed structure, which was approved as follows," and it says: "23 percent base rebate, VIP target 19 percent, annual review of tiers paid quarterly." Do you see that?

Q. And it goes on to state: "No cover for lost VIP on oxycodone 15 and 30. Can't cover for inappropriate sales. Don't say it that way to Cardinal." Do you see that?

Q. And what's your understanding of -- of what -- what this is addressing?

Q. And -- and why were you removing -- or it looks to be a removal of oxy 15 and 30 from the customer's incentive program because of inappropriate sales. Would you agree?

Q. And by "challenged products," you mean that oxy 15 and 30 were among the most highly abused and best selling products in Florida; is that right?

Q. And as a result, there was a revamping of the rebate program; is that right?

Q. And oxy 15 and 30 were excluded because of -- of the high abuse, correct?

Q. And because there had been inappropriate sales, as it states here halfway through, correct?

Q. And why didn't you want to -- to say it that way to Cardinal?

Q. Sure. But for this particular e-mail, it says halfway through -- through the page where it's discussing the inappropriate sales of oxy 15 and 30, quote/unquote: Don't say it that way to Cardinal. Is there a reason that you wouldn't have said it just in that way to Cardinal?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt or anyone at Mallinckrodt that you were aware of ever -- ever work to increase the quotas -- the quotas that governed the manufacture and distribution of prescription opioids?

Q. Mm-hmm.

Q. Okay. And who was responsible for -- for working with the DEA and -- and requesting increases in quotas?

Q. Do you know generally?

Q. What's the API plant?

Q. So compliance would have been Karen Harper and her team, correct?

Q. And manufacturing, who would have who would you think, if you had to guess, from manufacturing would have been involved in talking with the DEA about increasing quotas?

Q. Do you know who that was at the time?

Q. And do you know whether anybody at Mallinckrodt was involved in lobbying efforts with respect to increased quotas?

Q. You don't have any information about Mallinckrodt's lobbying efforts at all?

Q. Do you know what department handled that?

Q. And -- and asking that question more broadly and not just with respect to quotas, do you have any knowledge as to individuals at Mallinckrodt that were involved in any sort of lobbying that would have any impact on -- on their opioids business?

Q. Do you recall talk with respect to a bill that was being proposed to change the scheduling of certain opioid drugs that also had -- they were called the APAP. Do you know what APAP stands for?

Q. And is it your understanding that the opioid drugs -- what does APAP stand for?

Q. Right. So the opioid drugs with acetaminophen moved from Schedule III to Schedule II, do you know when that happened?

Q. Do you recall any discussion at Mallinckrodt about the legislation that was being proposed with respect to the movement of those drugs from C-III to C-II?

Q. What was the general discussion that you recall?

Q. Is that the only change that that type of legislation would have on Mallinckrodt's business?

Q. So moving from a C-III to a C-II scheduling would have a pretty impact -- a pretty significant impact on sales; is that right?

Q. What do you mean by "customer capability"?

Q. And just for the record, let's clarify what we mean by C-II and C-III. What's your understanding of C-II?

Q. And that's because the C-II products are considered to have much -- a much higher potential for abuse; is that right?

Q. Is that your understanding?

Q. And you don't know who at Mallinckrodt, if anybody, was involved in lobbying with respect to that legislation?

Q. And that was legislation with respect to the hydro/APAPs, correct?

Q. It's an e-mail from Donald Lohman to you, among others. Do you see that?

Q. And do you see here the title is "ANDA Florida Oxy Multi."

Q. And attached to it is a spreadsheet identifying the top 80 pharmacies by volume of Mallinckrodt's oxycodone 30 milligrams.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. I might ask you the same --

Q. -- question because it was produced by your counsel, that count.

Q. And does this data come from -- do you know whether this -- what system this data comes from?

Q. Oh, there we have it. So this is a portion -- this is an example of a portion of the chargeback data that I showed to you earlier, correct?

Q. Okay. So you had access to this data throughout your tenure at Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. And this is an example of such a report?

Q. And this one was showing you the top 80 pharmacies by volume for oxycodone 30 milligrams --

Q. -- in Florida. Correct?

Q. Or the top 80 pharmacies and they happen to be in Florida. Do you recall requesting this report?

Q. Do you know why you were provided with this report?

Q. Well, it doesn't say in here that the customer requested it. It just says "as requested," and he's not sending it to the customer, right, or is he?

Q. Ah, Michael Cochrane is at ANDA. Is that it?

Q. Got it. Okay. Do you know for what purpose this was sent?

Q. You don't recall?

Q. Do you mean -- when you say "by the very end," the last column shows total number of distributors. Is that what you're talking about?

Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt purchased any data from -- from distributors with respect to their -- their sales to downstream clients, customers?

Q. You don't know the answer to that?

Q. Do you know whether Mallinckrodt purchased any data from IMS or any other third- party vendors that provide data collection services?

Q. Anybody else?

Q. Did you have occasion to work directly with IMS?

Q. Did you receive the IMS data?

Q. And you had access to the IMS data while you were there then.

Q. That showed what?

Q. Did the IMS data provide the same detail that we looked at in the chargeback data?

Q. But you don't remember one way or another?

Q. So you primarily got IMS data from the marketing team that showed product, competitors and market share; is that right?

Q. Can you walk me through the types of marketing tools that Mallinckrodt used to increase sales of its generic opioids to its -- to its customers?

Q. So I'll have this document marked as Exhibit -- what number are we on, 16?

Q. And this is a document Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt 0000613481 through 613521. And the title is "Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Specialty Generics Overview, Hobart Meeting, November 14, 2013." Have you seen this document before?

Q. Okay. And -- and what was the Hobart meeting in November of 2013, do you know?

Q. And this is a

Q. -- a specialty generics overview. Did you put this overview together?

Q. Who would have put this together?

Q. Do you recall who -- who would -- who did this one, or no?

Q. Okay. Do you remember being present at that meeting?

Q. And if you turn to the first page, you see -- or the second page, you see an organizational chart.

Q. Does this look accurate to you, this org chart?

Q. Are you on here? I'm trying to see.

Q. I see. It's just -- it's just it's faded on mine. Okay. And what was the purpose of this presentation, do you know?

Q. That's the title, but this would have been presented to who?

Q. For what purpose?

Q. So they have an understanding of -- of what's happening in terms of the -- the generic sales; is that right?

Q. And on page, it looks like, 4, there's a chart that shows "Projected generic total market sales" in the billions. Do you see that?

Q. And who would have put this chart together?

Q. Okay. So not the sales department, not your department?

Q. You wouldn't have had any input into any of this?

Q. Well, we'll get to it.

Q. The next page has "Key competitors for Mallinckrodt products." Was that your understanding, that Actavis was one of the -- the biggest key competitors for the Mallinckrodt generic opioids?

Q. And it says on this: "Can Sylvia or LouAnn update this?" Who are Sylvia or LouAnn, do you know?

Q. So the marketing -- marketing group is the group that housed the IMS data?

Q. On the next page, you see a slide on industry trends. Do you see that?

Q. And it notes in the third bullet: "Wholesalers need to pass along incentives and allowances." What were the incentives and the allowances that the wholesalers were expected to pass on?

Q. Would those incentives include pricing -- pricing and incentive programs and rebate programs?

Q. On the next page, it states under "Industry Trends" that generics were expected to expand internationally. Was that -- was that your understanding at the time, that they were expanding generic opioids internally?

Q. But Mallinckrodt's -- the biggest percentage of Mallinckrodt's generic drugs were opioids; is that right?

Q. Was it your understanding that Mallinckrodt was expanding its generic opioids business internationally?

Q. That wasn't your understanding? Was it your understanding they weren't expanding it internationally?

Q. Okay. So you don't have an understanding one way or the other as to whether or not there was a group that was expanding it internationally; is that right?

Q. And what department would the international expansion have -- have come from?

Q. Okay. So you're not aware of any --

Q. -- that deals with international sales.

Q. A little further down it states: "Look to niche markets for growth opportunities."

Q. What niche markets was Mallinckrodt looking to -- to expand its generics market?

Q. So -- and and Mallinckrodt was a big part of that generic industry, right?

Q. Relative to your competitors?

Q. Relative to generic competitors, wouldn't you say that Mallinckrodt was -- I mean, if you look back three pages, it's got Actavis here on the first line and Mallinckrodt on the second --

Q. -- in terms

Q. Right.

Q. Was Mallinckrodt looking to niche markets to expand its generic business?

Q. So its competitors were doing that, but Mallinckrodt was not?

Q. If you scroll through a few pages, you get to a chart that states "Net Sales Percent by Channel."

Q. Was this your -- your general understanding as to Mallinckrodt's net sales percent by channel?

Q. With wholesaler being the largest at 51 percent, correct?

Q. And retail -- retail being second largest at 21 percent?

Q. And what types of organizations would have been in retail?

Q. And what types of organizations are in the managed care segment?

Q. And on the next page, it states that 11 -- in a slide headed "Customers driving net sales," do you see that?

Q. It states that 11 accounts drive 84 percent of net sales, correct?

Q. Do you know who some of those -- what some of those 11 accounts were?

Q. And scrolling through the next couple of pages, you see there's a section on products, right?

Q. And products driving net sales. Do you see that?

Q. And this is consistent with your understanding that hydrocodone and oxycodone were -- comprised a significant majority of your net sales; is that right?

Q. 0xycodone/APAP and hydrocodone, are those both part of the same segment? Right?

Q. Oh, I see. There's shades of gray. All right. It looks like hydro -- hydrocodone is certainly the largest segment, correct?

Q. Can you scroll to the document Bates-stamped 613514. It's called "Initiatives and Promotions." Do you see that?

Q. So under "Initiatives and Promotions," for the specialty generics presentation, they have

Q. And under the "Current Market Model," it states that: "Products are pushed out to customers through pricing and incentive programs." Do you see that?

Q. What is your understanding as to what those pricing and incentive programs were?

Q. The VIP programs.

Q. Were there any other types of programs other than the VIP programs that we already discussed?

Q. What about the rebate programs?

Q. The Volume Incentive Program was the same as your rebate program?

Q. Can you just talk to me generally about the difference between a Volume Incentive Program and -- and a rebate program.

Q. On the next page, there's a slide titled "Initiatives." Do you see that?

Q. What was the preceptorship program?

Q. And on the next page under "Initiatives," it says "Customer connectivity initiative." Do you see that?

Q. What was that?

Q. And did you also have an initiative to brand your suspicious order marketing -- monitoring system?

Q. If you turn two pages further. Does that refresh your recollection that you might have had an initiative to brand your SOM program?

Q. And you see under the -- the first line thereunder, it says: "DEA actions against wholesalers and retailers for what the DEA perceives to be inappropriate distribution or dispensing of controlled substances"?

Q. Do you recall anything about the MOST program?

Q. Was there a sense that there was a disconnect between Mallinckrodt's view of inappropriate distribution and the D- -- what the DEA perceived to be inappropriate distribution?

Q. And on the next page under "Critical Success Factors," it was considered a critical success factor that Mallinckrodt grow the HB/APAP 325 milligrams market share, correct?

Q. What does HB stand for again?

Q. So in addition to growing the hydrocodone bitartrate --

Q. -- APAP market share, Mallinckrodt was intending to stabilize the oxy/APAP share to avoid eroding current margin, correct?

Q. To keep business and grow the generic opioid business, correct?

Q. Mm-hmm. Let's have the next document marked as Exhibit 17.

Q. It's Mallinckrodt 0000496778 through 496784. And do you see here we have an e-mail string beginning from Victor Borelli to yourself in -- on May 24th, 2011, and it attaches an amendment to a "PrxO Generics Program Addendum to Distribution Services Agreement." Do you see that?

Q. And it's a distribution services agreement with AmerisourceBergen, correct?

Q. And is this a typical distribution services agreement with -- with distributors of the size of AmerisourceBergen, would you say?

Q. Okay. And you see that there's -- there's a chart under Schedule 2 that identifies rebate percentages?

Q. And it appears that those rebate percentages are being offered based on a yearly dollar volume, correct?

Q. So does that mean that if AmerisourceBergen sells oxycodone hydrochloride extended-release tablets in the range of 80 million to 90 million, they receive a 13 percent rebate percentage, correct?

Q. Okay. Can you tell me what it means?

Q. Got it. Okay. So this -- so they had to sell all the generic products in a range of 80 to $89.9 million in order to get a rebate percentage of 13 percent; is that right?

Q. Okay. And then in order to get a 17.5 percent rebate percentage, they have to sell above 150 million, correct?

Q. And is this rebate system pretty typical for your -- your key distributor customers?

Q. Okay. But this range here, 13 percent to 17.5 percent, was that a range that was generally used, do you know?

Q. Why do you say that?

Q. So your understanding was that there were different ranges for different customers. Here it happens to be a rebate range of 13 percent to 17.5 percent. Other customers might have had a variance from that range.

Q. And what's -- what's the service level rebate that's identified here?

Q. And what are the factors that go into that determination as to whether or not they've been fulfilled with a certain level of completeness?

Q. And what was the PRxO Generics program?

Q. And do you know anything about that proprietary program?

Q. Well, did you have -- did you have any contracts with any of your distributor customers for marketing services?

Q. Did you have a contract with AmerisourceBergen with respect to the PRxO marketing?

Q. So you would have contracted with AmerisourceBergen for AmerisourceBergen to market the generic opioids; is that right?

Q. No, but it included generic opioids.

Q. Okay. It included these products on the Appendix A to Schedule 2; is that right?

Q. From the marketing?

Q. And did you pay AmerisourceBergen a certain amount on a regular basis for their marketing, or was that just worked into the regular contract? How did that work?

Q. And did you review AmerisourceBergen's marketing materials?

Q. You didn't. You personally didn't.

Q. Do you know if anybody else at Mallinckrodt did?

Q. Do you know whether the marketing department would have -- I mean, if anybody at Mallinckrodt did, would it have been the marketing department, do you think?

Q. I'll have the next document marked as Exhibit 18.

Q. It's Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt 0000499574 through 575. It begins as an e-mail string from Victor Borelli to you.

Q. Okay. Do you see at the beginning of the e-mail, which is towards the bottom, there's a message from you to your team that says: "As we move forward with new contracts and renegotiations, I would like to establish some new guidelines as goals for our group. We need to limit the number of rebates that we are putting in place. We need to consider our fee structure for marketing services, administration, pick/pack/ship, et cetera. We need to cap rebate tiers at a 10 percent level. Rebates should always be growth incentive with new baseline and goal tiers annually based on opportunity with the account." Do you see that?

Q. Now, was this was this a change that you were putting into place in 2011?

Q. And do you recall why -- why you were making these changes?

Q. And -- and this, when put into place, was expected to drive net sales; is that right?

Q. So when you're saying, "We need to limit the number of rebates we're putting in place," isn't that going to -- it's going to increase dollars -- what was the objective of limiting the numbers of rebates?

Q. If you limit the number of rebates, does that mean that Mallinckrodt has to pay less in rebates to its customers?

Q. Because you could increase the dollar amounts for other types of rebates; is that what you're saying?

Q. I see. The end goal is ultimately -- or the ultimate goal is to increase net sales, right?

Q. And where you state, "We need to consider our fee structure for marketing services" --

Q. -- do you recall what consideration was given or what change was made to -- to your fee structure for marketing services for generic opioids and other drugs generally?

Q. With their marketing program?

Q. And it appears you got some pushback from Mr. Borelli on this. Do you see that?

Q. Do you understand what the nature of his complaint was?

Q. What was it?

Q. And he didn't want to have to reduce them further; is that right?

Q. And he states here: "While I know we have a branded sales force, we are the dog and they are the tail when it comes to sales, volumes and profits." And he's talking here about generics as opposed to brand drugs; is that right?

Q. So in his analogy, the generic opioid business was the dog and the branded opioid business was -- was the tail. Is that right?

Q. I'll have the next document marked as Exhibit 19. It's Mallinckrodt 0000383802. And it begins with an e-mail from Mr. Borelli to yourself on January 19th, 2011, titled "KMI's Current VIP Program."

Q. And you see at the bottom, it starts with an e-mail from Victor Borelli to Michael Gunning.

Q. And he's discussing KeySource. Do you see that?

Q. And at the bottom he states: "I will create a new program that targets growth as well as excludes 100 percent of all oxycodone 30 milligram sales to Florida. This way we keep them focused on the broad portfolio of products in distribution and not just the oxy 30 milligram SKU." Do you see that?

Q. Do you have a recollection of -- of this issue arising?

Q. But do you have an understanding -- you understood at the time that you were excluding oxy 30 sales to Florida through KeySource, correct?

Q. And you were doing that because oxy 30 sales to Florida were so massive at the time, and oxy 30 was considered one of the most abused drugs; is that right?

Q. Apart from the pricing and incentive programs, the customer connectivity program, the VIP program, and the marketing that you paid your distributor customers to perform, were there any other marketing tools that Mallinckrodt was using to increase sales?

Q. Can you describe the sales out promotion?

Q. When you say they asked if you would support them in promoting products, what do you mean by "support"? What support did you offer them in the promotion of those products?

Q. I see. So you would help them finance their marketing?

Q. Any other marketing tools that you can think of?

Q. How about attending trade shows?

Q. Okay. And I'll have the next document marked as Exhibit 20. It's Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt 000063 -- 663716 through 663788, entitled "Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Specialty Generics Strategic Plan 2014 to 2019."

Q. And if you -- if you flip through it, you will see that it appears to be a PowerPoint, which includes maybe some of the same slides that we've looked at in others. I don't know that it's -- that it's identical. But if you look at page 663784 towards the back, there's a slide entitled "Communication Strategies." Do you see that?

Q. And it appears that this -- this too falls under the "Initiatives and Promotions" section of this PowerPoint, if you look two pages before. Do you see that?

Q. Mm-hmm.

Q. Okay. So under this section "Initiatives and Promotions," you get to the slide entitled "Communication Strategies." Do you see that?

Q. And the first line states: "Trade journal advertising and direct mail." Do you see that?

Q. Now, was Mallinckrodt engaged in trade journal advertising and direct mail for its generic opioids?

Q. And what type of trade journal advertising did Mallinckrodt participate in for its generic opioids?

Q. And what types of advertising pieces would Mallinckrodt put into those journals?

Q. And would you see those product-specific ads before they were placed?

Q. Do you recall any of them?

Q. And did you have sell sheets for all of your generic opioids?

Q. Did you have them for many of them? I mean, which ones do you recall having sell sheets for?

Q. And would those sell sheets that were placed in the trade journals for advertising purposes be created by the marketing department?

Q. Do you know what external agency was creating those sell sheets?

Q. Who would you ask at Mallinckrodt if you wanted to know that?

Q. And as part of that sentence, it says also that there was direct mail. Were those sell sheets mailed directly to customers?

Q. And would that be the same outside agency?

Q. It would be a different one?

Q. Do you recall any other trade journals in which Mallinckrodt was ad- -- advertising for opioid generics?

Q. And how did Mallinckrodt go about reinforcing and educating about pain management expertise? Which is the fourth bullet here.

Q. And -- and who were they educating about that?

Q. So the wholesalers, distributors and pharmacies were receiving this type of advertising?

Q. On the next page, which is entitled "Other Promotional Activities," do you see that?

Q. And there is a bullet for "Trade show and mailing premiums." Do you see that?

Q. How is this mailing premium different from the direct mail that we just talked about, do you know?

Q. Okay. Can you think of any other type -- types of mailers other than the ones you've already discussed?

Q. Okay. So trade shows, did Mallinckrodt participate regularly in trade shows to increase sales for its generic opioid products?

Q. Well, to grow to grow the business then maybe --

Q. To grow the generic opioid business participation in trade shows would help that, correct?

Q. But included generic opioid.

Q. And do you recall creating or do you recall seeing brochures that were used or handouts that were used at the trade shows?

Q. And what -- what types of handouts or brochures were used at the trade shows to -- to market products, if any?

Q. So they were not on par with the sell sheets we already discussed?

Q. Okay. So these were general in nature about Mallinckrodt's business?

Q. And what would they say about the pain management space?

Q. To the extent you recall.

Q. Of -- of opioid products?

Q. And who was attending these trade shows where you would hand out these advertising brochures?

Q. Would prescribers come?

Q. Anyone else that you can think of that would attend the trade shows?

Q. And your competitors would be there as well?

Q. And as an example of the trade show and mailing premiums, it lists "Pain Scale" underneath. Do you see that?

Q. And what was the pain scale?

Q. Is that the one with the happy faces?

Q. So zero is like a happy face and 10 is like --

Q. -- a miserable face. And that was to assess people's pain, and -- and it was used as part of -- as a promotional activity at your trade shows; is that right?

Q. But on this side, "Pain Scale" is listed under the heading "Other Promotional Activities." Do you see that?

Q. And what was the side effect checklist?

Q. Do you recall that there were such a thing as side effect checklists that were handed out as promotional materials at trade shows?

Q. Is that something if you wanted to see it, you would ask your marketing department?

Q. And how about the "Ease Your Pain" brochure? Do you recall that?

Q. But it appears that the "Ease Your Pain" brochures that were used at trade shows for marketing purposes were customized for key accounts; is that right?

Q. So the second key bullet under "Other Promotional Activities" is "Advisory Boards." Do you see that?

Q. What participation did Mallinckrodt have with advisory boards to promote its products?

Q. Is it something that somebody from marketing would be participating in?

Q. So you don't recall what -- what this is referring to, the note about advisory boards on the other promotional activities slide?

Q. If you wanted to know, who would you ask at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And you see it's -- it begins as an e-mail from Mary Beth Walton dated March 23rd, 2012, to you and others. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And it appears to attach a couple of pain cards. Do you see that?

Q. Are these the types of cards informational cards that were -- that were used at the trade shows that we just discussed, do you know?

Q. So -- but these were available at the trade shows, right?

Q. Okay. And you didn't have any input into create -- creating those, correct?

Q. That would have come from your marketing department?

Q. From the marketing consultant?

Q. Okay. Do you see at the -- at the top of the pain management pocket card set under "General approach to pain management," it states: "Always ask patient about the presence of pain and accept the patient's report of pain"?

Q. And do you see two boxes down under "Treat," it says: "With older adults, start dose low, go slow, but go," with two exclamation points?

Q. And under "Monitor," do you see the first bullet says: "Assess and reassess pain frequently"?

Q. And just under that, it says: "Most opioid agonists have no analgesic ceiling dose." Do you see that?

Q. Do you have an understanding as to what that means?

Q. "No ceiling dose," do you have an understanding that that means that there's there's no cap on how high the dose can be?

Q. You have no idea what that means?

Q. Okay. Do you see under "Adjustment" in the next column, it says: "If the patient is consistently taking greater than three rescue doses daily, consider increasing the baseline, around-the-clock dosage"? Do you see that?

Q. So brochures such as these were used at trade shows, potentially in mailers, and in any other circumstances that you can think -- think of?

Q. Is it the pharmacist who actually asks the patient about the presence of pain and accepts the patient's report of pain?

Q. But is it your understanding that typically a pharmacist would be the person to ask the patient about the presence of pain and accept the patient's report of pain, or is that more likely to be done by a prescriber?

Q. Me too.

Q. Have you seen a document like this before?

Q. And is it your understanding that -- that this is a schedule of the different types of conventions that -- that we've just been talking about that were attended by Mallinckrodt for purposes of promoting product?

Q. And is there so I see. So in the column that says "Business Group," is that where you would look to see what division was attending the trade show?

Q. So if it says "GEN," is that your group?

Q. That's -- GEN is for generics?

Q. And how about specialty?

Q. What was specialty?

Q. Which would include brand opioids, right?

Q. You don't know whether it included brand opioids?

Q. Exalgo, are you familiar with that product?

Q. And Xartemis, are you familiar with that product?

Q. Were those brand opioids?

Q. And on the column C, it says "Convention," and you see American Academy of Family Physicians?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And does that mean that that was a convention for that academy?

Q. So if you look at the first generics conference, it says, "PCMA, Pharmaceutical Care Management association." Is that right?

Q. Okay. And so is -- is the group identified in column C, is that the group that's hosting the conference? Or what is that denoting?

Q. I see. So the first one I see is "Pharmacy Select Annual Vendor Meeting." Do you see that?

Q. Is that one of the ones -- did you participate in that conference?

Q. Did you typically go to conferences or no?

Q. And would Mallinckrodt have a booth at those conferences?

Q. But they could have a booth with sales reps and with the brochures, if they had any, for that given conference. Is that what it would look like?

Q. So if you look further down, you see "Cardinal Health Business Partners Conference." Do you recall that one?

Q. And who was that a conference for?

Q. And that was hosted in Columbus, Ohio?

Q. Where?

Q. So Mallinckrodt would sit there with its competitors and listen to Cardinal talk about Cardinal's business? Is that the gist of it?

Q. Is that similar to what happened at the AmerisourceBergen supply chain summit meeting?

Q. I will have the next document marked as Exhibit 20 --

Q. -- 23.

Q. And it's Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt 0002736914 through 917. It starts as an e-mail from you to Mr. Borelli, dated January 5th, 2012, with the subject: "NC Mutual $1 Million Marketing Allowance." And what is NC Mutual?

Q. In what region, do you know?

Q. Okay. And -- and they sold, for opioid products, fentanyl patch and oxy 5 and 15 and 30; is that right?

Q. Is methylphenidate an opioid product?

Q. That's an ADHD product, right?

Q. So for opioid products, they sold fentanyl patch, oxy 5, oxy 15 and oxy 30s; is that right?

Q. And it appears in the very first e-mail at the end of the string that they were receiving

Q. Well, do you see in the very first e-mail, it says: "Can you please let me know if they should still receive the $1 million marketing allowance?" Does that suggest that they were receiving it before this date and -- and now they're up for reconsideration, or do you know how that worked?

Q. I see. And do you see just after where you were reading from, it says: "The $1 million is paid in year 1, but our agreement is for two years. That means we will see $17 million plus in sales for that $1 million allowance." Do you see that?

Q. Last page.

Q. All right. So you see the part of the message that states that: "We will see $17 million plus in sales for the $1 million allowance." Correct?

Q. And who was able to calculate that $1 million marketing allowance would yield $17 million in sales for Mallinckrodt?

Q. I mean how was that done?

Q. Okay. And the next e-mail up is from Victor Borelli to Ginger Collier and others, and he seems to be stating that they do qualify for the marketing allowance.

Q. And he says: "Our inventory position as well as our allocation processes for the unforeseen future on both methylphenidate as well as the oxycodone families forced them to reach out to other vendors to meet their monthly member -- members' needs. If we weren't allocating those families, I guarantee you that we would not be sharing the business." Do you see that?

Q. What does he mean by this?

Q. Sure, but what is your understanding of it?

Q. And is this the we had talked about marketing allowances before. Is this an example of the type of marketing allowance that was afforded to various of your customers, whether it be $1 million or a variation of that?

Q. Are you saying that marketing allowance and rebates were an either/or scenario or -- or it could be both, right?

Q. And what would it be about a customer that would make them more likely to qualify for a marketing allowance?

Q. And would you have had -- assuming NC Mutual got the $1 million marketing allowance, which it appears that it did from this string of e-mails in any event, would you have then followed up with NC Mutual to see -- to sort of monitor their marketing efforts and materials?

Q. Okay. And you don't know if Mallinckrodt -- other than your department, do you know whether another department did that sort of follow-up on -- on the marketing that NC Mutual engaged in with the $1 million allowance from Mallinckrodt?

Q. It's Bates-stamped 3066799 through 3066802. And it starts as an e-mail from you to Victor Borelli dated November 17th, 2011, with the subject "CRC Caps." Do you see that?

Q. You had a lot of e-mails with Victor Borelli, huh?

Q. Just take a moment to review it, please.

Q. So do you see the last e-mail on the chain is from Aaron Nickolette to Marc Montgomery with the subject "Opportunities"?

Q. Do you know who Aaron Nickolette is?

Q. And who is Marc Montgomery?

Q. Do you see in the last paragraph of that e-mail a question is arising about CRC caps?

Q. And what's your understanding of what CRC means?

Q. Okay. So -- so this issue is about whether or not to use child-resistant caps on opioid and other products, correct?

Q. And do you see that Aaron Nickolette, the operations manager, is stating that: "We have several of these in our plant and they are a pain to run"?

Q. And he's talking about three different oxy IR products. Do you see that?

Q. And he says: "If it's okay to not have it on one, why not all? What's more, regulatory here views it purely as a sales marketing call." So whether or not to use child- resistance caps on the oxy products was a sales and marketing call according to Aaron Nickolette; is that right?

Q. And then he goes on to say: "No impact to regulatory, just annual reportable," exclamation point. Do you see that?

Q. So what he's saying is that there would be no impact to regulatory, but there's -- there's -- there is potentially an impact on annual reportable with respect to whether or not Mallinckrodt uses child-resistant caps on its opioid products, correct?

Q. He goes on to state: "I'm going to work up the savings associated with this and get it in front of you." Do you recall ever seeing a work-up of the savings that would be associated with getting rid of child-resistant caps?

Q. Where do you see that?

Q. What page are you on?

Q. Okay. And what is the ballpark savings, as you understand it, from the e-mail?

Q. And again, he says on the second to last page -- oh, looks like this is repeated twice. Do you see on the second page, he says: "We are working forward with eliminating the child-resistant caps"?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. I'll have the next document marked as Exhibit 24.

Q. 25.

Q. And it's Mallinckrodt 0000448160 through 8161. And as a second part of this exhibit, I will add a document that comes -- that I'll represent comes from the chargeback data that was produced by Mallinckrodt that has been sorted.

Q. This is a sorted view of the data that was produced by Mallinckrodt to us. The -- the data is so massive that we cannot use all of the data as an exhibit, so we sorted it for certain columns, and you will see --

Q. -- that are discussed in the e-mail. So the e-mail begins from Bonnie New to yourself dated January 23rd, 2011. Who is Bonnie New again?

Q. Okay. So she was in your division?

Q. All right. And if you go to the beginning e-mail, it's from Karen Harper to Carrie Johnson. Who's Carrie Johnson?

Q. Oh, got it. Okay. And do you see they're talking about a DEA newsletter?

Q. It states specifically: "Please check all past copies of the DEA newsletter you have been generating for any reports of wrongdoing by the following physician and reply." And the physician's name is Sriram Balasubramanian. Do you see that?

Q. And it appears that they're requesting a check on this specific registrant, correct?

Q. And Carrie replies: "I've gone through all the past newsletters and I cannot find anything that relates to this doctor." Correct?

Q. Yes. And so Karen Harper responds, if you look at the second to last paragraph of her responding e-mail: "My recommendation is to take no additional action at this time." Do you see that?

Q. "I will save this correspondence as an example for the team review and possibly use as a case study within the scope of the expanded program." Do you see that?

Q. And then the final e-mail is: "This is

Q. Now, do you know why there was this check done of this particular doctor?

Q. Do you know whether it's because certain of his -- of -- certain orders were flagged as suspicious?

Q. And do you know whether or not there was any investigation in Mallinckrodt's own chargeback data to see what orders had wound up with Dr. Balasubramanian?

Q. Okay. And if you look at the second sheet, which I represent to you is a sort of data produced by Mallinckrodt in this action, do you see data with respect to drugs that were shipped to Dr. Balasubramanian?

Q. Sriram Balasubramanian, correct? And he's listed as an MD. Do you see that?

Q. And this is just a sample, one page. I can represent to you that there are many more. But you see here that it appears that we have data for the customer name being Harvard Drug Group, correct?

Q. Okay. And looking at the first row, then Harvard Drug Group would have -- would have distributed to First Veterinary Supply; is that right?

Q. And then First Veterinary Supply would have shipped to Dr. Balasubramanian, correct?

Q. Who's listed as an MD. Do you see that?

Q. And his address -- address is there too, correct?

Q. And it identifies the product, the oxycodone HCL 15 milligrams for that first row. Do you see that?

Q. But you see many, many products being shipped to this particular doctor, including oxy 15, oxy 30. Do you see that?

Q. And then it provides the date, the gross sales, the net sales, and the sales quantity. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know whether anybody in checking on Dr. Balasubramanian actually pulled the chargeback data with respect to this physician?

Q. But you didn't have it pulled when when you received this e-mail, right?

Q. A newsletter.

Q. All right. So to your -- you don't have any knowledge of anybody at Mallinckrodt checking to see --

Q. -- whether this product should continue to be shipped to Dr. Balasubramanian, correct?

Q. And the recommendation from Karen Harper is that Mallinckrodt take no additional action at this time. Is that right?

Q. Okay. Are you being paid for your testimony here today?

Q. All right. You're not being paid for your time or anything like that?

Q. And it's Bates-stamped 00002450577 through 2450581. And it starts with an e-mail from you to Bonnie New. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And it appears to be a -- or it's titled "Specialty Generic Strategy, Fiscal Year '12 and Beyond." Do you see that?

Q. And this is -- is this a document that you and/or your team created?

Q. Came out of marketing?

Q. Okay. And this was for a November 2011 meeting in Washington, D.C.; is that right?

Q. And do you recall what what meeting that was?

Q. And so this would have been presented at the annual sales --

Q. -- meeting by whom?

Q. And do you see on the page -- the third page, it says: "Quota environment is changing"?

Q. And it says: "The DEA has changed quota approval process to include SOM." Do you see that?

Q. What's your understanding of what that means?

Q. Did you ever have an understanding that the DEA had changed the quota approval process?

Q. Okay. And do you see the next bullet point is: "Election year in Florida has 27 electoral votes"?

Q. Do you know why that would have been called out in this presentation?

Q. For the opioid epidemic?

Q. And Florida was one of the places that Mallinckrodt distributed the most opioids to; is that right?

Q. But --

Q. But you understood that a massive amount of Mallinckrodt opioid pills wound up in Florida, did you not?

Q. Did you understand that between 2008 and 2011, Mallinckrodt distributed over a billion pills that went into Florida, which is a state with 50 million people?

Q. Did you and -- but that information is the type of information that can be generated from the chargeback data that we looked at earlier, correct?

Q. You didn't have access to it?

Q. Mallinckrodt had access to it.

Q. And you would --

Q. Yes. And you had access to it. To the extent that you had asked, May I see this data from the chargeback database, you would have received it, correct?

Q. And who would you have asked?

Q. What's the contract team?

Q. Okay. The third bullet on this page states: "In conclusion, time of selective scarcity is likely to continue." Correct?

Q. Do you know what -- what they meant by "selective scarcity"?

Q. And do you see on the next page, it states: "Fiscal Year '12 Specialty Generic Strategic Initiatives"?

Q. Okay. And it states that the strategy is to adapt to a changing environment. Do you see that?

Q. Do you have an understanding as to how Mallinckrodt viewed the environment as changing?

Q. And under "Product Strategies," do you see the second bullet point that says: "Gain hydro/APAP and oxy/APAP volume for plant absorption"?

Q. And the next one says: "Gain fentanyl market share to gain income." Do you see that?

Q. What's plant absorption?

Q. And the next page sets forth a generic market landscape. Do you see that?

Q. Do you understand what this chart demonstrates?

Q. So, for example, in the first row, it says "high to very high" under "Hypercompetitive." What is supposed to be high to very high, do you know?

Q. Two pages down, do you see "What you accomplished in fiscal year '11"?

Q. Okay. And apparently, Mallinckrodt gained the number one position in fentanyl transmucosal lozenge, correct?

Q. And that would have been the number one position nationally?

Q. And two pages later, you see the specialty generic product families?

Q. And these are the drugs that fell within your -- your overview.

Q. Is that right?

Q. And these are all opioids except for the methylphenidate; is that right?

Q. All the rest are, correct?

Q. All the rest are Schedule II drugs, correct?

Q. The next page shows Sales Force Compensation. And it states: "Generics Business came in near on plan - 99 percent." Do you see that?

Q. And I have attached at the end, "Fiscal Year '12 Contracting Guidelines for Sales." Do you have that as well?

Q. Okay. And it identifies marketing allowance, which we discussed earlier, right?

Q. Suggesting that -- so these are contracting -- what is this? These are contracting guidelines that you would use in

Q. -- in initiating contracts with your

Q. Okay. And you would use this for all of your customers; is that right?

Q. The generic opioid salespeople followed these guidelines; is that right?

Q. Okay. And you created this document in November of 2011?

Q. And is this when -- if you look under the VIP program, was this when a change was implemented such that you were not to include any volume or incentive for oxy 15 or oxy 30?

Q. I'm going to have this document marked as Exhibit 26. It is a document that's Bates-stamped 4155492. Each page has the Bates stamp. It's -- it's a -- scratch that. The next document is Exhibit 26 is a is Bates-stamped 3417994 through 3418000. And it's titled "NACDS Annual Meeting." It's Exhibit 27.

Q. Have you seen this document before?

Q. And what is it?

Q. And that was the National association of Chain Drug Stores meeting, correct?

Q. Okay. And what was the purpose of that meeting?

Q. And as you go through the document, you see various customers, correct? Anda, Cardinal, H.D. Smith, Hy-Vee. Do you see those?

Q. And these are the talking points for each customer that -- that your sales reps were -- were to supposed employ when they met them at the meeting?

Q. And were these talking points for you and David or were these notes from the meeting after it was -- after it occurred?

Q. And who would attend these meetings? This would be Mallinckrodt, presumably all of the customers that are identified in here. Mallinckrodt's competitors, would they also attend?

Q. Oh, I see.

Q. I see. And how often did those meetings occur?
