Witness:  Jeffrey Kilper
Attorney: MR. Chalos
Source:   MNKOI0004560796
============================================================

Q. Thank you, Mr. Kilper, for being here today. Have you ever given a deposition before?

Q. So let's talk about just a couple ground rules for the back and forth here today. I'll ask you questions. I'll ask that you give me verbal responses, so you can shake your head or nod your head, but if -- please accompany that with a yes or a no. Do you understand what I'm saying?

Q. Yeah, you got it. There may be times where I ask you a question that you don't understand what I mean. If that's the case, please tell me and I'll do my best to rephrase the question in a way that we can be sure that we're communicating. If you don't, you answer the question, I'm going to assume that you understood it. Is that fair?

Q. And I -- based on your first couple answers I don't think this will be an issue, but let's try not to talk over each other. So if you'd let me finish my question, you'll have a chance to answer, and I'll do my best to let you finish your answer before I ask my next question. Okay? Is that fair?

Q. Okay. Good. What do you do presently for work?

Q. What is your position?

Q. Which Mallinckrodt entity is actually your employer?

Q. You don't know in what subsidiary or entity that's located?

Q. What does your paycheck say?

Q. So you don't know where the money that pays you comes from?

Q. What does it mean to be a senior director of finance?

Q. Who do you report to?

Q. For how long have you been reporting to Mr. Harbaugh?

Q. What is his title currently?

Q. Who did you report to before you reported to Mr. Harbaugh?

Q. And what was his title?

Q. Do you know which entity he worked for?

Q. Do you know which Mallinckrodt entity that was part of at that time?

Q. Did you work for SpecGX LLC as well?

Q. For how long did you work with them?

Q. And for whom did you work before that?

Q. Did you ever work for an entity called Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. Do you know what Mallinckrodt PLC is?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Did you ever serve as the director of finance, hospital therapies of Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. When was that?

Q. How did you come to have that role?

Q. Do you know who made that decision?

Q. What would you assume?

Q. Somebody above you in finance?

Q. Do you think it was Mr. Kegler?

Q. Who did he report to at that time?

Q. Do you think Mr. Harbaugh made the decision to move you to hospital therapies?

Q. Do you know what positions Mr. Harbaugh held with Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. From the operational standpoint, did you make distinctions between the legal entities within Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt -- let's go back, let's say, since the Covidien spinoff. Do you remember when that happened? You remember there was a spinoff from Covidien at some point?

Q. So let's take it from that time forward. Was there a board of directors for the companies that you worked for?

Q. Who -- was Mr. Harbaugh ever on the board of directors?

Q. Did he ever serve on any board committees that you're aware of?

Q. Do you know any of the people who served on the company board of directors?

Q. Anyone else?

Q. Do you know Hugh O'Neil?

Q. What is -- what was his role when you -- let me back up. Did Hugh O'Neil have any role in the Mallinckrodt board of directors to your knowledge?

Q. Where was Joanne, the audit chair -- where was she based out of?

Q. Let's look at what we've marked as Exhibit Number 1 to your deposition. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Kilper-001 marked for identification.]

Q. And this appears to be a Linkedln profile. Have you had a chance to take a look at that?

Q. I'm sorry. You say you --

Q. Okay. Is Exhibit 1 a printout of your Linkedln profile?

Q. Did you enter the information that's in Exhibit 1 yourself into a computer?

Q. And is everything in Exhibit 1 accurate to the best of your knowledge?

Q. Are there any jobs that you've held since you left college that are not reflected in Exhibit 1?

Q. What is not here?

Q. I was just going to say I bet there's a bartending job or a waiter job or something. I'm sorry. I'll let you finish. I broke my own rule. Go ahead.

Q. You tended bar when?

Q. Here in St. Louis?

Q. So you got a undergraduate degree from the University of Missouri St. Louis; is that right?

Q. What was your undergraduate in?

Q. Did you do any formal schooling after undergraduate?

Q. Do you have any certifications or license -- professional licenses at this point?

Q. When did you get your CPA certification?

Q. This is before you worked as an auditor for Birchler Mengwasser Martin Lall?

Q. And for how long did you keep that CPA certification?

Q. Is there a reason that you didn't keep it up beyond that?

Q. Do you hold any other certifications or professional licenses?

Q. So how did you -- let's go back a little bit in time. How did you come to work in the pharmaceutical industry?

Q. What year did you graduate from college?

Q. So you worked as a senior auditor for the Birchler outfit for about 10 years; is that right?

Q. Did you know somebody at Tyco, or how did you end up getting that job?

Q. That was in 1999?

Q. So you started with Mallinckrodt and then Tyco took over Mallinckrodt at some point?

Q. I see. Okay. And what -- did ycu have a particular focus -- let's go back to when you first joined Mallinckrodt. Did you have a particular focus at that time?

Q. For which group or division?

Q. Did the businesses that you were involved in auditing then include opioid products?

Q. Did your work with Mallinckrodt from the time you started in 1998 through the present always involve accounting related in some way to opioid products?

Q. Okay. When did it not?

Q. What were you focused on then?

Q. Yeah, and you can review this too, if you need it to jog your memory.

Q. What did you do then?

Q. And then in 2016 you moved to what?

Q. So the time that you're with Mallinckrodt or some incarnation of Mallinckrodt from 1998 through the present you were involved in some way in the opioids business except for 2014 through about 2016? Is that a fair way to put it?

Q. Are you uneasy about that characterization?

Q. The -- except for that period, 2014 through 2016 -- 2014 through 2016 -- the accounting work you did involved in some way the revenues from opioid sales? Is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. What's wrong with that?

Q. It had to do with opioids manufacturing?

Q. Right. Okay. In that -- what time period are you talking about there?

Q. Yes. What time period are you talking about where you said your time in manufacturing, which was about 10 years of your career -- which 10 years are you talking about there?

Q. What was your role during that time period?

Q. Were those positions all related to the same plant?

Q. Which plants were involved there?

Q. When you were the plant controller, which plant were you responsible for?

Q. And then your position expanded to include other plants?

Q. What was manufactured at the St. Louis plant during the time that you were a manager of planning analysis and then plant controller?

Q. What were the active pharmaceutical ingredients that were manufactured there?

Q. Anything else?

Q. API stands for active pharmaceutical ingredients?

Q. And to what use would those active pharmaceutical ingredients be put after they left your plant? Would they go to somebody else to be manufactured into a pill, for example?

Q. Were any of those active pharmaceutical ingredients used by another Mallinckrodt plant to produce medications?

Q. With respect to the opioids' ingredients that were produced at the plant when you were the manager of planning analysis and plant controller, were those sold to other pharmaceutical manufacturers?

Q. Do you know which ones?

Q. Did you know at the time?

Q. So during the time that you have worked for Mallinckrodt, Mallinckrodt has produced the active pharmaceutical ingredient for °plaids; is that right?

Q. Yeah. Okay. During the time that you've been with Mallinckrodt, so going back to 1998 through today -- just trying to get a sense for their businesses. They -- one of the Mallinckrodt businesses was to manufacture and sell opioids' ingredients as active pharmaceutical ingredients; is that right?

Q. And Mallinckrodt at some point also manufactured its own opioid medications; is that right?

Q. And they -- Mallinckrodt manufactured both branded opioids and generic opioids; is that right?

Q. There were several -- over time several different branded opioids that Mallinckrodt also manufactured; right?

Q. Right. You remember Exalgo?

Q. And Xartemis?

Q. And something called Magnacet? You remember hearing that?

Q. Yeah. And something called TussiCaps? Did you ever hear that?

Q. Do you remember any other -- well, let me back up. Those were all branded opioid products that Mallinckrodt manufactured; right?

Q. Do you remember any other branded opioid products that Mallinckrodt manufactured during your time with the company?

Q. How -- when you -- let's go back to the time when you were involved with the plant in St. Louis as a manager of planning analysis and the plant controller. How did -- from where did Mallinckrodt get the raw ingredients for the plaids' APIs?

Q. In the U.S.?

Q. Where did they come from?

Q. Anywhere else that you can remember?

Q. So what was the product that Mallinckrodt purchased from those entities -- the government of India, Tasmania, and France?

Q. All overseas?

Q. Does anybody grow opium or concentrated poppy straw in the U.S. that you know of?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt import that product then after they purchased it from these entities?

Q. So was there an importing division or group within Mallinckrodt?

Q. Have you ever been involved in suspicious order monitoring since you've been at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you know what that is?

Q. Have you ever had any role in the sale of finished opium products at Mallinckrodt? In other words, finished medications, as contrasted with API?

Q. Have you ever been a salesperson?

Q. Have you ever attended any sales meetings since you've been at Mallinckrodt?

Q. In what context?

Q. What did you speak about?

Q. Performance of what?

Q. So in your current role as -- was it senior finance director? Is that what you said it was?

Q. What -- senior director of finance; right?

Q. What do you -- do you gather the revenue data for that group as part of your job?

Q. Do you get the revenue, do you see the revenue information about that group?

Q. Who gathers that? I mean, who puts that together?

Q. What do you do with it?

Q. On what time basis do you develop reports? I mean, is it weekly, monthly?

Q. What do you do with those reports?

Q. Do you at some point transmit them to Mr. Harbaugh?

Q. Did Mr. Harbaugh get financial reports on some timely basis?

Q. Are you the person responsible for getting the financial information to Mr. Harbaugh?

Q. Does he get it from another source as well?

Q. What do you mean when you say it's been hit or miss in terms of getting him financial reports?

Q. Has the spinoff of the specialty generics business been finalized?

Q. Do you know when that is set to be finalized?

Q. Do you have a role with respect to the spinoff?

Q. And are you doing anything in connection with the spinoff?

Q. What are you doing?

Q. What else?

Q. When you say corporate Mallinckrodt, what are you talking about?

Q. What is the corporate controllers group?

Q. Were you part of the corporate controllers group?

Q. Were you ever part of that?

Q. Who is part of that group?

Q. And where is she?

Q. Hazelwood, Missouri?

Q. Do they do the accounting for the Irish entity as well?

Q. Have you ever been to Ireland on business?

Q. You have, you say?

Q. On how many occasions?

Q. More than once?

Q. Was it on a periodic basis, like once a quarter, once a year -- something like that?

Q. Has it been more than 10 times, you think?

Q. What did you do when you were over there in terms of business?

Q. What group is that?

Q. Does that include plaids?

Q. Have you ever been to Ohio on business?

Q. What is your role -- what do you anticipate your role being once the specialty generics business is spun off?

Q. Has anybody told you that that will be your role once the company is spun off?

Q. What makes you think that you will continue on as the senior director of finance with the new company?

Q. So you wrote your name in for senior director of finance?

Q. And Mr. Harbaugh is at the top of that org chart as things stand today?

Q. Who is?

Q. Is it anticipated that Mr. Harbaugh will get a boss, or is it anticipated that Mr. Harbaugh will leave the company?

Q. Well, I don't want to get you in hot water, so --

Q. You're not going to scratch him cff the org chart, are you?

Q. I'm joking about that. Is there -- will there be a board of directors for the new business -- the specialty generics business?

Q. Is there a date -- you may have answered this, but is there a date or a time frame that you anticipate the spinoff of the specialty generics business to be completed?

Q. Of 2019?

Q. What is anticipated to happen with any liabilities, including lawsuit liabilities, that may have arisen from the specialty generics business after the spinoff?

Q. Do you understand my question?

Q. So whatever liabilities that exist today, for example, for the specialty generics business -- what's going to happen to those liabilities after the company is spun off?

Q. If you know.

Q. Is that something you think Mr. Harbaugh would know?

Q. Have you ever reviewed any IMS data for any Mallinckrodt products?

Q. In what capacity did you see those?

Q. Is that something you see on any kind of routine basis?

Q. When did it stop?

Q. What position?

Q. When was that approximately, that --

Q. So prior to 2017 you were routinely seeing IMS reports?

Q. And marketing reports would include IMS data?

Q. You know that Mallinckrodt plaids are prescribed in Ohio; right?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that that's not true?

Q. Have you ever seen any IMS data that shows that Mallinckrodt opioids are prescribed in Ohio?

Q. Have you seen any IMS data that shows Mallinckrodt plaids are prescribed anywhere?

Q. What have you seen?

Q. Market share nationally?

Q. Do you know whether Mallinckrodt ever had any IMS data that showed Mallinckrodt opioids, either branded or generic, were actually prescribed in Ohio?

Q. Which is not to your knowledge? That -- what do you mean by that?

Q. You don't know whether IMS data exists to show which physicians prescribed Mallinckrodt products, for example?

Q. Have you ever heard that Mallinckrodt has IMS data that shows which prescriptions are prescribing Mallinckrodt products?

Q. Have you ever heard of any steps by any Mallinckrodt entity to limit sales of Mallinckrodt products in Ohio?

Q. Have you ever heard that Mallinckrodt opioids are not for sale in any of the 50 states?

Q. Was there ever a time where Mallinckrodt opioids were not available in Ohio but they were available in other states?

Q. Who would know the answer to that?

Q. Do you in your capacity now with the specialty generics business -- do you track who is purchasing the plaids that your company produces?

Q. So you know the customers who your company sells directly to?

Q. What are the big three?

Q. What was the last one?

Q. How do you spell that?

Q. Do you know where those entities are located?

Q. Does the group you're with now make any attempt to limit or avoid sales of the Mallinckrodt products in Ohio?

Q. What do these companies that you just listed -- what do they do with Mallinckrodt opioids after you sell them to them?

Q. Do you know which retail pharmacies they sell them to?

Q. Do you have any assumptions about which retail pharmacies they sell them to?

Q. So is it a fair assumption that those national chains that you just listed have stores in Ohio?

Q. You don't know whether there's a Walmart in Ohio?

Q. You don't know whether there's a Walgreens in Ohio?

Q. Do you know whether any Mallinckrodt opioids have ever been sold in Ohio?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that they haven't been sold in Ohio?

Q. Who would know the answer to that?

Q. Do you know what Sarbanes-Oxley is?

Q. What is it?

Q. Have you ever signed off on any Mallinckrodt financial statement in compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley?

Q. On how many occasions?

Q. More than one?

Q. Do you remember making representations about the data in the financial statements that you signed off on?

Q. What do you remember about that?

Q. What did you do to determine whether they were complete and accurate?

Q. What did you do to confirm that the information in those reports was in fact accurate?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Did you confirm that all the transactions had been properly recorded in the accounting records?

Q. And you understood that you were signing those statements under the penalty of perjury?

Q. And that if you made a representation like, for example, that all the transactions had been properly recorded in the accounting records that you're opening yourself up to potential criminal jeopardy?

Q. And it's important that what goes into the Mallinckrodt financial reporting is in fact accurate; right?

Q. In connection with signing any of those representations, did you ever make any inquiry into whether Mallinckrodt sold opioids into Ohio?

Q. Who's your lawyers here today?

Q. And when did you hire them?

Q. Well, how did they come to represent you?

Q. Did somebody tell you they were going to be your lawyers?

Q. Who told you that?

Q. Who's that?

Q. Lohman?

Q. Where is he?

Q. Have you ever considered hiring a personal lawyer to represent your own interests?

Q. Have you had any discussions with any criminal defense lawyers?

Q. How much are you paying the lawyers who are here today?

Q. Who is?

Q. Do you have a written agreement with them?

Q. Do you have a written agreement with the lawyers, I mean?

Q. What did you do to prepare for ycur deposition here today?

Q. I'm sorry. You said our attorneys?

Q. Who did you meet with?

Q. When did you meet with them?

Q. For how long?

Q. So you met with them yesterday for a couple hours and you also met with them in mid-January?

Q. When did you meet with them in mid-January?

Q. Where did you meet with them?

Q. In Missouri?

Q. For how long was the mid-January meeting?

Q. Have you done any other preparation for your deposition here today?

Q. Have you looked at documents?

Q. Were these documents that the lawyers handed to you?

Q. Did you do any of your own research into documents in connection with the preparation for this deposition? In other words, did you go out and find any documents and look at them?

Q. Have you spoken with any other lawyers in connection with your deposition today?

Q. Let me hand you what we've marked as Exhibit Number 2 to your deposition. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Kilper-002 marked for identification.]

Q. We've marked as Exhibit Number what's that? We've marked as Exhibit Number 2 MNK-Tl 0007022602, and it ends at 2607. And take as much time as you need to review that. And my first question will be, do you know what this document is?

Q. What is this?

Q. And if you look at the first page there, it's directed to Mark -- it says to Mark Trudeau, chairman, president, and chief executive officer, and then under that, Matthew Harbaugh, executive vice-president and chief financial officer. Do you see that?

Q. And those men held those positions with something called Mallinckrodt PLC; is that right?

Q. Do you doubt that they held those positions with Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. And from your view the company is all the same, whether it's Mallinckrodt PLC or Mallinckrodt LLC or Mallinckrodt, Inc.; is that right?

Q. Well, from your perspective?

Q. You don't make any distinction between the various entities from your perspective?

Q. What about -- do you make any distinction between Mallinckrodt PLC and any other Mallinckrodt?

Q. You I'm talking about personally.

Q. What you do you mean by that?

Q. And you paid no mind to whether it was located within Mallinckrodt PLC or any other Mallinckrodt?

Q. You at some point were the director of finance, hospital therapies, of Mallinckrodt PLC; is that right?

Q. You see here the first paragraph, Exhibit Number 2, it says to the best of my knowledge in my capacity as director, finance, hospital therapies of Mallinckrodt PLC, unless otherwise indicated by my comments in Item 23 below, I certify that from June 26th, 2015, through the date hereof -- and then there's four pages of certifications. Do you see that? Sorry. Six pages of certifications. Do you see that?

Q. Does that refresh your memory as to whether you were a director of finance, hospital therapies of Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. What was your role in preparing financial representations for Mallinckrodt PLC in 2015?

Q. And what did you do to confirm that?

Q. What is financial close?

Q. Did the hospital therapies business in 2015 involve any opioid products?

Q. And how would we find that out?

Q. Did the hospital therapies business of Mallinckrodt PLC supply any opioid products into Ohio during the time you were the director of finance for it?

Q. How would we find the answer to that?

Q. Is it possible that the hospital therapies business supplied opioids products into Ohio?

Q. You don't know whether it's possible?

Q. Do you remember anything about that business?

Q. What do you remember?

Q. Were any of those products sold into Ohio?

Q. Is that something that would have been a transaction that was recorded in the accounting records?

Q. So let's look at what you attested to here. Paragraph 1 of this statement that you signed says all transactions have been properly recorded in the accounting records underlying Mallinckrodt financial statements. Do you see that?

Q. How did you confirm that?

Q. Did you do any spot checking to confirm that any of the transactions were in fact reccrded properly?

Q. And did you have somebody else do that at your direction?

Q. Did anybody do that?

Q. Who did it?

Q. Do you know whether that happened or are you guessing that it happened?

Q. And do you know whether that testing occurred?

Q. When did it occur?

Q. Do you know any of the people whc did the testing?

Q. Who are they?

Q. And you think that Ms. Bass did work to confirm that all the transactions had been properly recorded in the accounting records underlying Mallinckrodt financial statements?

Q. Do you know that she did, or are you guessing that she did?

Q. You think there was another employee who was involved in that potentially?

Q. But at the time you think that you confirmed that somebody did Sarbanes-Oxley testing on the transactions?

Q. How would that have come to you? Would it have been a report or an e-mail or something?

Q. Your next representation is that Mallinckrodt financial statements have been prepared in conformity with US GAAP and Mallinckrodt policies and fairly present, in all material respects, the financial position as of June 26th, 2015, and the results of operations and cash flows of the company for the three months and nine months ended in June 26th of 2015. Do you see that?

Q. What did you do to confirm that those statements are true?

Q. And you relied on Ms. Bass and some other person whose name you can't remember to do that work?

Q. Did you yourself do any of that work?

Q. I'm sorry. Were you finished with your answer?

Q. Number 3. To the extent that Mallinckrodt has closed its books prior to June 26, 2015, all adjustments necessary to present fairly, in all material respects, the company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the period ending June 26, 2015. Do you see that?

Q. You certified that that was in fact true; right?

Q. And what did you do to confirm that that was true?

Q. Did you do any of that work, or did you also rely on Ms. Bass and the other person whose name you can't remember to do that work?

Q. Where is Ms. Bass now?

Q. What does she do there?

Q. Government reporting and what?

Q. Can you spell that?

Q. Gross-to-net?

Q. Got it. For which business?

Q. Did she work for hospital therapies at Mallinckrodt PLC in 2015?

Q. Who decided to spin off the specialty generics business?

Q. Were you involved in that -- making that decision?

Q. Was Mr. Harbaugh?

Q. How did you find out that there was a spinoff under consideration?

Q. Who asked you to do that?

Q. And they told you after you signed the agreement that we're -- somebody's considering spinning this business off?

Q. Do you know at what level that decision was made?

Q. Is that a decision that the Mallinckrodt PLC board of directors made?

Q. Let's continue looking at Exhibit 2. Paragraph 13. You represented here that, quote, all intercompany borrowing arrangements have been evaluated and properly designated as either permanent or nonpermanent. All intercompany loan borrowing arrangements designated as permanent are of a long-term investment nature, as we neither plan nor anticipate that settlement of such borrowing arrangements will be required in the foreseeable future. Do you see that?

Q. And what did you do to confirm that those statements were true at the time you made them?

Q. And where did you get that knowledge from?

Q. Did you do anything to confirm that these statements were true?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Did you do anything to confirm that that belief was true?

Q. Mr. Kilper, if you would look at Exhibit Number 2, please, to your deposition. I'd like to refer you to Paragraph Number 11 there. And to reorient you after the break, this is a document that says Mallinckrodt PLC, Appendix 2, financial representation, for the period ending June 26th of 2015. It's addressed to Mark Trudeau and Matthew Harbaugh, and it has at the end of it your signature. And so we're on the representation -- in Paragraph 11 it says receivables recorded represent valid claims against debtors for sales or other charges arising on or before the balance sheet date and have been appropriately reduced to their estimated net realizable value. Do you see that?

Q. Did you -- were you aware at some point that Mallinckrodt securitized its receivables?

Q. What was your role with respect to that transaction?

Q. Who's in the treasury group or who was in the treasury group at that time?

Q. Do you know any of them or do you recall any of them?

Q. How do you spell that?

Q. And where was he located?

Q. Were you aware that there was a special purpose entity set up to participate in that transaction?

Q. What receivables were you referencing in Paragraph 11 of Exhibit Number 2?

Q. This business being the hospital therapies of Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. Did you review any of the receivables prior to signing Exhibit 2?

Q. What did you do to confirm that the receivables recorded represent valid claims against debtors for sales or other charges?

Q. Did you do anything to confirm that they were valid claims against debtors for sales or other charges?

Q. Did you rely on Ms. Bass and somebody else whose name you can't remember to do that work?

Q. Who did you rely on for that?

Q. What is the shared services team?

Q. And that -- where was that located?

Q. And the shared services team handled receivables for all of the Mallinckrodt entities and businesses?

Q. For which businesses did the shared services team handle receivables?

Q. Did it handle the receivables for the specialty generics business?

Q. Does it presently handle receivables for the specialty generics business?

Q. Did it last year?

Q. Who handled receivables for the specialty generics business in 2018?

Q. Was there a time that the shared services division -- team handled generic -- sorry. Was there a time that the shared services team handled receivables for the specialty generics business?

Q. When was that?

Q. Let's please look at Paragraph 19 of Exhibit Number 2. It says the following, to the extent applicable, have been appropriately identified, properly recorded, and/or disclosed to you. Subsection

Q. Did you do anything to confirm that this statement in 19A is in fact accurate?

Q. Do you recall any related-party transactions involving the hospital therapies group?

Q. Did you at any point in your time with Mallinckrodt become aware of guarantees being made in connection with loans that any of the companies took out or any indebtedness that the companies had incurred?

Q. Did any to your knowledge Mallinckrodt entity ever incur any indebtedness that was guaranteed by any other Mallinckrodt entity?

Q. Paragraph 19A says guarantees, whether written or oral, under which the company is contingently liable. Do you see that? 19A. Do you see -- I'm sorry. 19B. 19B.

Q. Were you aware of any guarantees under which the company is contingently liable back in 2015?

Q. Did you do anything to confirm whether there were any guarantees at that time?

Q. 19D as in David. All off-balance-sheet derivative financial instruments -- e.g., futures, options, swaps -- including outstanding commitments to purchase or sell securities under forward placement and standby commitments. Do you see that?

Q. Were there any -- I'm sorry. Did you see where I'm pointing?

Q. Were there any such financial instruments associated with the hospital therapies group cf Mallinckrodt PLC in 2015?

Q. Did you do anything to confirm whether there were at that time?

Q. Let's look at Paragraph 21 of Exhibit 2. It says all cash and bank accounts and all other properties and assets of Mallinckrodt of which I am aware are included in the financial statements. Do you see that?

Q. What did you do to confirm that that statement was true, if anything?

Q. Did you do -- do you remember doing anything to confirm that that's true?

Q. How would we find out the answer to that?

Q. Paragraph 24. I have brought to your attention any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or employees who have a significant role in Mallinckrodt's internal control over financial reporting. Do you see that?

Q. At that time were you aware of any fraud, material or not material, involving management or employees who have a significant role in Mallinckrodt's internal control over financial reporting?

Q. Were you aware at that time of any fraud, material or nonmaterial, that involved any management or employees at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Are you today?

Q. Number 25 in Exhibit 2. I have brought to your attention everything that I believe might be important to ensure that the company's financial information and related disclosures included in the Mallinckrodt report are complete and accurate in all material aspects -- respects. Do you see that?

Q. What did you do to confirm that you in fact delivered as promised in Paragraph 25?

Q. In Paragraph Number 25 -- says there's a significant exception. Do you see that?

Q. That relates to that last representation we just talked about. Do you see that?

Q. And what was the significant exception that you detailed here?

Q. That's Pennsaid -- the product?

Q. If you look here, it says -- you'll see -- I think it's the fourth sentence. Market access has been negotiating revisions to the current agreement, and that's referencing an agreement with CVS/Caremark; is that right?

Q. Is that a yes?

Q. Yeah, you just -- you said uh-huh. That's what I'm fussing at you for. So let me try that one more time. Market access has been negotiating revisions to the current agreement. The current agreement is an agreement with CVS/Caremark. Is that right?

Q. Do you recall having -- the hospital therapies group having an agreement with CVS/Caremark?

Q. And it says they've been negotiating revisions to the current agreement which would remove Pennsaid 2% and Xartemis XR and reach a settlement on the invoiced Pennsaid 2% rebates. Do you see that?

Q. Again, Xartemis XR is an opioid; right?

Q. So does this refresh your recollection as to whether hospital therapies sold opioid products in 2015?

Q. Was there a time that hospital therapies was selling Xartemis to CVS/Caremark?

Q. Does this Paragraph 15 exception tell you any information about that?

Q. Do you think that it was indicative of actual sales to CVS/Caremark that hospital therapies was making at some point?

Q. How would we find the answer to that?

Q. It mentions rebates for Pennsaid resulting from sales under the Horizon NDC. Do you see that?

Q. What is Horizon NDC?

Q. Was there a market access group within hospital therapies?

Q. No, was there?

Q. When you were associated with hospital therapies? Yes?

Q. What is the market access group for hospital therapies? What did they do?

Q. For what purpose?

Q. These payors were insurance companies, government programs in that time frame?

Q. All right. Well, you can put that document to the side for now. I may come back to this. What was your role with respect to the brands business at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And that brands business included some branded opioids; is that right?

Q. What was your tenure in that business?

Q. And I'm going to hand you what we've marked as Exhibit Number 3. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Kilper-003 marked for identification.]

Q. If you would take a look at Exhibit 3. It's MNK-Tl 0002252904. Have you had a chance to review Exhibit Number 3?

Q. So this is -- at the top of this document it says brands monthly close G2N meeting, August close. Do you see that?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. What is gross-to-net activity?

Q. So there's a gross meaning total revenue brought in and it actually waterfalls down to the net after you take out all the costs associated with it? Is that a fair way to put it?

Q. How would you say it?

Q. What accounts for the difference?

Q. I see. So the net is actually -- the net is actually the revenue amount that ultimately comes in to Mallinckrodt?

Q. Mallinckrodt reported their financial statements to the SEC on a consolidated basis; right?

Q. Did you have any role in creating the consolidated financial statements that were reported to the SEC?

Q. Yeah. Well, let's hold that. We'll talk about that later today. Let look back at Exhibit Number 3. The attendees -- there's a list of -- I don't know -- eight or so, 10 names -- something like that. Do you see those?

Q. You're one of them; right?

Q. Diane Bass is one of them as well?

Q. Do any of these names listed here refresh your memory about who the other person who was doing some of the testing in connection with Exhibit 2 -- who that person might have been?

Q. What was her role with Mallinckrcdt?

Q. Did you say FP&E?

Q. What does she do now? Do you know?

Q. She's left the company?

Q. Is she still in Missouri?

Q. And who are these other people here?

Q. And is this the -- at the time that you were involved with the brands business you were also involved with the hospital therapies business?

Q. Are you telling the truth? Were -- was your involvement with the brands business in 2015 broader than just the hospital therapies business?

Q. So is that saying the same thing? When you say I was involved in brands, you mean you were involved in the hospital therapies business?

Q. Yeah. Okay. So I'm confused and I'm trying to understand this. So in 2015 you were the finance director for hospital therapies; is that right?

Q. And this say -- this Exhibit 3 says brands monthly close G2N meeting?

Q. Is that brands meaning the hospital therapies group, or is there something else?

Q. I see.

Q. Okay. Okay. Well, let's maybe work through this document. That might make more sense to me. So look down at the, let's say, third paragraph of text. We currently pay Walgreens $15,000 per quarter for Xartemis and Exalgo retail inventory information. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what that means?

Q. And was that broken out geographically?

Q. And the third sentence there says this information is used in the Exalgo LOE analysis?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. So what was the analysis that was happening there?

Q. And then the third -- sorry -- the last sentence in that paragraph says we are no longer promoting Xartemis and there has been a decline in the script data, so it is probably no longer necessary for Xartemis. Do you see that?

Q. What does that mean when it says there's a decline in the script data?

Q. How did the company know that?

Q. Did the company get prescription data for Xartemis?

Q. Let's look at the second-to-last paragraph. It says Jeff stated that a possible additional returns reserve needs to be booked for Xartemis considering we are no longer promoting this product. Do you see that?

Q. What does that mean? I assume that Jeff is you?

Q. Do you know whether that happened? Meaning were there additional returns because Xartemis was no longer being promoted by Mallinckrodt?

Q. What is going to happen with the Xartemis product after the specialty generics is spun off? Do you know?

Q. Will any of the branded products to your knowledge -- branded opioids -- will they go with the specialty generics company once it's spun off?

Q. Which one?

Q. Is Roxicodone currently on the market?

Q. Where is that located within the Mallinckrodt company?

Q. And it's a branded product?

Q. When did that come onto the market?

Q. Do you know when -- is that a drug that Mallinckrodt developed or did they purchase it from a third party?

Q. Will any opioids product stay with any of the Mallinckrodt companies after specialty generics is spun off -- I mean either generic or -- I'm sorry. I screwed up my question. Let me try that again. Will any opioid product stay with any of the Mallinckrodt companies -- I mean branded or generic -- after the specialty generics group is spun off?

Q. So the entire plaids business, branded and generics, will be located in the spun-off company? Is that the intention?

Q. When we were talking a little bit ago about the gross-to-net, you said that the difference between the gross-to-net is accounted for at least in part due to chargebacks and to rebates; right?

Q. What are chargebacks?

Q. And who sets the chargeback amount?

Q. And what's a rebate?

Q. And what's the difference between a chargeback and a rebate?

Q. So chargebacks and rebates serve the same function, essentially?

Q. I see. So Mallinckrodt sells their product to a distributor -- I'm sorry -- to a wholesaler? Is that what you call them?

Q. Wholesaler. Same -- means the same?

Q. And then Mallinckrodt may have a relationship with whoever's buying from the wholesaler and distributor?

Q. What would be a for instance in that?

Q. So Mallinckrodt sells the product to the distributor or the wholesaler at one price, the wholesaler or distributor sells it then to the retailer at some lower price based on an arrangement that the retail chain pharmacy, for instance, has with Mallinckrodt? Is that right?

Q. Is that a yes?

Q. And so Mallinckrodt would then pay to the distributor the difference between those two prices to make the distributor whole? Is that right?

Q. That's a chargeback?

Q. And then a rebate is what?

Q. So is that typically based on volume?

Q. So in that scenario where you have Mallinckrodt selling to a distributor or wholesaler and then the wholesaler, distributor sells to a retail pharmacy chain, where does the rebate come into play there?

Q. And Mallinckrodt would pay that rebate to the distributor?

Q. So let me just pick some numbers out of the air to see if we can illustrate this a little bit. So if Mallinckrodt sells a unit for, let's say, $5 to the distributor, the distributor sells it for $4 to the retailer, under a chargeback scenario Mallinckrodt would then pay $1 to the distributor for that unit?

Q. Right. Got it. And then in addition to that, there may be an additional reduction in that $5 based on a rebate agreement?

Q. So you wouldn't mix rebates and chargebacks?

Q. So for products that are then sold downstream to a non-Mallinckrodt customer then there may be a rebate agreement that would cause Mallinckrodt to pay some money to the distributor?

Q. How did Mallinckrodt know whether the distributor was selling the product to a Mallinckrodt retail customer?

Q. So in the case where a distributor is requesting a chargeback, then Mallinckrodt would know that their products were being sold downstream to a particular retail pharmacy chain, for example?

Q. And that contract would tell you which -- who are the parties to the contract; right?

Q. That's for rebates, you mean?

Q. Well, you'd have to know -- Mallinckrodt would have to know -- before paying a chargeback, they would have to know which customer ultimately got the product; right?

Q. The source program wouldn't tell you who was the purchaser of that?

Q. Well, how would you know then it's a cont -- it's a purchaser that had a relationship with Mallinckrodt, then?

Q. How would you know to pay the chargeback, then?

Q. That's for chargebacks as well?

Q. And also for rebates?

Q. So was there ever an instance where Mallinckrodt knew which retail pharmacy chain was purchasing Mallinckrodt products from a distributor or wholesaler?

Q. And who were Mallinckrodt's contract customers with respect to opioids during the time that you were associated with the brands division?

Q. How about today? Does Mallinckrodt have any contract customers for any of its opioids products, branded or generic?

Q. Are any of those pricing agreements or master service agreements with retail pharmacy chains?

Q. And we talked about earlier some buying groups that are associated with retail pharmacy chains. Were there any in addition to those?

Q. Yes, sir.

Q. Does the specialty generics business presently purchase IMS data?

Q. And what data did they purchase?

Q. Who's in charge of that within the company?

Q. Who's the head of your marketing team presently?

Q. How do you spell that?

Q. So he would know what exact IMS data the specialty generics business purchases today?

Q. Do you know whether the specialty generics business purchases prescription-level data from IMS or from anybody else?

Q. Mr. Kilper, we've marked as Exhibit Number 4 a two-page e-mail string, MNK-Tl 0000970452 through 453. And the top e-mail here is -- shows that this was sent from Matthew Harbaugh to a group of recipients that includes you. Do you see that? [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Kilper-004 marked for identification.]

Q. And this e-mail is dated 5-22 of 2013, 4:18 PM. His message is FLT, dash, FYI, I thought you would like to see this. Thanks, Matt. Do you see that?

Q. FLT is what?

Q. And that's what you were on in 2013 -- the financial leadership team?

Q. And he, Mr. Harbaugh, was forwarding to you an e-mail from somebody named Sanjeev Luther. Do you see that?

Q. Who is Sanjeev Luther?

Q. And what was his job?

Q. So Mr. Luther sent an e-mail to a group including Mark Trudeau and George Kegler, who at that time was your boss; is that right?

Q. Who was your boss in 2013?

Q. Matt being Matthew Harbaugh?

Q. And the subject was IMS April TRx report. Do you see that -- the subject line?

Q. What is the IMS April TRx report? Does that mean anything to you?

Q. It means script?

Q. Like total prescriptions? Does that sound right?

Q. Do you know why Mr. Harbaugh was forwarding this to the financial leadership team in May of 2013?

Q. If you could look at Exhibit Number 5, which is MNK-T1 0000970454 through 485. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Kilper-005 marked for identification.]

Q. And that document says IMS monthly prescription report, April of 2013, and I'll represent to you that it appears that this is the April monthly TRx report that is referenced in Exhibit Number 4. Okay. Is this a document that you received on a periodic basis -- this type of document, a monthly prescription report -- at any time?

Q. Have you ever seen this document to your recollection before today?

Q. Do you recall receiving documents similar to Exhibit Number 5 during your time with Mallinckrodt?

Q. You mentioned earlier that you received -- you recall receiving information about market share for Mallinckrodt products. Do you remember that?

Q. How did you receive information about market share?

Q. Is that different from Exhibit Number 5?

Q. Who -- from where did you get the marketing reports about market share that you're thinking of?

Q. Was it in summary form, meaning it would tell you market share for the entire nation?

Q. Was it -- did you ever recall seeing market share broken out by region?

Q. Did you at any point have any role in formulating the amount of bonuses paid to sales representatives and/or district sales managers at any time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Yeah. Did you -- well, did you have any role at any point with respect to the bonuses that were paid out to sales reps and/or district sales managers?

Q. What were your roles that involved paying the sales bonuses to sales reps and their district sales managers?

Q. What time period are you talking about?

Q. When you reviewed those for reasonableness, what did that involve?

Q. Did you review the actual terms cf the sales compensation plans in connection with that analysis?

Q. Do you know -- did you know at the time how those bonuses were calculated?

Q. And do you know now how the sales compensation incentive plan bonuses are calculated for the specialty pharmaceuticals group?

Q. Generally how are those -- let's talk about the current group. Generally how are those sales compensation incentive plan bonuses calculated?

Q. Targets in what sense?

Q. So for a sales rep -- sales representative in the specialty generics group -- is that what it's called -- specialty generics group?

Q. For a sales rep in a particular geographic territory, how is her or his bonus calculated, in general terms?

Q. Depends on what?

Q. What about a sales representative who is in the area of business that involves promoting opioid products?

Q. Currently?

Q. Have you ever reviewed a bonus payment in connection with a salesperson who promoted opioid products?

Q. Have you ever -- so opioid products are -- are there any -- let's talk about the specialty generics business now. Are there any sales compensation incentive plans that are tied in any way to the prescriptions of opioid products?

Q. Did you ever approve sales compensation incentive plans that involved in some way the prescriptions for Xartemis?

Q. Does the specialty generics business have any salespersons currently?

Q. What products do they promote?

Q. And those sales representatives currently promote active pharmaceutical ingredients?

Q. Okay. Well, what did the sales representatives do in connection with the active pharmaceutical ingredients business?

Q. For what purpose?

Q. For the purpose of increasing the amount of active pharmaceutical ingredients that the customers purchase?

Q. And one goal is also to increase the demand that those customers have for Mallinckrodt products; right?

Q. Why don't you know about that?

Q. No one ever told you that salespeople try to get more sales?

Q. No, that's not an opinion.

Q. Do you -- that's what I'm asking. Have you been -- have you ever heard in your life, your entire life, that can salespeople have as at least one of their goals to increase sales?

Q. Yeah, have you ever heard that?

Q. You believe that to be true?

Q. You've been in this business a long time; right? 20 years?

Q. You're trying to tell this jury that you don't know whether one goal of pharmaceutical sales representatives is to increase sales?

Q. So are you telling them to get fewer sales?

Q. What are you telling them to do?

Q. For what purpose?

Q. So in 20 years in this business, you don't know that salespeople try to increase sales for their products?

Q. Well, have you ever heard around the lunch room that salespeople try to increase sales for their products and when they do, they get more money, and when they don't, they get let go? You never heard that?

Q. You know when you started this that you're sworn in to tell the truth; right?

Q. You understand why that's important?

Q. So let me ask -- I'm going to give you another chance here. Are the sales representatives that work for the business that you're involved in right now -- is one of their goals to increase the sales of the active pharmaceutical ingredients?

Q. Who sets their sales target?

Q. Are you involved in that?

Q. Who else is involved in that?

Q. And who's currently in the business governance from above for the specialty generics business?

Q. Who's that? Who's on that?

Q. Are you on that team?

Q. Is Mr. Harbaugh on that team?

Q. Do you know any of the names of the people on the business governance team?

Q. Anybody else?

Q. And how long has this spin been contemplated, to your knowledge? You mentioned you were approached to sign a confidentiality agreement at some point. When was that?

Q. Of 2018?

Q. And do you know how long before that this spin was being contemplated?

Q. So prior to November of 2018, who was involved in setting sales targets for the specialty generics business? You had mentioned sales and marketing.

Q. And who would review that?

Q. Somebody above you?

Q. Was Mr. Harbaugh involved in that?

Q. So what happens when salespeople in the API business don't meet their sales targets?

Q. Does it -- if they don't meet their sales targets, does it mean it impacts their sales compensation positively, meaning they get more money, or do they get less money?

Q. Now, if they meet their sales targets or exceed their sales targets, do they get more money?

Q. Is that also true for the generics business?

Q. And is it also true for the addiction treatment business?

Q. Who are the customers for the addiction treatment?

Q. Clinics directly?

Q. Are any of the customers for the specialty generics addiction treatment business in Ohio?

Q. Who would know the answer to that?

Q. And the addiction treatment products are what?

Q. And who are the customers for the generics business?

Q. Does the API business currently include opioid ingredients?

Q. Does the generics business currently include plaids?

Q. Here. You should use that one because it has an exhibit number sticker on it. Okay. Exhibit Number 6 is MNK-Tl 0001511421, and it runs through MNK-Tl 0001511423. And you can take as much time as you need to review that document. Tell me when you've had a chance to review that.

Q. Okay. So this is a chain of e-mails between a group of people, and refer you to the first, meaning the top e-mail. I guess it's probably the last in time, but -- and it's from somebody named Terese Lafeber to you and Michael Mathews copying Diane Bass dated August the 26th of 2015, 6:34 PM. Do you see that?

Q. And the RE line says Q3 OSS payment calculation. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what OSS stands for?

Q. She, Terese Lafeber, says I need your approval for the final payout to the OSS team for their Q3 activity. The file has been peer-reviewed and manager QCed by ZS, whoever that is. Do you know who ZS is?

Q. Got it. Okay. Below is the summary of the payout for a total amount of $1,452,057.09.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. So if you look down at the quarterly payout summary, it says field sales representatives, XXR baseline payout and XXR growth payout. Dc you see that on the left?

Q. That XXR is Xartemis XR; right?

Q. Did you review the payout to the field sales representatives?

Q. And I just -- I'm sorry. And -- okay. Let me try it again because we crossed over there. Did you review the payout to the field sales representatives, the district sales managers, and the regional sales managers in connection with the Quarter 3 of 2015 payout?

Q. Do you know why Ms. Lafeber was asking you to approve that in 2015?

Q. SOX being Sarbanes-Oxley?

Q. Did you in 2015 review the actually sales compensation incentive plan for field sales representatives and district sales managers and regional sales managers in connection with Xartemis XR's promotion?

Q. Do you recall at any time approving quarterly bonuses for the sales team in connection with Xartemis product?

Q. Do you recall ever seeing a sales compensation incentive plan for field sales representatives that included any opioid product at any time?

Q. And have you reviewed those plans?

Q. And do you have field sales representatives in connection with any of those products?

Q. And you have a field sales team that calls on clinics as well; right?

Q. Did you say inpatient treatment?

Q. How many people are on that team?

Q. Are they divided up by region?

Q. And how big is the sales team that calls on customers for the active pharmaceutical ingredients for a business?

Q. And who do they call on?

Q. And were any of those manufacturers in Ohio?

Q. Global team?

Q. For the API?

Q. What about for the addiction treatment? Is that global?

Q. And how about for the generics?

Q. One international what?

Q. In what country?

Q. And what countries is he respon -- for all the rest of them?

Q. You were mentioned in another deposition by one of your -- of one of your colleagues, Kevin Vorderstrasse. Do you know him?

Q. Have you talked to him about your deposition today?

Q. Did you talk to him in general about it?

Q. Is he -- where is he in the hierarchy related to you?

Q. So why were you telling him you were going to be out?

Q. What is his job currently?

Q. Are you friends?

Q. Did he tell you about his deposition?

Q. So he testified -- and I'm paraphrasing -- that you provided some documents for his deposition testimony. Do you remember doing that?

Q. Do you recall the -- and I'm not asking you -- I just want to be careful how we do this back and forth. I'm not asking you what they told you or what you told them, but do you recall generally the scope of what you did?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. I don't want to know any conversations that you had with the Ropes & Gray team or whether -- something you said to them or something they said to you, but what I'm asking is about your actions. What was the scope of what you did in terms of pulling documents together for -- well, for any reason?

Q. Well, that puts you in quite a jam. What were you going to say?

Q. Okay. Did you pull documents together at some point for any purpose in connection with this litigation?

Q. Did you at some point -- well, did all those documents that you pulled together at any point -- did they come from the Mallinckrodt company's documents versus -- did you have some documents at home that you went and pulled?

Q. Do you have any documents in possession at your home or your -- any other place other than your office that relate to the Mallinckrodt opioid business in any way?

Q. So any documents you pulled together came from the Mallinckrodt files directly?

Q. Did you -- well, let me hand you what we'll mark as Exhibit Number 7. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Kilper-007 marked for identification.]

Q. Here's an exhibit copy, and I'll represent to you that these are -- in the back and forth between the lawyers and the parties, there were some questions that we asked of the Mallinckrodt companies and they responded with written responses. What I've handed you is an excerpt from those. They're very long. They're about, I think, 300, 250 pages, something like that. So we've excerpted some of those here. And you can take a look at that. What I'm going to direct you to is primarily this Exhibit E to the interrogatory responses, but you can read the whole excerpt I've sent to you here -- I've handed to you here, if you'd like. You don't have to. Exhibit E is referenced in the response -- the Interrogatory Number 33 and the response to it.

Q. Okay. So did you play any role in pulling together any of the data that's reflected in Exhibit E to Exhibit 7 to your deposition?

Q. And you may have answered my next question, which is do you know whether this information is complete that is set forth in Exhibit E?

Q. The question that it's responding to is provide the annual sales summary for each opioid product, in essence. So to clarify, my question is do you know whether Exhibit E to Exhibit Number 7 to your deposition includes complete data about the annual sales of opioid products?

Q. Does Mallinckrodt keep data on the annual sales of its products broken down by product?

Q. If you look at -- and have you ever seen that data, or seen reports pulled from that data?

Q. Where is that data warehoused?

Q. Is there a report that can be pulled from that data that shows the purchaser of the product?

Q. Who would know the answer to that?

Q. Any further thoughts on who might know the answer to whether we can pull a report that shows the purchaser of a product?

Q. What is Mallinckrodt Chemical, Inc.?

Q. Do you have any other information about it?

Q. Have you ever heard of that before I just said the name?

Q. What does that company do?

Q. In what context have you ever heard of it?

Q. Do you know anybody who works for it?

Q. Did you ever work for it?

Q. SpecGX LLC. What is that?

Q. Do you know when that was set up?

Q. Do you know roughly when it was set up?

Q. Did SpecGX LLC exist in 2017 to your knowledge?

Q. What did it do in 2017?

Q. I think you said from a transactional perspective the company, SpecGX LLC, went live in Q4 of 2018. So my question is what did the company do before -- let's say before Q4 of 2018?

Q. Right. That's a good question. Did it do any business -- SpecGX LLC -- before Q4 of 2018?

Q. Do you know whether the data set forth in Exhibit E to Exhibit 7 of your deposition -- whether that data is accurate?

Q. Let me hand you what we've marked as Exhibit Number 8. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Kilper-008 marked for identification.]

Q. And I will represent to you -- I'll represent to you that Exhibit Number 8 is a chart that some people made based on the information in Exhibit E to Exhibit 7 to your deposition based on gross sales as set forth in Exhibit E to Exhibit 7 based on the calculations from that data. And we believe it to be accurate, but my question to you is looking at this, do you have -- do you know whether the gross sales data set forth in Exhibit 8 is accurate?

Q. Have you ever seen any totals of gross opioid sales by Mallinckrodt in any form, whether it's

Q. Yes, sir. Including generics and brands?

Q. Okay. Well, then you can put that aside -- I'm starting to lose the battle of organization here. I need another table. Were you involved in any discussions -- you mentioned this -- let me back up. You mentioned this term optionality about what to do with the specialty generics business. Do you remember that word?

Q. Yes. And the options included what for that business?

Q. Were you in any way in the discussions of those various options?

Q. I'm sorry?

Q. What discussions were you involved in, then?

Q. And the information that you pulled for the sales process -- did that include information about sales of Mallinckrodt specialty generics products?

Q. Is that important information to present in context of potential sale of the company?

Q. Did you ever in that context see information about sales broken down by geographic region?

Q. What do you mean by that?

Q. The vast, vast majority of the sales were done in -- of Mallinckrodt specialty generics were done in the United States; right?

Q. The vast majority of the sales by the Mallinckrodt specialty generics group were done in the U.S.; right?

Q. For what products?

Q. Was the specialty generics business authorized to sell plaids outside of the United States? I'm talking about finished product, not API.

Q. Which -- do you know what entity was authorized to do that?

Q. At some point SpecGLC SpecGX LLC became

Q. Well, then you may have answered my next question. Did you have any role in that process?

Q. Let me hand you what we'll mark as Exhibit Number 9 to your deposition. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Kilper-009 marked for identification.]

Q. Yeah. Exhibit Number 9 is MNK-T1 0006000 -- wait. I said too many zeros. Let me start that again. Exhibit Number 9 is MNK-T1 0006003595. The front page says Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals, specialty generics strat plan update, EC meeting, April 13th of 2016. It has the name Matthew Harbaugh on the front page, senior vice-president, chief financial officer. Okay. Take as much time as you need to review that. My first question will be have you ever seen this document before today?

Q. Okay. Tell me when you've had a chance to review that. Good? Okay. It says EC meeting. What does that mean?

Q. And who was on the executive committee? Do you know?

Q. The CEO was Mark Trudeau?

Q. Were you on the executive committee?

Q. When do you think you saw -- first saw this presentation? Do you think you saw it before it was presented to the executive committee?

Q. And tell me about that. How did that come to be?

Q. What was your role?

Q. Did you do any analysis of the specialty generics market in connection with that work?

Q. Yes. I can refer you to the second page of Exhibit 9. The headline there says while specialty generics may not be part of the long-term future of MNK, we believe now is not the right time for an exit and that we should focus in the near term on building incremental value. Do you see that?

Q. And then the next -- Bullet Number 1 says is the specialty generics market attractive? Strong historical and anticipated TRS returns, high fragmentation, and two to five percent market growth expected. Do you want see that?

Q. Did you do any analysis that -- in connection with determining whether the specialty generics market was attractive?

Q. Do you know what TRS returns are?

Q. What is that?

Q. And how is that calculation done?

Q. What does that measure?

Q. And bullet point here Number 2 says what is our current market position and what does the business do for Mallinckrodt? Did you play any role in making that analysis?

Q. So looking through Exhibit Number 9, what portions of this presentation did you have a role in either preparing or providing information for?

Q. Okay. So Page 6 says our specialty generics business is expected to decline absent intervention, but exiting today is not the recommended option. Then there's a graph of historical financial performance and strat plan outlook. Is that the graph that you provided information for?

Q. Did you prepare those graphs?

Q. What did you base this information on?

Q. So you looked back at the net sales for the generic business going back to 2011; is that right?

Q. How did you project going forward?

Q. And that's what you base the forward-looking information on here?

Q. Did you undertake to determine which -- what percentage of the segment net sales was attributable to opioids?

Q. What would your best estimate be? Let's look at 14 and 15. For what percentage of those net sales were attributable to opioids?

Q. Do you know for any of the years reflected here a ballpark of what percentage of the net sales would be attributable to opioids?

Q. Do you recall of the projections what percentage were forecasted to be attributable to opioids?

Q. Going backwards from -- well, let's say from today going backwards, a report could be run that shows what percentage of net sales is attributable to opioids; right?

Q. And is there a reason you doubt that that might be possible?

Q. Well, for how long has the new system been in place -- or the current system?

Q. So going back to Calendar 15 we could pretty readily pull the net sales for opioid products?

Q. And then going back for prior to 2015, the data is there? Is that fair to say? The data that would enable us to figure out --

Q. How far back does the company keep sales data?

Q. Let's turn to Page 9 of Exhibit 9. Do you believe that you provided the information for the graphs on this page as well?

Q. So we have one color copy and I've been hoarding it this whole time, so sorry about that. Did you prepare the graphs on Page 9 of Exhibit 9?

Q. The top line here says adding modest BD&L turns our story to positive while market conditions unfold as multiple strategic imperatives are implemented. Do you see that?

Q. So what is this showing here? Let's look at the top graph. Strategic outlook of specialty generics segment, segment net sales in millions, and you show, kind of the top middle, a four percent increase. What is this depicting?

Q. So the backward-looking data through 2015 I believe is the same as -- well, through 2016 appears to be the same as the chart on Page 6. Is that fair?

Q. And then the difference is here we're showing a trend line increasing versus a trend line decreasing by five percent on Page 6; correct?

Q. And the difference is this projection is based on doing some additional things that would lead to a better outcome for the company; is that right?

Q. At this time in 2016, to your knowledge were all three options still on the table, meaning the optionality of joint venture, sale, or spin?

Q. When you say announcement, you mean announced to you, or --

Q. Were you -- did you have information that wasn't company-wide about that decision?

Q. Were you at this meeting in April of 2016?

Q. Do you know where the meeting took place?

Q. Well, let's look at the strategic imperatives here on Page 9 of Exhibit 9.

Q. Okay. Before we took a lunch break, Mr. Kilper, we were talking about Exhibit Number 9 and Page Number 9.

Q. If you could take a look at that. You, I believe, testified that you prepared this chart or these charts that are reflected here; is that right?

Q. And I believe we left off -- we were talking about some of the strategic imperatives that the specialty generics business would have to undertake in your view to ultimately increase its net sales looking forward. Is that fair to say?

Q. What would you say about that?

Q. And who include -- who do you include in that group?

Q. Who was who?

Q. Who was the president of the business at that time?

Q. Where was Mr. Kaczmarek located at that time?

Q. Has it moved since then?

Q. Where is it now?

Q. Where is that in relation to Hazelwood?

Q. What prompted the physical move?

Q. R & D is research and development?

Q. Who made that decision?

Q. So the strategic imperatives listed here on Page 9 of Exhibit 9, Number 1 was acquire up to $300 million in net sales through two or three focused acquisitions, approximately $1 billion investment. Do you see that?

Q. As things stand today are there -- have those acquisitions occurred?

Q. Are they contemplated?

Q. The second bullet point is invest five percent to seven percent of specialty generics sales back into R & D to build pipeline value. Do you see that?

Q. Has that happened?

Q. Is there -- are there any opioid products being currently developed?

Q. What are they?

Q. What was the one you said before the fentanyl patch?

Q. How do you spell that one?

Q. What is that?

Q. Was Roxicodone developed prior to -- well, is Roxicodone actually on the market now?

Q. When did that enter the market?

Q. Was it on the market in 2016?

Q. As a Mallinckrodt product?

Q. The next bullet is build an ANDA culture that will grow sales over time and drive value. What does that mean?

Q. Next, operate on a standalone basis. What does that mean?

Q. Upgrade talent across functions with dedicated R & D, M & A, and regulatory resources. What does that all mean?

Q. Did that come from somebody other than you?

Q. This last bullet point -- dilute specialty generics financial impact over time via growth in specialty brands enabling optionality. What does that all mean?

Q. Do you know who generated that comment?

Q. Ultimately this presentation was given by Matt Harbaugh; is that right? His name's on the front page, but do you know whether he actually gave it?

Q. Did he have final approval over all the slides to your knowledge?

Q. Why is the business -- the generics business declining?

Q. Any other reasons?

Q. When a salesperson for Mallinckrcdt goes out to talk to potential generics customers, do they promote particular products in those discussions?

Q. Have you ever reviewed the consolidated financial statements of Mallinckrodt, the ones that get sent to the Securities and Exchange Commission?

Q. How often do you do that?

Q. Do you review the quarterly filings every quarter?

Q. Have you ever reviewed the entirety of the consolidated financial statements?

Q. What role do you have, if any, in creating the consolidated financial statements that are filed with the SEC?

Q. Information from businesses that you're involved in ultimately gets input into that financial statement; right? That consolidated financial statement?

Q. It's a fair statement?

Q. How does it get from you to the consolidated financial statement?

Q. And what is that?

Q. Is that a thing or a group, or --

Q. Hyperion?

Q. And somebody pulls it out of that system?

Q. Have you ever had a situation where -- well, let me back up. Do you know who actually prepares the consolidated financial statements?

Q. Do you know what group does it?

Q. Where are they located?

Q. Do you know any names of people involved in that group?

Q. Who -- first of all, who heads it, if you know?

Q. And who else is involved in that group?

Q. Is that a man or a woman?

Q. Have you ever been contacted by anyone with the SEC reporting group to ask you about any of the information that they were going to include in the consolidated financial statement?

Q. Do you remember any specific instances?

Q. For the specialty generics business?

Q. What were the -- what was the question or questions?

Q. Do you know why the companies file a consolidated financial statement?

Q. Were you involved in any way in the decision to file a consolidated financial statement?

Q. Do you -- have you ever seen a draft of the consolidated financial statement before it was actually sent to the Securities and Exchange Commission?

Q. Mark as Exhibit Number 10 -- it's MNK-T1 0007870747 through 0830. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Kilper-010 marked for identification.]

Q. Here you go. Sorry.

Q. Right. So this is a big document with -- I don't know -- 80 pages or so. I'm not going to ask you about every single page. So you can review as much of this as you want. I'll direct you to the specific pages that I'm going to ask about --

Q. -- but you can review as much as you want for context, but -- my first question will be have you ever seen this presentation before today?

Q. In what context did you see it?

Q. Did he -- did you play any role in either preparing this or providing information that ultimately was assimilated into this document?

Q. Okay. We'll take it -- do you remember first by category what type of information you provided?

Q. So what was -- looking at just the first page here. It says August 2017, Project Georgetown management presentation. So what is this? What was the purpose of this document?

Q. What was Credit Suisse's role in that?

Q. Was this actually presented to potential buyers?

Q. Were you involved in those presentations?

Q. Who on the Mallinckrodt side was involved in the actual presentations? And if you look at Page 3 there's -- looks like some photographs.

Q. Do you know whether this was presented more than one time?

Q. Do you know who the potential buyer was?

Q. Do you know who they were?

Q. Who were they?

Q. How do you spell that?

Q. Any others?

Q. Were -- is Intas -- is that a drug company?

Q. How about Aurobindo?

Q. And Platinum Capital?

Q. Were you involved in any of the discussions with any of those entities or any other potential buyers?

Q. What was your role in those discussions?

Q. Which ones? All three?

Q. How did that work? Did they contact you with specific questions, or what?

Q. And the bankers would ask you specific questions or for specific information?

Q. Did you actually have meetings with representatives from the potential buyers?

Q. With each of the three of the potential buyers?

Q. Do you remember the nature of the questions that they had for you?

Q. Who else on the Mallinckrodt side was involved in those discussions?

Q. Yeah, the discu -- I'm talking about the discussions that you were involved in.

Q. Who is Angie Thomas?

Q. She would be knowledgeable about the chargebacks and rebate programs?

Q. Did any of the potential buyers in the discussions you were involved in have questions about potential liability for lawsuits resulting from the opioids portion of the business?

Q. Did you -- leaving aside what lawyers told you, did you ever hear about concerns by the potential buyers about liability for opioids-related lawsuits?

Q. Do you -- did you hear about them expressing that concern to anyone?

Q. Do you know why -- well, let me back up. Did any of the three potential buyers actually make an offer to buy the company?

Q. Do you know why there was never a sale of the company to any of those three buyers or any other buyer?

Q. Have you heard anything about why the -- none of the three buyers or no one else actually purchased the company?

Q. Well, do you have any information about why they didn't buy the company?

Q. Have any suspicions about why?

Q. What are your suspicions?

Q. Did they have an asking price for it?

Q. You think Mallinckrodt was overvaluing the business in their minds?

Q. Who would set a price for the specialty generics business? Who within the company would be the decision-maker on that?

Q. If you look at Page 1 of Exhibit 10, it says Credit Suisse Securities, U.S.A., LLC has been retained by Mallinckrodt PLC, referred to hereafter as Mallinckrodt or the company, to serve as its exclusive financial advisor in connection with the sale, called the transaction, of its specialty generics business unit, hereafter referred to as Georgetown. Dc you see that?

Q. So was it Mallinckrodt PLC that was selling the specialty generics business?

Q. People do; right?

Q. Do you know which people were making these decisions?

Q. Of Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. Whatever they call them? Is that fair to say? When you think of the Mallinckrodt board of directors, are you thinking of the Mallinckrodt PLC board of directors?

Q. The publicly traded company is called Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. When you read the earnings reports quarterly, did you ever look to see who's making the announcement?

Q. Do you own stock in Mallinckrodt?

Q. Was that something that was connected to your compensation from the company?

Q. When you say small amount, that means different things to different people. Can you give us

Q. You see, now, that sounds like a lot to me, so everybody has a different view. You have unvested stock options in Mallinckrodt PLC or whatever the Mallinckrodt publicly traded company is?

Q. When in time will those vest?

Q. What will the impact financially be for you on the spinoff of the specialty generics business?

Q. Have you looked at what the impact on shareholders will be off that spinoff?

Q. So let's look through -- we're in Exhibit 10. This would have been handy to have like two years ago.

Q. Let's look at first Page 3 of Exhibit 10, the one with the pictures of the six men and one woman. Your boss back in 2017 was still George Kegler?

Q. And his boss at the time was Dr. Frank Scholz?

Q. Who was George Kegler's boss?

Q. Was -- do you know why Matt Harbaugh was not involved in this presentation in August of 2017?

Q. What was his role in 2017, then?

Q. Oh, I see. Okay. I think I understand. So the lines of report -- Mr. Kegler reported directly to the CFO of the entire company?

Q. And who did Dr. Scholz report to?

Q. Who's the CFO -- I'm sorry -- the CEO of the entire company?

Q. And the sale that was being contemplated in August of 2017 -- well, let me back up. Dc you know to which buyer this was presented in August of 2017?

Q. Or I should say potential buyer. The sale that was being contemplated then was for the entirety of the specialty generics business, which included the API business as well as the generic drug part of the business, as well as the addiction treatment business; is that right?

Q. And -- I'm sorry.

Q. And contract manufacturing?

Q. How did the contract manufacturing portion of the business work?

Q. So Mallinckrodt would continue to produce, to manufacture those products, but they were marketed and sold by some other company?

Q. And the contemplated sale of the specialty generics business also included the Exalgo and Roxicodone?

Q. It did not include Xartemis, though; right?

Q. Did it include any other branded products?

Q. CNS means --

Q. So if you flip to Page 55 of Exhibit 10. It says internal manufacturing overview on the top of that page. And this page, Page 55 of Exhibit 10, lists four facilities the company owned, one that it leased, all of which are manufacturing plants. Is that fair to say?

Q. What was it prior to that?

Q. So let's just talk about the four owned facilities in that case, the -- there's one in St. Louis, which is a rather large facility, 650,000 feet -- square feet; right?

Q. That was the plant where you were plant controller over it at one time?

Q. Then they also have three other plants, one in Raleigh, one in Greenville, Illinois, and one in Hobart, New York; is that right?

Q. And all four of those plants produce either finished opioid products or API related to opioids; right?

Q. What's wrong with that sentence?

Q. And was that acetaminophen also sold as a standalone product?

Q. Was that the acetaminophen that was also used in combination with opioids to produce a combination pill?

Q. I feel like I said combination too many times in that sentence, but you understand what I was saying?

Q. So let me try it another way. The plant in Raleigh produced acetaminophen, some of which was sold as acetaminophen to the public or to whoever, some of which was combined with opioids to create another product. Is that fair?

Q. What about Greenville, Illinois? What is compressible APAP, Compap?

Q. For combining with another substance such as an opioid?

Q. And then the Hobart, New York, facility produces hydrocodone, oxycodone, methadone, morphine, and methylphenidate?

Q. Oh, I see. It says key products. And for the Hobart, New York, facility, the production capacity is listed as 13.5 billion doses. Do you see that?

Q. Over what time period is that?

Q. And that includes plaids plus other products?

Q. What other product -- oh, I'm sorry. I cut you off.

Q. And at least for the year of 2017, it was working at approximately 40 percent capacity?

Q. Did it ever operate at near 100 percent capacity during your time with the company?

Q. Was it always around 40, or did it vary?

Q. What is a dose in the way it's used here on Page 55 of Exhibit 10?

Q. So if it's operating at 40 percent --

Q. 5 billion doses, about, a year?

Q. At least in 2017? What percentage of the doses -- let's talk about 2017 -- that were produced at Hobart -- what percent of those doses were opioids, would you guess?

Q. Is methylphenidate an opioid?

Q. Do you know -- do you remember which were the big production items among these five that are listed here as key products for Hobart?

Q. Where are the two branded opioid products manufactured? I'm talking about Exalgo and Roxicodone.

Q. Where are they located?

Q. Mikart?

Q. K-A-R-T. Are they in the U.S.?

Q. And that -- I'm sorry. Is that Exalgo or Roxicodone?

Q. What about Exalgo?

Q. Where are they located?

Q. Is it in the U.S. as well?

Q. Why are those manufactured by companies other than a Mallinckrodt -- or why are they manufactured somewhere other than a Mallinckrcdt facility?

Q. And that's where they were being manufactured at the time they were acquired?

Q. Let look at Page 60, please, of Exhibit 10. It says here the deal perimeter of products included in Georgetown -- now, Georgetown, as we discussed earlier, was the code name for the sale of the specialty generics business; right?

Q. Deal perimeter of the products included in Georgetown includes, Number 1, the entirety of the specialty generics segment, excluding BioVectra; right?

Q. What is BioVectra?

Q. And why was that being excluded?

Q. So that was staying with Mallinckrodt after the spinoff -- or I'm sorry -- after either the sale or whatever happened to the business?

Q. And as we discussed earlier, Exalgo, Roxicodone were both going to go with the generic brands -- sorry -- the generic specialty -- specialty generics business; is that right?

Q. What were the other non-promoted products?

Q. And then contract manufacturing, which is almost entirely CMDS products. Do you see that?

Q. What is that?

Q. The deal would also include the facilities that Mallinckrodt owned, which are St. Louis, Hobart, Greenville, and Raleigh, and the leased facility at Webster Groves, Missouri; is that right?

Q. If you turn over to the next page, 62. And this is Calendar Year two -- sorry -- 2016A gross sales. Do you see that?

Q. Why is it 2016A? Was the year split for some reason?

Q. Oh, actual. Got it. Gross sales, specialty generics, two million -- sorry -- $2,325,000,000; is that right?

Q. And then you got to back out of that the chargebacks and rebates and some other things, and you get to net sales of $589 million; is that right?

Q. Among the deductions in the -- what did you call it -- the waterfall? Is that the right term?

Q. Yeah, that's -- what do you call -- percent waterfall?

Q. Oh, sorry. Gross-to-net waterfall. One of those -- one of the deductions there is for rebates paid to states for participating in the Medicaid program; right?

Q. In other words, state Medicaid programs that had these products on their formulary would also receive a rebate; is that right?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt at any time to your knowledge pay rebates related to opioids to the Medicaid program in Ohio?

Q. Why do you say that?

Q. So it may have paid rebates to Medicaid in Ohio? You just don't know?

Q. Do you know whether any of the Mallinckrodt opioid products were on the formulary for the Ohio Workers' Comp program?

Q. If you could please turn to 76 -- Page 76 of Exhibit 10. Now, did the potential buyers know that Georgetown was actually Mallinckrodt?

Q. If you could look at -- let's turn to Page 82. Excuse me. Primary driver. Let me back up. The top page says new hydrocodone facility is a strategic investment for the St. Louis plant leading to significant savings. Do you see that?

Q. What is that in reference to?

Q. And what is the new chemistry for hydrocodone? What does that mean?

Q. And out of poppy straw you can create hydrocodone?

Q. Is there a difference between the hydrocodone that comes from poppy straw versus the hydrocodone that comes from opium?

Q. Do you have any patents?

Q. Have you ever applied for a patent?

Q. Have you ever participated in developing anything that led to a patent?

Q. What is the name for this spinoff company going to be?

Q. Who is going to own the name Mallinckrodt, if you know? Is it -- in terms of the intellectual property?

Q. Is it just Mallinckrodt? Is there some other name to it -- I mean, other part of the name?

Q. Do you know who Angus Russell is?

Q. Were you on a phone call -- were you on a phone call with -- an investor phone call in December of 2018 where the spinoff was announced?

Q. Yes, just two months ago or so?

Q. I do. It was, I believe, December the 6th -- early December. May have been the 5th of 2018.

Q. Matthew Harbaugh spoke on the call and some other people?

Q. Do you remember that?

Q. Were you in the room with Mr. Harbaugh when he was on that call?

Q. Were you -- where were you?

Q. Do you typically work out of the office?

Q. Do you have a home office as well?

Q. So you were already at your desk for a couple hours about the time that happened? Okay. So do you recall who else spoke on that phone call?

Q. Anyone else?

Q. Do you remember a discussion on that call about the cash impact of any sort of opioid settlement?

Q. Do you remember somebody -- some executive saying that the cash impact from any sort of opioid settlement was probably a number of years away?

Q. Do you remember somebody raising the issue of the opioids lawsuits?

Q. Is there a reason why you remember very little about it?

Q. Mr. Kilper, we've marked as Exhibit 11 a document that has on the front Mallinckrodt plans spinoff of specialty generics business to shareholders. It says news provided by Mallinckrodt PLC, December 6th, 2018, at 6:00 Eastern. Do you see that?

Q. And if you flip to the last page, it says 9 of 9. The third line from the bottom there says source, Mallinckrodt PLC, related links, www.mallinckrodt.com. Do you see that?

Q. I'll represent to you that this was printed from the -- I believe from the Mallinckrodt website directly.

Q. Oh, I'm sorry. This -- I take that back. This was printed from the PR Newswire. It's a news release that apparently came from Mallinckrodt, is what I'll represent to you. First of all, have you seen this document ever, or some version of this press release?

Q. Did you see a draft version, or something after it was released to the public?

Q. Did you know about this announcement before it was made to the public?

Q. If you look at the top of the second page. It starts with a plan of separation there. Do you see that?

Q. The second sentence says the spinoff is projected to be completed in the second half cf 2019 or sooner. Do you see that?

Q. I think you said earlier that your understanding is the current plan is to complete the spinoff in the summer of 2019; is that right?

Q. Is that on track still?

Q. Have you ever seen an internal timeline for tasks that need to be completed in order to complete the spinoff?

Q. From a finance perspective, will the spinoff, at least in terms of the tasks that the finance group needs to finish -- will that be ready in the summer of 2019?

Q. The next senten -- sorry. The next paragraph refers to the remaining specialty pharmaceutical brands company. Is there a second spinoff contemp -- a spinoff of a second company contemplated as well?

Q. The last sentence there says the remaining company will be renamed at a later date. Do you see that?

Q. Do you have any idea what the name of that remaining company will be?

Q. Mr. Russell -- Angus Russell, Mallinckrodt's chairman of the board -- again, that's the board of Mallinckrodt PLC to your understanding?

Q. He said -- and this is in quotes. I'm looking at the second sentence. In 2016 the board began to explore a range of strategic alternatives for the company's specialty generics business, and believes there is a strong rationale and opportunity tc create two new appropriately capitalized independent companies to have the potential to unlock and increase value over the long term. Do you see that?

Q. Is that consistent with your information that it was 2016 when the board began to explore a range of strategic alternatives for the specialty generics business?

Q. Mr. Trudeau said -- this is the fourth paragraph on Page 2 of Exhibit 11. Mr. Trudeau said, quote, today's announcement is another important step forward in our journey to become an innovation-driven, pure-play speciality pharmaceutical brands growth company. Do you see that?

Q. What does pure play mean?

Q. Have you ever heard that term before?

Q. Do you have in your mind any notion of what that means?

Q. Okay. What is that?

Q. Ah. Okay. In other words, no generic products?

Q. If you flip over to the third page of Exhibit 11. Third paragraph. Matthew Harbaugh, currently Mallinckrodt's executive vice-president and chief financial officer, CFO, and president of specialty generics business is expected to become president and chief executive officer of the new company upon completion of the spinoff. Do you see that?

Q. Is that still the plan as far as you know?

Q. And as president and chief executive officer, who would Mr. Harbaugh report to then?

Q. So who -- what is that box you said earlier that's empty currently on the organizational chart? Is that --

Q. Okay. Is that a job that you would like to be considered for?

Q. Do you know who is being considered for that?

Q. And that would be somebody who would be your boss?

Q. Is there any reason you don't want that job?

Q. And if you flip to, I guess -- one, two, three, four, five -- Page 5, where it says conference call and webcast. It says Mallinckrodt will hold a conference call on Thursday, December the 6th, 2018, beginning at 8:00 AM Eastern. Do you see that?

Q. That was a call that you were on?

Q. Did you speak on that call?

Q. The -- at the bottom of this page it says about the specialty generics disposal group. Do you see that?

Q. What is the specialty generics disposal group?

Q. Do you know whether an impairment on the specialty generics assets was ever included on the consolidated financial statements?

Q. Did you have any role in any discussions about including an impairment for those assets?

Q. Do you know what the criteria are for including an impairment of goodwill for a business?

Q. Do you know whether that was ever done with respect to the specialty generics business at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Was it done?

Q. When was that done?

Q. Do you know why it was done?

Q. And at some point it was determined that the intangibles were impaired?

Q. Do you know who made that decision?

Q. How did you learn that there was an impairment reflected on the consolidated financial statement for the goodwill associated with the specialty generics business?

Q. And then the SEC group puts them in the GAAP? Is that how it works?

Q. And at what point -- where is the impairment calculated?

Q. What is the technical accounting group?

Q. Yeah. Is that what you said -- technical accounting group?

Q. Yeah. What is the technical --

Q. And that's -- the SEC -- is the technical accounting and the SEC group the same group?

Q. And is that Megan Roberts's group?

Q. So here's that. Here you are. We've marked as Exhibit Number 12 -- let's call this a collective exhibit, and what it is is two excerpts from -- it's one excerpt from the Mallinckrodt 10-Q for -- dated 12-30 of 2016, and then the second -- sorry -- the third page is an excerpt from Mallinckrodt 10Q 9-28-18. They relate to the same issue that I want to ask you about, which is the impairment. Sc you can take as much time to review this. What I'm going to ask you about first is Paragraph 10, which is on the second page, goodwill and intangible assets.

Q. So do you know how to read the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statement?

Q. Okay. Well, let's look at Note 10 here, goodwill and intangible assets. It says the gross carrying amount of goodwill by segment at the end of each period were as follows. And there's specialty brands and specialty generics lines there. Dc you see those?

Q. I'll represent to you the highlighting is something that we've added that wasn't on the document filed with the SEC. So for December 30th of 2016, specialty generics is showing an accumulated impairment of $207 million. Do you see that?

Q. And what does that mean, if anything, about the value of the goodwill for the company?

Q. If you know?

Q. And is there -- at this time does this filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission show any impairment for the specialty brands business?

Q. Do you know why this impairment was recognized in the consolidated financial statement in 2016?

Q. Do you know what the impact on a financial statement is when there's an impairment recognized of goodwill?

Q. Yes, sir.

Q. When did you first learn that the Mallinckrodt PLC consolidated financial statement reflected an impairment of $207 million in specialty generics business assets?

Q. Did you learn immediately upon the release to the public or did you learn at some later point about that?

Q. Did you agree with that decision when you first learned about it?

Q. So did you have an opinion one way or the other as to whether that was the correct course of action?

Q. Have you ever heard of an entity called the Mallinckrodt International Finance SA?

Q. And what is that entity?

Q. In what context did you hear about it?

Q. With whom?

Q. Did you ever work for Mallinckrodt International Finance SA?

Q. How about -- have you ever heard of Mallinckrodt CB LLC?

Q. Right. Like MCB. Maybe you've heard that term.

Q. No? Okay. Are there two entities called Mallinckrodt, Inc.?

Q. It does. Okay. Have you ever been involved with making a calculation called net debt leverage ratio?

Q. Do you know what that is?

Q. Have you heard of an organization called Mallinckrodt Securitization?
