Witness:  John Gillies
Attorney: MR. Kawamoto
Source:   MNKOI0004562234
============================================================

Q. Mr. Gillies, thank you for returning today.

Q. I appreciate your time. Now, yesterday you were testifying in your capacity as a 30 6 designee for Mallinckrodt. Do you understand that?

Q. And today you're going to be testifying in your personal capacity. Do you understand that?

Q. And do you understand the difference between testifying in your 30 6 capacity and your personal capacity? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562246

Q. And what is that difference?

Q. Okay. I think that's fair enough.

Q. With respect to your testimony today, so your personal deposition, what did you do to prepare for this deposition?

Q. And approximately how much time did you spend with legal counsel?

Q. And just to be clear, that's essentially the aggregate time, the prep for both deps? Is that fair?

Q. Did you review any documents in preparation for your personal deposition? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562247

Q. And I think you indicated yesterday that you did review some of the pleadings in this case. Is that accurate?

Q. And you spoke with Ms. Harper; is that accurate?

Q. Did you speak with anyone else in preparation for your deposition other than counsel and Ms. Harper?

Q. And your counsel today, Mr. O'Connor and -- I'm sorry -- Josh -- are with Ropes & Gray. Are you paying them?

Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt is paying them?

Q. So this is Exhibit 33. So Mr. Gillies, have you seen this document before?

Q. So I'd like to direct your attention to Page 5. And Page 5 has two requests for production. The first is all documents, including electronic data and e-mail, in your possession related in any way to any defendant's manufacture, marketing, sale, distribution, suspicious order monitoring, and lobbying efforts in connection with its opioid business. Do you have any documents in your personal possession as distinct from at your office or on your work computer that would fall into this category?

Q. And I think that you indicated that you didn't consult any documents in preparation for your personal deposition?

Q. Do you have a Mallinckrodt-issued cell phone? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562249

Q. And the company pays for the service and the phone?

Q. Do you send any texts related to your work?

Q. Do you recall who you texted with?

Q. Do you recall how often you would send text messages?

Q. But occasionally you have sent text messages in connection with your work?

Q. Do you recall the nature of those messages?

Q. Okay. Thank you. So you can put that aside. This is Gillies Exhibit 34. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-034 marked for identification.] https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562250

Q. So Mr. Gillies, I've handed you a document that's Bates-numbered MNK-Tl 5138849, and it appears to be either a press release or a biography statement for you. Have you ever seen this document before?

Q. What is this document?

Q. And why was -- I assume this was created by Mallinckrodt. Is that correct?

Q. And why did you create this for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you know what they did with this bio?

Q. But presumably they would have shared this information with people either within the company or outside of the company; is that fair?

Q. Now, is it fair to say you were hired by Mallinckrodt based on your law enforcement background?

Q. And part of this background was your experience with prescription drug investigations, is it not?

Q. And is it fair to say that Mallinckrodt expects you to apply your law enforcement experience to your responsibilities as a vice-president for global security?

Q. Well, no. My question is a little different.

Q. Which is -- I mean, is it your understanding that Mallinckrodt expects you to apply https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562252 your experience from law enforcement, the insights you have, your experience over 29 years, in carrying out your responsibilities as the director or the vice-president for global security?

Q. Now, I imagine in your position and during your tenure you are probably privy to a fair amount of confidential government information with respect to government investigations and activities. Is that a fair statement?

Q. And I assume you didn't share or discuss this information with your current employer or your colleagues. Is that accurate?

Q. But that certainly doesn't prohibit you from sharing your insights based on your extensive experience with your colleagues?

Q. And so just so we're clear, I don't have any -- I don't want to get you in trouble. I'm not interested in asking --

Q. Thank you. I'm not interested in asking you about confidential information. I don't want you to divulge or disclose any secrets, and to the degree that you believe my questions are inadvertently doing that, I'm happy to rephrase or narrow them.

Q. But that being said, I do think it's fair and I do intend to question you on your opinions and your views based on what is 29 years of experience in law enforcement, because I believe that -- I mean, Mallinckrodt certainly expects you to rely on that experience, and that's part of how you're carrying out your job with them. So there's no question there. I just did want to make that statement.

Q. So Mr. Gillies, why did you leave the FBI?

Q. And why did you join Mallinckrodt?

Q. And did you know anything about Mallinckrodt or did you have any impressions about Mallinckrodt before you joined the company?

Q. Let's -- well, so let's try -- well, let's move on then. When did you first become aware of an opioid crisis in the United States?

Q. And do you recall when between 2009 and https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562255 2012 you gained this awareness?

Q. In your opinion, what are the causes of this crisis?

Q. Is there anything else?

Q. Now, when --

Q. So Mr. Gillies, you identified three causes -- the illicit drug trade, unscrupulous doctors, https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562256 and then liberal business practices in Florida. With respect to the illicit drug trade, what do you mean by that?

Q. And are you familiar with the term diversion?

Q. What does diversion mean to you?

Q. And this would be diverting opioid products outside of the legitimate supply chain; is that correct?

Q. And when you say unscrupulous doctors, what do you mean by that?

Q. And then you said the liberal business practices in Florida. Could you describe what you mean by that?

Q. So I'd like to show you a document or I'd like to hand you Exhibit 35. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-035 marked for identification.]

Q. For the record, this is a document that was used in a prior deposition, so it's Exhibit 7 from the Neely deposition. The Bates number MNK-T1 449492. And to provide some context, sir, this e-mail identifies I think what you would call various red flags, and so I want to ask you about those red flags and get your understanding of them. I guess I'm focusing now on the e-mail at the very bottom from Kate Muhlenkamp to Victor Borelli dated July 12th, 2010. Do you see that e-mail?

Q. And it says, Victor, per our conversation regarding KeySource and the proposed vault program, we are not planning to proceed for the following reasons. Do you know who Key -- or do you know what KeySource was? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562258

Q. And do you know what happened to KeySource?

Q. Well, would you agree with me that KeySource had its license I think revoked by the DEA? Is that an accurate statement?

Q. Well, so when you say you don't know that in your personal knowledge, what do you mean by that?

Q. So it is your understanding, though, that KeySource had its license revoked by the DEA? Is that --

Q. And there's a reference to KeySource and the proposed vault program. Do you know what the vault program was?

Q. So the e-mail goes down and it identifies various reasons that KeySource is not going to be, I guess, admitted into the vault program, and the first https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562259 is rolling 12 months versus prior rolling 12 months. Do you see that bullet point?

Q. Could you read that into the record for me?

Q. So what this bullet point indicates is that KeySource's distribution to Florida has increased by over 1,300 percent. Is that fair?

Q. Well, but that's what the e-mail says?

Q. And if in fact that is accurate, would you agree that that's a cause for concern?

Q. Well, taking a step back. If you had a https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562260 distributor or if Mallinckrodt was doing business with

Q. Well, but I mean, I'm asking based on your general -- based on your experience and your work and your responsibilities and your role as the director for global security, if there's -- I mean, if there's a distributor and that distributor's sales into Florida increased by 1,300 percent over a 12-month period, in your opinion, isn't that cause for concern?

Q. And what would those questions be?

Q. So if someone came to you and asked for https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562261 your approval to continue to ship to this distributor, these are -- one of the questions you'd ask before granting that approval was, what are the reasons for the increase? Is that fair?

Q. Are there any other questions?

Q. But you would agree that a significant -- strike that. You would agree that a substantial increase of sales into Florida would be a red flag that merits further review; is that fair?

Q. So the second bullet point that's at the top of Bates number 449493 -- Do you see that?

Q. Could you please read that into the record? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562262

Q. And so would you agree that a distributor that is selling primarily oxycodone is a cause for concern?

Q. Well, but if 78 percent of the sales of a distributor is oxycodone, so you know the product and you know the percentage, isn't that a red flag?

Q. Well, but if a distributor's only product that it was selling, let's say, was oxycodone, wouldn't that be of great concern to you?

Q. So you don't have any concerns with distributors that only sell oxycodone and no other pharmaceutical products?

Q. Well, and when you say you would need other research or other information -- I guess here's my question. What information or research would alleviate your concerns with a distributor that only sells oxycodone?

Q. Well, if you were designing a suspicious order monitoring program, though, and part of that program was to scrutinize Mallinckrodt's customers, isn't one of the things you would look at the amount of oxycodone that that customer is purchasing from Mallinckrodt and the percentage of -- what percentage that oxycodone is relative to the other products they're purchasing?

Q. Wouldn't you agree that's an important consideration?

Q. Okay. Well -- let's see. But as you sit here today, you don't have any concerns with distributors that sell that -- well, strike that. As you sit here today, you wouldn't have any concerns with

Q. That wouldn't raise any red flags to you? That's my only question.

Q. But it would prompt further inquiry; is that correct?

Q. So can you read the third -- the second bullet point from the top for me?

Q. Would you agree that a distributor that is selling 94 percent of its oxycodone products into Florida is a red flag?

Q. And what is the additional information you would need?

Q. Well, let's --

Q. Okay. So let's say then that 94 percent of them -- I understand the ambiguity in the language.

Q. Let's say 94 percent of them are going to the State of Florida.

Q. So we're not talking through. We're going -- we're talking to the State of Florida.

Q. So you've got a distributor -- its total oxycodone IR sales for the past 12 months, 94 percent of it goes to the State of Florida?

Q. Isn't that a cause for concern?

Q. And when you say what does that number look like, are you referring to the absolute volume?

Q. So 20,000 volumes --

Q. And so if they were shipping thousands of bottles, not 100 bottles, but thousands of bottles, would that be a red flag?

Q. And to be clear, when we're talking about red flags, what I mean by a red flag is a condition or

Q. So do you under --

Q. Okay. And can you read the last bullet point?

Q. So 100 percent of what Mallinckrodt sells to KMI is oxycodone. Would you agree that that's a red flag?

Q. Well, and so if you define a red flag as https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562270 an indica -- a condition that requires additional information --

Q. Now, do you see the paragraph underneath the bullet points?

Q. Can you read that into the record?

Q. Okay. Thank you. So you would agree that it is improper for a manufacturer to drive oxycodone sales in a state, would you not?

Q. And forgive me. I want to make sure I understand your answer. So in the distribution center scenario, there's a distribution center in Florida and then from there it gets shipped out? Or what do you mean by a distribution --

Q. Well, strike that. What do you mean by a distribution center?

Q. And so --

Q. So -- but if Mallinckrodt is shipping -- I mean, if Mallinckrodt is driving oxycodone sales into the State of Florida, why does it make a difference https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562272 whether those sales are going to a distribution center in Florida to be distributed into the state versus to indirect customers? I don't understand what the distinction is you're drawing.

Q. Okay. So -- I'm sorry. Go ahead.

Q. Understood.

Q. But as a general matter, you would agree that it is a -- it would be a problem, it would be improper for Mallinckrodt to be driving oxycodone sales into the State of Florida given the issues in Florida with oxycodone; correct?

Q. But I'm just asking as sort of a factual matter. So I'm not asking you to interpret or try to https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562273 tell me what the person that wrote this was thinking. I'm just saying as a factual matter, if -- it would be improper for Mallinckrodt to drive sales into the State of Florida?

Q. So what additional information would -- well, strike that. You previously indicated that one of the causes of the opioid crisis were the liberal business practices in Florida; is that correct?

Q. And why were those liberal business practices a problem?

Q. And those liberal business practices didn't just impact Florida? They impacted other states as well, did they not?

Q. So you have no understanding of the fact that people would come from out of state into Florida https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562274 to purchase opioid products?

Q. But I'm just --

Q. Well, but I'm not asking you for confidential information or detailed information.

Q. I'm just saying that given the press and the -- well, given the widespread press coverage of Florida, which I mean, you as well as other people understand, isn't it common knowledge that people go into Florida to buy drugs because of the liberal business practices and then they take those drugs out of Florida?

Q. Is that generally understood, sir?

Q. So I'm handing you what's marked as Exhibit 36. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-036 marked for identification.]

Q. And this is a prior exhibit from the Neely deposition, Mallinckrodt Exhibit 14. Bates number is https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562275 MNK-11 559192. And it's an e-mail with various attachments. I want to -- I'm going to focus my questioning on the cover e-mail.

Q. So to provide some context for this e-mail -- do you know who H.D. Smith is or what H.D. Smith is?

Q. And they are a customer of Mallinckrodt, are they not?

Q. And so H.D. Smith identified a list of pharmacies that they were no longer willing to do business with. Is that fair? I think that's in the --

Q. Well, no. Well, the list of pharmacies is the attachment.

Q. But the second paragraph of the e-mail indicates that H.D. Smith has identified various pharmacies that they're not doing business with.

Q. Is that a fair statement?

Q. And they identified these pharmacies based on the various bullet points towards the bottom of the page. Do you see those?

Q. The first one is -- I believe it's Schedule II ratio to normal nonscheduled product orders. Do you see that?

Q. And then the second bullet point is if the pharmacy was closed door, servicing just physicians. Do you see that?

Q. And the third bullet point is large pharmacies with excess orders?

Q. Fourth is no physician sales?

Q. And fifth is pharmacy secondary supplier relations?

Q. Do those factors make sense as screens for pharmacies? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562277

Q. And so based on applying these screens, H.D. Smith identified a list of pharmacies that they were essentially cutting off. Would you be concerned as the director, the vice-president of global security for Mallinckrodt, if one of your other customers, one of your other distributors, was still servicing the pharmacies that H.D. Smith had cut off?

Q. And what additional information would you https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562278 want to know, sir?

Q. And if it turns out that one of your other customers was in fact servicing some of these pharmacies, that would be a cause of concern, would it not?

Q. And where would you go from there?

Q. But you would have used this information in this list to undertake a further review of your other distributors' customers; is that fair?

Q. But given this list and given this information, you would do some additional research, would you not?

Q. I'd like to hand you Exhibit 37. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-037 marked for identification.]

Q. Now, this is another prior exhibit. It's Mallinckrodt 15 from Ms. Neely's deposition, Bates number is MNK-11 265441. And my questions relate to the top e-mail, sir.

Q. And so this is -- this e-mail is an e-mail from Ms. Muhlenkamp to Mr. Rausch. Do you know either of those individuals?

Q. And Ms. Muhlenkamp says it appeared to me that they were picking up some of the business that was left open by Sunrise and Harvard. Do you see that sentence? It's in the middle of the paragraph.

Q. Do you know who Sunrise and Harvard were?

Q. And do you know what happened to them?

Q. And then can you read the remainder of the paragraph starting from then?

Q. And so would you agree that doctors and pain clinics present a heightened risk of diversion?

Q. And what are -- what do you mean by pain clinics? What's your understanding of a pain clinic?

Q. And so if a distributor customer of Mallinckrodt was primarily selling to pain clinics, that would be a cause of concern for you, would it not?

Q. And I understand it's not the only factor, but it is certainly an important factor, is it not?

Q. So it would certainly be a red flag, then, in the sense that they would prompt you to get addition -- to do additional research and investigation?

Q. And one of the things that you would want to know is, for Mallinckrodt's customers, which of those are primarily shipping to pain clinics? Is that fair?

Q. Though you could ask the distributors who their customers are, could you not?

Q. And based on the chargeback data, which I believe was discussed yesterday --

Q. -- that would also indicate to you who the distributors' customers were?

Q. Yes. And so the information is certainly available for you to get a sense of which of your distributor customers are shipping primarily to pain clinics; correct?

Q. And that is information that you believe https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562283 should be considered, is it not?

Q. Oh, sure. Absolutely.

Q. And so this is a press release put out by the Department of Justice -- and actually, I believe it's the FBI -- relating to an indictment in Florida. Is that correct, sir? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562284

Q. Okay. Fair enough. But this is put out by the U.S. Attorney's office, so I mean, it's put out by the Department of Justice?

Q. And so, sir, I wanted to direct you to the statement at the very bottom, which I believe is your statement. Do you see that, sir?

Q. So could you please read that into the record?

Q. And that is an accurate statement, is it not? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562285

Q. And then going up to the top, can you please read the portion that I just highlighted?

Q. And that is an accurate statement, is it not, sir?

Q. Then -- okay. Can you please read that highlighted portion, sir?

Q. And that is an accurate distribution, is it not?

Q. Okay. Taking a step back. I mean, these press -- this press release was put out by the U.S. Attorney's office; correct?

Q. And there is presumably a process to ensure that the statements in it are accurate, is it not?

Q. Well, would you agree that the Department of Justice does not put out press releases that are false?

Q. So can you please read that paragraph?

Q. We're looking at the second page of the --

Q. Yeah, same document.

Q. First page.

Q. And this is just on the back page. Here you go.

Q. And that is an accurate statement of the allegations in the indictment, is it not?

Q. Well, let me try to rephrase this.

Q. It is your understanding that Steven Goodman was charged, is it not?

Q. And he was the owner of Medical Arts, was he not?

Q. Okay. But Medical Arts was charged; is that correct?

Q. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah.

Q. I'm just putting up that paragraph.

Q. So let's try this. Can you please read the section that I just highlighted?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe this statement is inaccurate, sir?

Q. And could you please read this paragraph that I just highlighted up there?

Q. And you don't have any reason to believe that that statement is inaccurate, sir?

Q. Thank you. So I'm handing you Exhibit 41, sir. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-041 marked for identification.]

Q. There you go. And I'm sorry, sir. Could I see that back real quickly?

Q. I just want to make sure -- okay. Here you go. Okay. So I just handed you a document that's Bates-numbered MNK-11 565408. Now, sir, you will recall that we had just reviewed a press release that referenced Mr. Goodman and Medical Arts. Do you recall that, sir?

Q. Did you know that Medical Arts was a customer of -- well, strike that. Did you know that Medical Arts had contacted Mallinckrodt?

Q. Would you have any concerns with Mallinckrodt products being sent to, shipped to Medical Arts?

Q. Do you see in the middle e-mail of the document it's from John Adams to Lois Cahill and Michael Gunning? It's dated August 7th, 2008. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562293

Q. And do you see the last -- or last phrase of the first paragraph? Can you read that into the record?

Q. And so -- hold on. So I want you to hold onto that exhibit, and then I have another exhibit --

Q. -- that I'd like to provide you as well.

Q. Okay. So this is now Exhibit 42. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-042 marked for identification.]

Q. This is a document Bates-numbered MNK-Tl 563396. And sir, I'm going to focus your attention on the bottom e-mail.

Q. So actually, can you read the first or the first two sentences of that bottom e-mail into the record?

Q. So -- and I mean, so if you could look at Exhibit -- I believe it's 42 -- along -- in conjunction with Exhibit 41, you'll see that these are within a month of each other. You have a customer, Medical Arts, that only wants oxycodone and is only selling its product -- he apparently only sells his product to one customer, South Florida Pain Management. Given those two pieces of information, wouldn't you agree that this raises a red flag for you? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562295

Q. Well, what more information would you need? What more information would you want to know?

Q. Well, but let's go over what Mallinckrodt does know based on these e-mails. You've got Medical Arts and you've got Mr. Goodman. This is Mr. -- I mean, Medical Arts is essentially a distributor because it's got its own customer that it's shipping to. Do you agree that that's information Mallinckrodt has?

Q. This is based on Exhibit 42.

Q. So the first piece of information is you have Medical Arts that is essentially a distributor and they've got one customer only that is South Florida Pain Management. Second piece of information is the only product he wants is oxycodone. Doesn't that raise a red flag, sir?

Q. Well, I'm not sure I -- I mean, these are internal Mallinckrodt e-mails, so this is information that the company has access to.

Q. Well, I understand that, sir.

Q. But my question is only whether these conditions should have triggered a red flag in a reasonable anti-diversion program?

Q. And so the first piece of information you have is you're dealing with a distributor and he sells products to one customer in Florida, South Florida Pain Management, which is a pain clinic, is it not?

Q. So you've got one -- you've got a distributor that is selling product to only one customer, a pain clinic in Florida, and the only product he wants is oxycodone. Doesn't that raise a red flag for you, sir?

Q. Well, on the assumption that this is the information they have and they don't have any other information relating to Mr. Goodman and Medical Arts pharmacies, isn't this information sufficient to cause concern?

Q. And --

Q. Well, and when you say you don't know what they were thinking, you mean you don't know what Mallinckrodt was thinking?

Q. But sir, if you were in your position, if you were the vice-president of global security and this was a fact pattern presented to you, wouldn't you have investigated further?

Q. So Mr. Gillies, I'd like to hand you an exhibit that is 43. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-043 marked for identification.]

Q. For the record, it was produced to us in native format, but the Bates number is MNK-Tl 2360550, and this is a PowerPoint. So Mr. Gillies, I've handed you a PowerPoint entitled collaborating against diversion and abuse, a manufacturer's perspective. And it's dated July 9th, 2014. Do you see that, sir?

Q. Are you familiar with this PowerPoint?

Q. And then if you turn to Page 24, sir. It says direct assistance to law enforcement? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562300

Q. And I think the second arrow is John Gillies, director of global security. So that's a reference to you, sir, isn't it?

Q. So I'd like to direct your attention to Page 21 of this PowerPoint. Well, actually, it's -- okay. And do you see the first arrow? It says Florida is no longer the epicenter?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. And I believe previously you referenced Florida's lax business practices and the fact that those loopholes were plugged; is that correct?

Q. And I believe you previously testified that that had a positive effect on the diversion situation in Florida? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562301

Q. And so Florida is no longer the epicenter. The next bullet point is trends become even more important. Do you know what that is a reference to?

Q. The third bullet point is recent DEA distributor conference, Tennessee, Kentucky, Texas, California, Ohio, and Missouri. Do you see that?

Q. Now, with respect to Florida no longer being an epicenter because it has, I guess, modified or fixed its lax business practices -- one of the consequences of that is that activity is going to shift elsewhere; isn't that correct, sir?

Q. And the places that it could shift to would be Tennessee, Kentucky, Texas, California, Ohio, and Missouri; correct?

Q. Well, what do you understand the reference to those states to be?

Q. Well, my apologies. What were you thinking?

Q. Do you recall going to any conferences in those states?

Q. Now, for the states listed, are you aware of concerns with respect to diversion of opioid products in those states?

Q. Which ones?

Q. What about Ohio?

Q. What about Missouri?

Q. Now, when you say no, are you indicating that diversion wasn't a problem or you're just not aware if diversion was a problem?

Q. Now, the next bullet point is we look at IMS data to create heat maps. Do you understand what that is in reference to?

Q. What is it?

Q. And what would be the significance of that to Mallinckrodt? Well, strike that. What would be the significance of high concentrations of certain products in certain areas?

Q. And so is it fair to say that these heat maps would -- well, strike that. Is it fair to say that these heat maps potentially identified areas of increased diversion activity? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562304

Q. And then if you turn to Page 22. This -- I believe this is a heat map, is it not?

Q. And it's a heat map that's based on oxycodone IR 30 milligrams; is that correct?

Q. Why create a heat map of that product?

Q. Now, when you say identified to us by the DEA, what do you mean by that?

Q. And I take it the red areas are I guess the hotter parts of the heat map? Is that the idea?

Q. And then can you turn to Page 23? This is hydrocodone combos, 10-milligram tablets per capita. What is -- why create a heat map for hydrocodone https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562305 combos? Or strike that. Why create a heat map of hydrocodone combos of 10 milligrams?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt direct or -- well, strike that. Did Mallinckrodt pay particular attention to the oxy 30 product with respect to its anti-diversion efforts?

Q. Did it pay particular attention to the hydrocodone combos 10-milligram product?

Q. Were there other products that Mallinckrodt was focused on with respect to anti-diversion efforts?

Q. Okay. You can put that aside. Okay. So this is Gillies Exhibit 44. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-044 marked for identification.]

Q. This is an e-mail chain. It bears a Bates Number MNK-Tl 5650749. And sir, I'm going to start my questioning with the very bottom e-mail on the back page.

Q. Sir, who is Derek Siegle?

Q. And what is Ohio HIDTA?

Q. And when you say high-intensity drug trafficking group, what do you mean by that?

Q. And some of these concerns would relate to prescription opioids, would they not?

Q. Now, not every state is an HIDTA, is it?

Q. And within each state, there's a focus on particular counties, is there not?

Q. So why were you reaching out to Mr. -- well, why were you reaching out to the Ohio HIDTA?

Q. Did you -- did Mallinckrodt work with the Ohio HIDTA?

Q. Do you know what the factors are for designating an HIDTA?

Q. Well, so HIDTA stands for high-intensity drug trafficking area; correct?

Q. And this would in the context of plaids suggest an increased concern with diversion, would it not?

Q. Well, no, not the e-mail.

Q. I'm just saying the concept of the HIDTA, so sort of taking a step back from this e-mail.

Q. The HIDTA stands for a high-intensity drug trafficking area; correct?

Q. And in the context of opioids, that would indicate an increased concern with diversion, would it not?

Q. Well, but you are asking for an HIDTA guest speaker in connection with your anti-diversion activities; right?

Q. So clearly HIDTA addresses prescription opioid abuse?

Q. And isn't it fair to say that the fact that Ohio has been designated as a HIDTA suggests an increased concern with prescription opioids?

Q. Well, would you --

Q. Well, would you agree that Ohio does have https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562310

Q. And that prescription opioids are being diverted in Ohio, are they not?

Q. Are prescription opioids being abused in Ohio?

Q. So you can put that aside.

Q. So this is Exhibit 45. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-045 marked for identification.]

Q. So this is an e-mail chain and it has Bates numbers MNK-Tl 7898862. And I'd like to focus your attention on the e-mails on the first page.

Q. So in the middle of the page there's an https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562311 e-mail from Julie Milford to Jacob Longenecker CCing Jennifer Buist and Jennifer Terp. Who is Julie Milford?

Q. And what was her -- what analysis did she carry out?

Q. And in the e-mail above that Jennifer sends an e-mail to you saying these heat maps are oxycodone-specific. Do you see that?

Q. Did you regularly receive these heat maps?

Q. Well, did you receive heat maps for oxycodone?

Q. Do you know if these heat maps were shared https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562312 with other members of the SOM team?

Q. And what did Mallinckrodt do with this analysis?

Q. And so I'd like to direct your attention to the PowerPoint that's an attachment to this cover e-mail. It was produced to us in native format, though, but the Bates number is MNK-11 7898864. So the -- I guess the second slide says MNK geographical patterns are similar to the rest of the market.

Q. Do you understand what that means?

Q. And what is the significance of that finding or that pattern?

Q. Well, so let me rephrase that question.

Q. Why would one care that -- or why would Mallinckrodt care that the geographical patterns -- that its geographical patterns -- I assume we're talking about distribution patterns. Why would Mallinckrodt care that its geographical distribution patterns were similar to the rest of the market?

Q. So the second one is there is a concentration of volume in the Pacific northwest, and I believe that's a reference to five milligrams oxycodone. Is that correct?

Q. And what is the significance of that pattern or that finding?

Q. And so if Mallinckrodt's distribution pattern were to differ from other manufacturers, would that be significant?

Q. Now, you said that you would pull chargeback data based on these heat maps. Is that accurate?

Q. So I mean, I guess would you -- would this tell you to pull chargeback data for five milligram oxy from the Pacific northwest? Or I'm just trying to understand how these heat maps were used.

Q. And the next slide is -- it says 10-milligram patterns are similar to other strengths, https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562315 though for Mallinckrodt -- I guess Mallinckrodt doesn't make a 10-milligram product. Is that why the map is blank?

Q. But it would seem that Mallinckrodt did not make much of it, given this heat map, so --

Q. Didn't sell much of it?

Q. But it's got the 10 milligrams for other manufacturers and it says 10-milligram patterns are similar to other strengths. Do you know what the significance of that finding is?

Q. Now, why would Mallinckrodt care if it https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562316 wasn't selling much of the 10 milligrams?

Q. And what would -- well, I guess what I'm confused about is -- so you're looking at all of the different products --

Q. -- including ones that Mallinckrodt may not sell very much of. What -- how does that information relate to diversion? Why did you care about this as the director or vice-president of global security?

Q. And so for the next slide there's a concentration of 15-milligram tablets along east coast and parts of the west coast. So do you see that?

Q. And so the way this would have been used would have been to run chargeback data for the areas of concentration on the east coast and the west coast?

Q. And so if there were pocket areas in Ohio, that would have also been -- I mean, that would have also been a focus of chargeback data?

Q. Now, the next slide is KVK manufactures a large majority of 20-milligram tablets, which are scattered across the nation in a similar pattern to other strengths. Do you know what KVK is?

Q. And why was Mallinckrodt focused on KVK?

Q. Now, the next, I guess, section is -- it's

Q. And what is that difference?

Q. And is this -- when you say looking at populations, is this the number of individuals consuming oxycodone? Is that what you mean by per capita, or --

Q. And so what would this per capita heat map tell you that a volume heat map wouldn't?

Q. And how would Mallinckrodt have used this data that it gathered from the per capita e-mails?

Q. And similar to the volume, would this have been a way to focus a chargeback analysis?

Q. Now, if you turn to -- I believe it's the third slide in for the per capita heat maps. It says the 10-milligram tablet has normal dispensing patterns compared to other strengths. Do you see that slide?

Q. Do you know what is meant by normal dispensing patterns?

Q. And so you don't know what an abnormal dispensing pattern would be?

Q. Okay. So Mr. Gillies, I'm going to hand you a -- I'm going to hand you Exhibit 46. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-046 marked for identification.]

Q. As I indicated, this is a document that was produced to us in native format by Mallinckrodt. When we take a break, I will provide the Bates number for it, and I believe it's also been used as an exhibit in other depositions.

Q. And it's actually -- the PowerPoint has two sections. I'm going to focus your attention on the section entitled national use of opioids heat maps of units through cash transactions. That starts on Page 7.

Q. Now, this is another PowerPoint or another presentation that was another analysis that was prepared by Julie Milford. Mr. Gillies, are you familiar with this https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562321 PowerPoint?

Q. You don't recall ever seeing it before?

Q. Were you aware that she did an analysis on heat maps of units through cash transactions?

Q. But you don't recall ever seeing this presentation?

Q. Do you recall seeing a similar presentation on this data?

Q. Now, if you turn to Page 8, it says methodology. It says -- the first bullet point is combined all IMS Xponent Plantrak cash prescriptions in the last two years by prescribing the physician's three-digit ZIP code. Do you understand what that is a reference https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562322 to, sir?

Q. Now, underneath it there's a bullet point that says product basket included therapies and strengths known to be highly abused, as well as Exalgo. Do you know how this list was created?

Q. And when it says highly abused, do you know how that determination was made?

Q. Would you agree that the products listed underneath this bullet point are highly abused?

Q. And for -- well, which ones are you aware of?

Q. Are there any other products that you knew to be highly abused that were not included on this -- that are not included on this list? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562323

Q. So you weren't familiar with oxycodone 15 as being a highly-abused product?

Q. And other than -- so other than the 10/325 hydro/APP and the 30-milligram oxycodone, you weren't aware that any of these other products were highly abused?

Q. Now, why focus on cash transactions?

Q. And that would be an indication of https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562324 diversion?

Q. And so do you see Page 10 of the PowerPoint?

Q. It says four critical danger spots, three of which are in Kentucky near the West Virginia border. Do you see that?

Q. Did you have an understanding of -- did you have an understanding that Kentucky and West Virginia were at an increased risk of diversion?

Q. At any time?

Q. And what time periods are you referring to or what time periods are you aware of?

Q. So Kentucky would have been the two thousand -- around 2012?

Q. Now, if you turn to the next page, it's Page 11. It says two danger zones in Kentucky, just for this one product in two strengths alone. Hotspots near Las Vegas, in Texas, Alaska, and Alabama. Do you see that?

Q. Were you aware of -- were you aware of diversion concerns or abuse concerns in Texas, Alaska, or Alabama?

Q. Then it says none in Florida, but it says California, Texas, Idaho, Oklahoma, and I believe Mississippi also have a large portion of warm spots. So I think you just answered regarding Texas. What https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562326 about California, Idaho, Oklahoma, or Mississippi?

Q. And so when you say high-concentration areas, what are you referring to?

Q. Did you do anything to investigate those pockets in California?

Q. So turning to Page 12. It says many warm and hotspots in Florida, but limited across the rest of the country. Shows geographical differences in potential abuse patterns. Do you know what that means?

Q. And I notice it says one can also follow the Oxy Express, Highway 75, and see all the cool spots https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562327 that pop up along the highway known to be used by drug-seekers traveling for pills, according to the DEA. Are you familiar with the term Oxy Express?

Q. And what is the Oxy Express?

Q. And the Oxy Express connects all of those states -- I mean, it starts in Florida and it goes up, does it not?

Q. So turning to Page 15. And it says Kentucky critical spot facts. Over 23 million tablets were prescribed since March 2010 -- and my apologies. I'm reading from the PowerPoint. Over 23 million tablets were prescribed since March 2010 in an area with a total population of 3.1 million. Total supply of dispensed tablets is enough to give every person in the population almost eight tablets. Were you aware of that information?

Q. 31 percent of all tablets were paid with https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562328 cash. Were you aware of that information?

Q. The top critical zone in the country had 33 percent of all cash tablets prescribed by one physician. Were you aware of that?

Q. In general, the prescribing habits of many physicians in the area most likely attract out-of-county drug-seekers. So assuming the above bullet points are accurate, would you agree with that conclusion?

Q. Do you mean the --

Q. The source?

Q. Oh, okay. So I'm reading it into the record. It's source IMS Xponent Plantrak, and then it gives a website.

Q. I think the website is to the reference of the physician getting busted.

Q. Yeah. So my question is, given this data that you've got 23 million tablets being prescribed in

Q. Well --

Q. And we had -- you had previously talked about -- so this PowerPoint, I believe, is -- so I'm trying to see if there's a date on it. It's certainly going to be after 2012, given the data. You had previously indicated that, as Florida cracked down on its business practices, the, I guess, epicenter or these -- the focus moved elsewhere. Wouldn't this be an example of that?

Q. But you would agree that this data https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562331 suggests a serious concern with diversion in Kentucky, would it not?

Q. So turning to Slide Seven -- or Page 17. This slide is entitled hotspot and critical spot trends. And the bullet underneath it is, in the nation's hot and critical spots, notable usage shifts recently occurred. Oxycodone HCL tablets decreased in percentage usage, while hydrocodone/APP, Dilaudid, methadone, and oxycodone/APP APAP -- increased. Do you see that?

Q. Do you understand what that is a reference to?

Q. But it would stand to reason that if one drug becomes a focus of regulatory attention, demand and consumption is going to shift to other drugs, would it not?

Q. Okay. Thank you. You can put that aside.

Q. So I'm handing you what's marked as Exhibit 47. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-047 marked for identification.]

Q. This is -- this document bears a Bates number MNK-T1 2359481. Mr. Gillies, do you recognize this document?

Q. What is this document?

Q. And was it your practice to transcribe your meetings?

Q. Did you transcribe all of your meetings, or only certain ones?

Q. And would that have been a general practice, or was it one that you applied only to your https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562333 meetings with DEA?

Q. And so -- well, you've worked at Mallinckrodt for seven years now; is that correct?

Q. So around seven years? So you must have hundreds of these memos; is that fair?

Q. Well, but you wouldn't just transcribe DEA meetings? You would transcribe any important meeting? Is that fair, or did I misunderstand?

Q. Would you also have memorialized reports of conversations with colleagues that contained important information?

Q. So these would have been -- I mean, reports of conversations with people outside of Mallinckrodt?

Q. So the top paragraph -- well, strike that.

Q. So this memorializes or transcribes a meeting you had with DEA Albany; is that correct?

Q. And it's with Susan Baker, Heather White, and Cristina Russo?

Q. And Number 1 is -- well, actually, can you read Number 1 into the record?

Q. And do you recall this conversation?

Q. And so what is the context of this conversation?

Q. And DEA didn't -- at least these DEA employees didn't know where that number came from? Is that the upshot?

Q. And how did DEA convey the average number to you? Was it in a phone conversation, an e-mail?

Q. So you found the presentations containing the numbers on the internet?

Q. Turning to Point 3, the suspicious order monitoring paragraph. Do you recall that part of the conversation?

Q. And then Point 4, legislation.

Q. Can you read that into the record?

Q. And this is moving hydrocodone from II to III? I'm sorry. From III to II?

Q. And that would have triggered additional steps with respect to the manufacture and sale of hydrocodone? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562337

Q. Sorry. Go ahead.

Q. Understood.

Q. And do you have an understanding of why DEA wanted to or why DEA moved hydrocodone from III to II? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562338

Q. Other than this conversation regarding the steps Mallinckrodt was taking in anticipation of moving III to II, did you have any other conversations with DEA regarding the movement of hydrocodone from III to II?

Q. Do you know if anyone else at Mallinckrodt had those conversations?

Q. Do you know what Mallinckrodt's position was in terms of moving hydrocodone from Schedule III to Schedule II?

Q. Now, Para -- or Point 5 references organizational changes, and D -- it says DEA was previously advised of the organizational changes within Mallinckrodt's security, but a few questions remained. What are the organizational changes that are being referenced there?

Q. And it references a few questions remain. What were those questions? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562339

Q. Now, it also says from a corporate standpoint, communications would come from Don Lohman. Do you know Don?

Q. And they noted a significant increase in communications from Don. Why was there a significant increase in communications from Don?

Q. And was that Don's responsibility to do that?

Q. So -- well, strike that. So was there a reason that you were having increasing communications coming from Don as opposed to increasing communications https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562340 coming from Rich or Eileen? Why have Don be the communicator as opposed to the established POCs, which are Rich and Eileen?

Q. Well, were there any concerns with the communications from Rich and Eileen to the DEA?

Q. Were there any concerns with the job that Rich or Eileen -- well, strike that. Let me separate this. Were there any concerns with Rich's performance?

Q. Did you ever have any concerns with Rich's https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562341 performance?

Q. What were those concerns?

Q. And what were the other responsibilities that he was spending his time on? Do you know?

Q. Did you ever have any concerns with Eileen's performance?

Q. Do you know if anyone else ever had any concerns with Eileen's performance?

Q. Okay. So Mr. Gillies, I'm handing you what's marked as Exhibit 48. What -- I'm sorry. Let me -- I'll hand that copy to you and then this copy to your counsel. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-048 marked for identification.]

Q. So this is a prior deposition -- a prior exhibit from another deposition that's Borelli -- it's Exhibit 32 to the Borelli deposition, and the Bates number here is MNK-T1 562387. And I'd like to start with the very e-mail on the back. Okay. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562343 So this is an e-mail from Ms. Heather Goodman to David Irwin, and David Irwin is a Mallinckrodt employee. I believe he was an account manager. And she says, Dave, I spoke with my aunt and the independent pharmacy she chose is Dane Drugs, 6495 East Broad Street, Columbus, Ohio, 43213, and then she's got the phone number for the pharmacy. Her monthly prescription is 1,500 oxycodone 15 milligrams. We have not contacted the pharmacy to let them know this is happening yet. In addition, as soon as we know that this arrangement is set up, Aunt Sandra will call her doctor and have him call in the script for her. Please let us know how you'd like to proceed. Dave, as I said, I can't tell you how much this means to me. You're doing a really good thing here. I've copied my aunt, Sandra Morrow, on this e-mail so she's in the loop. Okay. So do you see that e-mail, sir?

Q. And did I read that accurately?

Q. So to recap, Ms. Goodman is asking Mr. Irwin to send 1,500 oxycodone 15 milligrams -- or 1,500 https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562344 of Mallinckrodt's 15-milligram tablets to this pharmacy in Ohio for her aunt. Then the next e-mail that I'd like to direct your attention to is the one on top of Bates Number 562389. It's from Kate Muhlenkamp to Dave Irwin. Do you see that?

Q. And she says I've spoken with Victor and he thinks he can make this happen -- two cases a month to the below pharmacy. He is working on it and we should have an answer shortly. Thanks, Kate. Did you ever meet -- or I'm sorry. Strike that. I believe you already indicated that you don't know Kate Muhlenkamp.

Q. Do you know Dave Irwin?

Q. What about Victor Borelli?

Q. What about John Adams?

Q. Then there's another e-mail in the middle of the page for -- on Bates Page 562388. The date is April 10th, 2009, 9:58 AM. It's from Dave Irwin to https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562345 Victor Borelli and Kate Muhlenkamp. Do you see that?

Q. And it says I'm sure I'll be talking to Heather Goodman later today so I can clarify this -- [Interruption by the reporter.]

Q. -- but I did the math in my head late yesterday and this equates to 50 tablets per day. Is that even possible? So I think is it -- well, did I read that correctly?

Q. And then the very top e-mail on the first page from Kate to Victor and Dave CCing John Adams says, Vic, thank you for all your work on this. I worked with Sarah and we are shipping to KeySource. The order should ship to them on Monday. Thanks, Kate. Do you see that?

Q. So to recap, you have Heather Goodman, who I believe used to work at Cardinal Health, get in touch with Mallinckrodt and essentially ask for 1,500 oxycodone tablets to be shipped to her aunt to a particular pharmacy in Columbus, Ohio, and https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562346 Mallinckrodt, presumably working through a distributor, arranged to have the pills shipped to this pharmacy in Ohio. Is that a fair --

Q. -- fair summary of this e-mail chain?

Q. So with that correction, is that a fair statement?

Q. And the pills did in fact ship, according to Kate's e-mail?

Q. Is that correct?

Q. Do you have any concerns with this https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562347 transaction?

Q. As the head of -- as the director of security?

Q. Well, do you see anything in this e-mail chain that indicates that Ms. Goodman had any authority to order OxyContin for her aunt?

Q. Well, if this inquiry had come to you, sir, would you have simply shipped the drugs or would you have made further inquiries?

Q. So what is the additional information you need?

Q. Well, if the total number turned out to be 1,500 oxycodone pills --

Q. But you would agree that the 1,500 oxycodone seems like a large amount?

Q. But it's not certainly something you would https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562349 have inquired about; correct?

Q. And this additional information would have included more additional information regarding Aunt Sandra, I take it?

Q. And would you agree that this request without this additional information certainly raises at least the potential that there could be diversion?

Q. But this situation in your view certainly warranted additional inquiry?

Q. And additional inquiry beyond what is captured in this e-mail chain; correct?

Q. So if this is the only information they had, this e-mail chain is it for this order, then shipping this order would have been of concern to you, would it not?

Q. And in the absence of that information, you would have had concerns about shipping this order, sir?

Q. Well, I understand that, but I guess let me rephrase my question. If there was no additional information, if they didn't -- if no additional information was provided beyond what's captured in this e-mail chain, you would have concerns with shipping this order? Isn't that a fair statement?

Q. But they certainly should have had more information than what's in this e-mail chain, sir; correct?

Q. Okay. So this is now Gillies Exhibit 49. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-049 marked for identification.]

Q. And so to provide an explanation for this exhibit, this is -- this was used as a prior exhibit in the Borelli deposition. It's Exhibit 11. This is a -- essentially a snapshot of chargeback data that Mallinckrodt has produced to us and that we have used to isolate and focus on a specific distributor and a specific end user. I guess to start with, when I use the term end user, do you know what that means?

Q. Okay. So Mallinckrodt has a customer -- let's say a distributor -- and the distributor's customer is the customer's customer. Is that terminology you're familiar with?

Q. Yes. Exactly.

Q. And another way to I think describe or refer to a customer's customer could be an end user.

Q. Is that a term you've ever heard?

Q. What about --

Q. What about indirect customer? Is that a term that you're familiar with? Well, strike that. Let me ask this. How do you refer to your customers' customers?

Q. Downstream registrant? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562353

Q. Okay. I will try to use that.

Q. So this is a snap sheet -- a snapshot of a distributor and a downstream registrant that's receiving Mallinckrodt products. And so you can see from the product description on the second page that this product is oxycodone. So do you see that under the column product description?

Q. It's oxycodone, it's oxy 15 and oxy 30s?

Q. Then the downstream registrant is Barry Schultz. Do you see that?

Q. And then it's being sold via First Veterinary Supply or the Harvard Drug Group doing business as First Veterinary Supply. Do you see that?

Q. Are you familiar with Dr. Schultz?

Q. This deposition?

Q. But you are aware that Mr. Schultz is serving a lengthy prison sentence?

Q. Are you aware of the Harvard Drug Group -- Harvard Drug Company?

Q. And so you're aware that they are a distributor that had its license revoked?

Q. So the Harvard Drug Group is doing business as the First Veterinary Supply Company and you have a doctor that is getting oxycodone from the First Veterinary Supply Company. Can you think of any reason for a medical doctor to be getting oxy from a vet supply company?

Q. Well, it's doing business as First https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562355 Veterinary Supply Company, so it is -- it's a vet supply company.

Q. Well, I'm not sure. What do you mean by other aspects of business?

Q. Well, isn't it a red flag that you got a doctor that's getting oxycodone from a vet supply company?

Q. Well, does the DEA give -- well, vets have the ability to prescribe opioid products; correct?

Q. And they're also subject to regulation because they're prescribing opioid products?

Q. And vet supply companies -- well -- strike that. Vet supply companies would have a legitimate business purpose in supplying a vet with opioids for use in that vet's practice, would they not?

Q. Are the registrations given to veterinary https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562357 supply companies different than the registrations given to distributors that distribute to MDs?

Q. Well, and what additional information would you need specifically?

Q. And do you know if the registration given to vets differs from the registration given to doctors? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562358

Q. Do you know if the registration given to veterinary supply companies differs from the registration given to pharmacies providing human drugs?

Q. Well, but the fact that you are shipping product to someone that has a DEA registration isn't sufficient to comply with your requirements under the Controlled Substances Act, is it, sir?

Q. So the only thing you need to worry about is whether or not the person you're shipping to has a DEA registration? So long as they have a DEA registration, nothing else matters? Is that --

Q. Do you know if vets prescribe oxy?

Q. And what is that based on, sir?

Q. If it turns out that oxycodone is not prescribed by vets --

Q. -- because it's a human drug, would that cause concerns?

Q. Well, in this instance or as a general matter.

Q. Well, the general question is, you have a medical doctor that is ordering oxycodone from a veterinary supply company. Doesn't that raise concerns for you?

Q. Well, this is all information you would have sought from Harvard Drug before continuing to ship them product; correct?

Q. And if Mallinckrodt didn't go out and get this additional information, you would agree that's a problem, isn't it, sir?

Q. Well, but, sir, my question to you is, you've indicated that these are all circumstances in which you would have gone out and gathered additional information.

Q. Based on my line of questioning. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562362

Q. I understand that.

Q. And what I'm saying to you is if Mallinckrodt in fact does not have that information, if they did not go out to gather it, isn't that a cause of concern?

Q. So actually, keep that -- keep this exhibit up.

Q. So -- so this is Exhibit 50. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-050 https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562363 marked for identification.]

Q. And I'll put it up on the --

Q. Put it up on the screen. This is essentially the same -- a similar spreadsheet to what I just showed you. My apologies that this one has small paper and the other one had bigger one.

Q. And so -- now, the thing I wanted to flag about this spreadsheet -- and let me first get it into the record. So this is previously used in another deposition. It's Exhibit 10 to the Borelli deposition and it's an excerpt of the chargeback data focusing on distributor and downstream registrant -- the same downstream registrant which would be Mr. Schultz. So do you see the ship-to customer name?

Q. So the downstream registrant is Dr. Schultz again. Do you see the product description, which is oxy 15 and oxy 30? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562364

Q. And then this time the distributor is Sunrise Wholesale. Do you see that?

Q. So this one is Exhibit 50. The other one was Exhibit 49. They indicate that Dr. Schultz is going out and gathering oxy 15 and oxy 30 from two different distributors. Is it of concern to you when a downstream registrant is gathering product from multiple distributors?

Q. And why would you look at that?

Q. And part of the reason you'd want to do further research is that this could be a potential https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562365 effort to get around screens on or -- well, to get around the potential limits on product; isn't it true?

Q. Isn't that one possibility?

Q. So I need to put a Bates number in the record. It's for Exhibit 46, and the Bates number here https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562366 is MNK-Tl 2694677. And actually, I do have two follow-up questions on this. So Mr. Gillies, I believe you testified that you were aware of this analysis, but you had never seen this PowerPoint or received this data. Is that accurate?

Q. So you're familiar with the cash transaction heat maps?

Q. And the data, though, that's being captured in the slide -- for example, the data relating to Kentucky, the data relating to the critical spots -- were you -- had you been provided with that data?

Q. And when you say from other things, https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562367 though, was this from Mallinckrodt, or was this from either other employment or other context?

Q. So in -- when you say other things from Mallinckrodt, what do you mean by that?

Q. And when you say you had not seen these slides, I take it that you hadn't seen slides similar to these, either?

Q. So it's -- in other words, I'm trying to understand whether it's you haven't seen this particular version but you might have seen another version or you haven't seen this document or a -- one similar to it at all?

Q. Okay. Thank you.

Q. Understood.

Q. So do you know why this presentation was prepared?

Q. Wouldn't you have expected to receive this presentation or one similar to it given the relevance and importance to the anti-diversion activities?

Q. So I'd like to mark this as Exhibit -- so this is going to be Exhibit 51. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-051 marked for identification.]

Q. So this is a prior exhibit that was used in the deposition of Bill Ratliff as Exhibit Number 30. There's a Bates Number MNK-11 290601. And this is an e-mail chain, and I'd like to direct your -- I'm going to start from the very end e-mail on Page 290603. So to provide some context, this is Sunrise Wholesale, who I believe we've referenced previously, and they are -- at this time they are interested in becoming a new account for Mallinckrodt. And so the account manager is Mr. Victor Borelli, and he sends an e-mail to Brenda Rehkop and essentially asking her or asking to -- indicating that this is going to be a new account. And Brenda responds, Sunrise has sent in three 222 forms. Do you see that e-mail? It's at the top of https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562370

Q. The second e-mail.

Q. Yes. Okay. So could you please read that e-mail into the record? It's relatively short.

Q. And then turning to the bottom e-mail on the first page, it's an e-mail from Rhonda Hart to Brenda Rehkop, Victor Borelli, and Connie Gregory. Do you see that?

Q. And this e-mail says that their credit limit is $35,000. If the order is $195,000, it will need approval from upper management before it can be released. I do not see the order out on credit hold as of yet. It will go through the approval process once it hits credit hold. If you need anything else, please let me know. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So what we have here is Sunrise is a new account and their initial order is for 2,520 bottles of oxy 30. And one of the -- one -- well, Brenda Rehkop has a question as to whether they really need that volume of oxy, and Rhonda is noting that, I think because of the size of the company and the fact that it's a new customer, their credit limit is $35,000 and the order is $195,000. Is that an accurate description of these e-mails thus far?

Q. Then the e-mail above that is from Brenda Rehkop to Rhonda Hart, Victor Borelli, Connie Gregory, CCing Susan Marlatt and Cathy Stewart? And do you know who Rhonda Hart is?

Q. Do you know Connie Gregory?

Q. What about Brenda Rehkop?

Q. Susan Marlatt?

Q. Cathy Stewart?

Q. But you never worked with Cathy?

Q. So the e-mail from Brenda is, I have is order on H3 hold and it will not be released until Bill Ratliff, director of security/DEA, has approved. At that time I will notify Connie and Rhonda in credit. Do you know what an H3 hold is?

Q. Do you know who Bill Ratliff is?

Q. Who is he?

Q. Have you ever spoken to him?

Q. So Cathy Stewart then writes an e-mail above, to further muddy the waters, see Rhonda Hart's comment below. And then Bill writes at the top -- his e-mail is to Karen Harper, who you work with; correct?

Q. Says, Karen, seems to be a lot of product for the first order, especially in light of new customer status and credit limit. Do you know if they completed the D & B? My understanding is that -- well, D & B is

Q. What would the Dun & Bradstreet report tell you about this new customer? Why run a Dun & Bradstreet report?

Q. And the credit report simply tells you about the creditworthiness of the business, does it not?

Q. So what relevance or what importance does that have with respect to concerns about the size of the order or the risk of diversion?

Q. But it's fair to say that as -- based on this e-mail chain, there are concerns being expressed by both Mr. Ratliff and Ms. Rehkop regarding the size of the order; is that fair?

Q. So I'd now like to hand you Gillies Exhibit 52. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562375 [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-052 marked for identification.]

Q. This is another exhibit from the Ratliff deposition. It's Ratliff Exhibit 31. And this is another e-mail chain, some of which I think was captured in the previous e-mail chain, but I wanted to note for you the very top e-mail from Karen Harper to Bill Ratliff. Do you see that?

Q. On Page 1?

Q. Okay. So Karen writes to Bill, I have placed a call to Sue Marlatt, a credit manager who is also working on our suspicious order monitoring team, to ask her for a better interpretation of the Dun & Bradstreet and gave her my cell number. Rhonda has been dealing with this account and reports to Sue. Rhonda indicated that their D & B results show an extremely small company. Sunrise has a two-screen informational webpage and a contact-us e-mail screen. E-mail address is @yahoo.com, so it doesn't look like a very big company there either. Webpage says established in 2003, so that would be five years ago. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562376 So does this information tell you -- well, does this information alleviate any concerns that one might have regarding the size of their initial order?

Q. But you would agree that the information that has come into Mallinckrodt thus far -- well, strike that. So the current situation, though, is that you have a new customer, Sunrise, that is increase -- that is ordering what has been indicated or identified as a large order. This company has -- is an extremely small company with a two-screen informational webpage and a yahoo.com e-mail address. Is that fair?

Q. So I'd like to provide you with Gillies Exhibit 53. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-053 marked for identification.]

Q. This is another Ratliff exhibit. This is Ratliff Exhibit 32 and it bears a Bates number https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562377 MNK-Tl 290580. So this e-mail chain indicates the results of the Dun & Bradstreet report. And then do you see the e-mail from Mr. Ratliff to Karen Harper in the middle of the page?

Q. The middle of the very first page.

Q. 290580.

Q. He says, this should be your decision based on the credit checks. If they are qualified, Karen and I don't need to make the decision. This will become easier as we go. Have a good weekend. And Cathy's e-mail above that is, I interpret Bill's response as we have to wait for Karen to authorize. And this is Bill's response at the top. Sorry for not being more clear. This is a new customer that has clear credit references. The salesman has not raised any issues of substance; therefore, this should be approved in the normal course of business, not by Karen or me. If I have missed something please let me know. Do you see that? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562378

Q. So based on these three e-mails, you have

Q. And the additional information that you would have wanted to see gathered -- well, strike that. What is the additional information that you think would have been helpful for you in terms of evaluating this decision?

Q. Do you think it would have been important to understand who Sunrise's customers were?

Q. Well, but, sir, if Sunrise is primarily supplying oxy to pain clinics, would that be relevant information?

Q. If the primary product or if the only product Sunrise is ordering from Mallinckrodt is oxy, wouldn't that be relevant information?

Q. Well -- I'm sorry. Go ahead.

Q. Well, you -- oh, I'm sorry.

Q. But you would --

Q. But you would expect them to gather additional information than what's in this -- the record of these three e-mails; is that fair?

Q. And so for the top e-mail where Bill Ratliff says, sorry for not being more clear, this is a new customer that has clear credit references, and the salesman has not raised any issues of substance; therefore, this should be approved in the normal course of business, not by Karen or me. If the only thing he is going on, given https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562382 the size of the order and the nature of the order, is that it's -- there are clear credit references and the salesman hasn't raised any issues of substance, that would not be adequate due diligence in your view?

Q. Well, they were clearly comfortable because they released the order, but with respect to the additional due diligence, the state of the record is they may have done more due diligence or they may or may not have; is that fair?

Q. Now, Bill's e-mail says the salesman has https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562383 not raised any issues of substance. In your opinion, is it appropriate to rely on the salesmen to determine whether or not an order is appropriate to ship?

Q. But that feedback -- well, strike that. The fact that the salesman is comfortable shipping the order doesn't end the inquiry, though; correct? It is -- that's not an adequate basis -- namely, the salesman thinks it's okay, so we're going to ship? You still need to conduct your due diligence or compliance to satisfy itself that this order is appropriate; is that correct?

Q. And if they elected not to conduct that other due diligence because they were just going to rely on the salesman, that would be improper?

Q. Well, but if all he's going on is a clear credit reference and the salesman hasn't raised any issues of substance, that doesn't -- that wouldn't provide all of the additional information that is needed to make a thorough evaluation decision; is that fair?

Q. There is additional information that may or may not have been gathered because the record is unclear on that, but there is additional information that you at least would have wanted in making this decision?

Q. So this is now going to be Gillies Exhibit 54. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-054 marked for identification.]

Q. Well, so I'm just --

Q. My question relates to the very top e-mail from Cathy Stewart to Mr. Ratliff and Ms. Harper that says, FYI, the customer service reps all state -- [Interruption by the reporter.]

Q. FYI, the customer service reps all state that Victor will tell them anything they want to hear just so he can get the sale. Do you see that? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562386

Q. And Victor is the account manager for this Sunrise account. Do you understand that?

Q. Well, have you -- I'm sorry.

Q. If you look at the back page of this document --

Q. -- the very last e-mail.

Q. This is the e-mail from Victor Borelli to Brenda.

Q. So he's the account manager for this new account.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Victor Borelli is a national account manager, so he is one of the people that will be -- that will be the interface between Mallinckrodt and the customers -- in this case, Sunrise Wholesale.

Q. And the very top e-mail is a reference to Victor.

Q. And Cathy Stewart, who is in the customer -- I believe in the customer service department -- is telling Bill and Karen, FYI, the customer service reps all state that Victor, who is the national account manager for Sunrise, will tell them anything they want to hear just so he can get the sale?

Q. So you have the national account manager and one of the people presumably that Mr. Ratliff and Mr. Harper are relying on and they're being told that he will say anything he wants just to get the sale. In light of that, don't you feel -- I mean, shouldn't some additional due diligence have been done into this customer given the concerns raised about Victor?

Q. And would you agree that it is a cause for concern when you have a national account manager that is willing to say anything just so he can get the sale of a controlled substance?

Q. Well, but I mean, isn't this e-mail https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562389 indicating that Victor's information is not necessarily reliable and he's going to say what he needs to say so he can get the sale through, and in this case the sale is oxy 30?

Q. And what are those questions?

Q. But you would not have just ignored the e-mail, would you?

Q. So this is Gillies Exhibit 55. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-055 marked for identification.]

Q. And why don't you take a minute to review the e-mail, sir? It's not that long.

Q. I'm happy to put it on the overhead if that's --

Q. So this is an e-mail and it's dated November 14th, 2008, so it is, I think, seven months after the previous e-mails that we saw relating to Sunrise. This is an e-mail regarding Sunrise and it's indicating that, beginning in January, Sunrise is going to increase its monthly sale or its monthly demand for oxy 30 from 2,500 or 2,520 bottles to 12,000 bottles and is going to add to that 3,000 bottles of oxy 15. Do you see that?

Q. Sure. Well, if you look at Exhibit -- I believe it's --

Q. It's not in this e-mail?

Q. The prior exhibits we looked at.

Q. Fair enough.

Q. Sure. So do you recall that the prior exhibits that you reviewed, the initial order from Sunrise was 2,520 bottles of oxy 30? Do you recall that?

Q. So in this new e-mail and those prior e-mails were all from May of -- June of 2008. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562392

Q. This new e-mail, which is from November of 2008, indicates that in January of 2009, Sunrise's orders are going to increase from 2,520 bottles to 12,000 bottles and then from -- and they're going to add 3,000 bottles of oxy 15. Do you see that?

Q. So these are significant increases in their ordering or their --

Q. Well, strike that. You would agree that these are significant increases in their orders?

Q. Fair enough.

Q. So -- sure. So it starts at 2,520, in January it's going to be 12,000, but you don't know the rate of increase, so --

Q. But nevertheless, the volume that they are now ordering in January of 12,000 bottles of oxy 30 is

Q. Well, but to increase from 2,520 to 12,000 over the course of nine months -- I mean, I understand that you don't know what the rate of increase was and https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562394 whether it was a smooth increase or whether it was a -- there were ups and downs, but nevertheless, when you look at the two end points and the time period, that is still a significant increase, is it not?

Q. And to be clear, the person telling them this is Victor Borelli, who was the subject of the prior e-mail raising issues at least from Cathy Stewart as to whether he was willing language to say anything to get a sale?

Q. Do you recall that?

Q. But you would have taken additional steps -- or strike that. You would have gathered additional information regarding this increase; correct?

Q. And you would have attempted to verify some of the information in Mr. Borelli's e-mail, would you not?

Q. So this is now going to be Gillies Exhibit 56. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-056 https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562396 marked for identification.]

Q. So this is another prior exhibit. It's Mallinckrodt Ratliff Number 35. Bates number is MNK-11 307203. And I'd like to direct your attention to the second-to-last page, which is 307206.

Q. Oh, no. Just -- I mean -- why don't you review the e-mails to familiarize yourself with the content?

Q. Well, why don't you also review the page in front of it? So 307205.

Q. So the very initial e-mail on page Bates Number 307207 is an e-mail from Pete Kleissle to Bill Ratliff and Karen Harper. Based on your work at Mallinckrodt, do you know who Pete Kleissle is?

Q. And do you meet or talk to Mr. Kleissle in your current position?

Q. Have you ever communicated with him on https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562397 behalf of Mallinckrodt?

Q. So his -- I want to direct your attention to the e-mail in the middle of the page on 307206.

Q. And can you read that e-mail into the record? It starts with the DEA diversion group.

Q. While working at Mallinckrodt, have you ever received a call from the DEA telling you to audit

Q. So this is a fairly unusual occurrence, is it not?

Q. And your time, I mean, spans seven years? It's from 2012 to 2019; correct, sir?

Q. And I take it had you received a call like that, that would be a cause of concern, would it not?

Q. And that audit would have been a relatively thorough one; correct?

Q. Well, strike that. That audit would have been a thorough one; correct?

Q. Then if you turn -- then turn to the next page of 307205. Do you see the middle e-mail from Karen Harper to Bill Ratliff?

Q. And the subject of that is Pete Kleissle oxy investigation. Do you see that?

Q. Could you read into the record Karen's e-mail? It's not very long.

Q. Do you know what she means when she says that the audit will be at a high security and com -- will be at a fairly high security and compliance level?

Q. Do you know what type -- well, do you know what types of audits Mallinckrodt conducted of its https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562400 customers during this time period?

Q. Would you agree that it is concerning that physicians and pain clinics are receiving Mallinckrodt products through Sunrise in its distributor capacity?

Q. Well, as part of the audit of Sunrise, would you have inquired into who Sunrise's customers were, given the call you just received from the DEA?

Q. Well, I --

Q. Let me rephrase the question, then.

Q. As part of the audit -- well, strike that. I understand from this e-mail that it appears that they have some information about Sunrise's customers, which are physicians and pain clinics, or some of them are physicians and pain clinics. My question is, as part of this audit, wouldn't you have wanted to know and wouldn't you have wanted to gather information regarding how Sunrise was vetting its customers and what Sunrise was doing to ensure that these physicians and pain clinics were legitimate -- essentially legitimate parts of the supply chain as opposed to being pill mills?

Q. So this is Gillies Exhibit 57. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-057 marked for identification.]

Q. So this is a cover e-mail and an attachment. So this is a cover e-mail that's from a prior deposition. It's Mr. Ratliff's deposition. It's Exhibit 38. The Bates number is MNK-Tl 290041, and it's an e-mail and an attachment. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562402 The -- well, do you know what this document is, sir?

Q. The cover e-mail indicates that this is -- or the subject matter -- or the subject line indicates that this is a Sunrise chargeback summary. Do you see that, sir?

Q. And then if you look at the attachment, it appears to be a list of -- I think you --

Q. Oh, yeah. Sorry. Sorry.

Q. Understood. So why don't we go -- let's see. Hold on. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So these are -- I believe you refer to them as indirect registrants. Is that fair?

Q. I'm sorry. Downstream registrants.

Q. Okay. And then do you see the number of https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562403 orders?

Q. And do you see the total quantity in equivalent API?

Q. And do you know what that -- what is API?

Q. Is it active pharmaceutical --

Q. And so that is -- I take it that is a common measure in terms of volume of product?

Q. And then if you look at Ms. Stewart's cover e-mail, do you see the bottom paragraph?

Q. So the lowest quantity ordered in milligrams of oxy is 5,400 and the highest is equivalent to 12.6 kilograms of oxy. Okay. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562404 And then do you see the very top e-mail? It says here's the other file. The doctor in question is in Column CX.

Q. I'm sorry. The very top e-mail.

Q. So when you turn to Column CX -- I'll put this up. So for the record, the blue markings are mine.

Q. But the highlighting is in the document.

Q. Okay? So do you see the highlighting at CX? And that's Dr. Schultz.

Q. Do you recall Mr. Schultz from our previous discussions?

Q. And he's currently in prison; correct?

Q. That's your understanding? And his volume is 612,000 API. Do you see that?

Q. Sure. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562405

Q. But if you turn back to the very beginning -- flip back to that. The beginning of the spreadsheet. You can see the --

Q. -- total quantity in API.

Q. So as part of your audit, one of the individuals that they were focusing on or that you would have focused on would have been Dr. Schultz? Is that accurate?

Q. Now, do you see Column DB that I've circled?

Q. Do you see the volume for Dr. Smith?

Q. So that's going to be 3,974,000 API. Do you see that?

Q. Isn't that someone else you would have focused on due to his volume?

Q. And do you see Column CS?

Q. And that's Dr. Rodriguez -- I'm going to -- I apologize for the mispronunciation.

Q. Iznaga?

Q. And do you see that volume?

Q. It's 8,487,000.

Q. Would you have focused or would you have asked questions about that doctor?

Q. And CT one -- or Column -- I'm sorry -- Column CT is Dr. Rabinsky. He's at 2.6 million. Would you have asked questions about him?

Q. One over, Column CU is Dr. Rincon. He's at 3.6 million. Would you have asked questions about Dr. Rincon?

Q. Dr. Shook, who is right next to Dr. Schultz, Column CW, is at 12.59 million. Would you have asked questions about Dr. Shook?

Q. And what questions would you have asked about Dr. Shook?

Q. And if they weren't willing to share it with you, wouldn't that have raised concerns in terms of supplying Sunrise with product?

Q. Okay. Mr. Gillies, I'd like to hand you https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562409 Exhibit 58. Here we go. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-058 marked for identification.]

Q. So this is a PowerPoint Bates-numbered MNK-Tl 463862, and the title is controlled substances quota and suspicious order monitoring overview. Mr. Gillies, are you familiar with this PowerPoint?

Q. Are you familiar with the quota system and Mallinckrodt's, I guess, application process for that system?

Q. So if you turn to Page 5. If you could review that slide for me.

Q. And is this an accurate description of the current system in place at Mallinckrodt regarding quotas?

Q. And then if you turn the page for the manufacturing quota details. And -- well, actually, I mean, it may speed things up to -- my questions on this PowerPoint relate to Slides 5, 6, 7, 8 -- I mean, up to Page 12. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562410 And the question is, based on your understanding, is this an accurate description and depiction of the quota system?

Q. And so rather -- I mean, I think rather than go through and ask you sort of line-by-line -- to the degree this is not an accurate description of the quota system, could you please identify for me the statements that you believe are inaccurate?

Q. I mean, that's just a DEA org chart in 2011.

Q. So I suspect it may have changed.

Q. Page 12.

Q. So have you had a chance to review those slide on Pages 5 through 12?

Q. So with the exception of Page 9, which is the org chart, did you identify any statements or sections that you believe are inaccurate?

Q. Okay. Sure 9, 11. No problem.

Q. And then if you could turn to Chart thir -- or Slide 13. Directing your attention to the quantity requested, you'll see that oxycodone is the highest quantity requested at 16,400, followed by hydrocodone at 15,700, and then methadone at 9,345. Do you see that, sir?

Q. So oxycodone is the largest quantity requested; is that correct?

Q. And in terms of sort of a trend over time, has that historically been the case, meaning Mallinckrodt's largest request is for oxycodone?

Q. For the time period that you've been with Mallinckrodt, so from 2012 to 2019, has oxycodone been the largest request in terms of the quota?

Q. And so you don't know if the ranking of oxy, hydro, and then methadone has sort of remained at one, two, three or whether it's shifted over time?

Q. So you can put that aside. Okay. This is Gillies 59. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-059 marked for identification.]

Q. So this is a Bates number of MNK-T1 6619631, and my questions relate to the section on supplemental requests, which starts at Bates Number 6619638 and goes through 6619640.

Q. So what is a supplemental quota request, sir?

Q. Well, is it your understanding that it is

Q. And this chart on Pages 6619638 going through 6619640 -- this is essentially just a tally of the number of times that you have submitted a supplemental increase; is that accurate?

Q. And so generally, depending on the product, you will request an increase between one and two or three times; is that fair?

Q. Well, and that was going to be my next question.

Q. Which is, does the -- is the information contained in these charts reflective of Mallinckrodt's historical supplemental quota increase requests, or are they unusual or outliers in terms of the overall pattern?

Q. You can put that aside. So this is Gillies Exhibit 60. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-060 marked for identification.]

Q. Bates number is MNK-11 4813611. You should read as much of this document as you feel you need to, but my questions are going to relate to the last sentence of each paragraph, which discusses the financial impact. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562415

Q. So there is a reference in this document to quota shortages. Do you see that?

Q. What is a quota shortage?

Q. And that shortage has a financial impact on Mallinckrodt; correct?

Q. So the inability or the DEA's decision not to increase Mallinckrodt's quota will cost Mallinckrodt money?

Q. Is that fair?

Q. That's fair.

Q. And the result of that, though, is that it will cost Mallinckrodt money?

Q. And so Mallinckrodt has a financial incentive to seek to increase -- to seek to maximize its quota, does it not?

Q. Now, you indicated that the quota is based on customer demand, or the quota request is based on customer demand. Is that accurate?

Q. Do you know if data from the SOM program is ever used to assess -- well, strike that. Do you know if data from Mallinckrodt's SOM program plays a https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562417 role in the quota requests that Mallinckrodt submits to the DEA?

Q. Oh, one follow-up question. Who is involved in the quota process?

Q. And has she ever asked you for any SOM information for use in the quota process?

Q. So this is Gillies Exhibit 61. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-061 marked for identification.]

Q. It bears a Bates number 6056192, and this document essentially lays out two formulas for use in connection with the quota for hydromorphone, or at least that's my understanding. Mr. Gillies, do you have any knowledge of the formulas that are used by Mallinckrodt to determine how much quota to request?

Q. So in that case, you can put that document aside. So this is Gillies number -- Exhibit 62. https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562418 [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-062 marked for identification.]

Q. This is an e-mail chain from Margaret Keating to Jennifer Buist CCing Karen Harper. I believe we -- I believe you know who Jennifer -- is it "byoost" or "bust"?

Q. "Byoo-ist"?

Q. What was her responsibility at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And my questions relate to the top three e-mails. So the middle one is from Margaret Keating to Jennifer Buist and Karen. Do you know who Margaret Keating is?

Q. She says to -- she writes to Jennifer, thank you very much. I have another question, if you don't mind. Have you seen a trend of hydromorphone being prescribed instead of the oxycodone? Margaret. Jennifer's response is, Margaret, the short answer is no. While we don't track hydromorphone the same way as oxycodone from an S0M perspective, we https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562419 have not seen any increases in trends which would warrant concern. What does she mean by, we don't track hydromorphone in the same way as hydrocodone from an SOM perspective?

Q. Is it your understanding from an SOM perspective that you would track hydromorphone the same way as oxycodone?

Q. So what are the differences?

Q. And what was the reason for tracking hydromorphone differently than the way you would track https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562420 oxycodone? What was the basis for doing so?

Q. So this is Gillies Exhibit 63. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-063 marked for identification.]

Q. So this is an e-mail and attachment. The e-mail chain is from Derek Naten and J. Craig Burton. Do you know who Derek Naten is?

Q. Who is he?

Q. And who is Craig Burton?

Q. Now, if you turn to the attachments starting on Bates Number 8449630. These appear to be notes of meetings with either senators or representatives and their staff. Do you see that?

Q. And you're identified in some but not all of these minutes. Do you see that? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562421

Q. And the meetings that you're involved with appear to occur on September 4th and September 5th. Well, why don't you take a minute to quickly review these notes.

Q. So these are minutes of meetings on September 4th and September 5th. Do you recall these meetings?

Q. What do you recall about them?

Q. And when you say Mallinckrodt's efforts -- efforts in what regard?

Q. And are these what you could characterize as anti-diversion efforts?

Q. Do you know how the senators and -- or do you know how the staff members for the senators and representatives were selected -- well, strike that. Do you know how the offices -- do you know how you selected which offices to meet with?

Q. And what was the purpose of these meetings?

Q. So if you turn to the first page of this document, Bates Number 8449627. The very top e-mail from Craig Burton says okay, attached is what I'm going to send to Meredith and Peter for inoculation discussion. Any other changes you suggest? Do you know who Meredith is?

Q. And who's Peter? Or do you know who Peter is?

Q. And the references to inoculation discussion, what did -- have you ever heard that term before?

Q. Do you know what that means?

Q. If you turn the page to -- this is Bates Number 8449629. So it's after the chart. There's -- in the middle of the page https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562424 there's a paragraph that starts inoculation one, defined as having briefed on investigation and Hobart inspection. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what investigation is being referenced there?

Q. And what was the nature of that investigation?

Q. And what's the Hobart inspection?

Q. Could the investigation be a reference to the investigation that culminated in the memorandum of understanding between Mallinckrodt and the DOJ?

Q. If you look at the chart on the previous page, so Bates Number 8449628, you'll see there are columns member, initial meeting, inoculation one, inoculation two, and DEA notice. Do you know what the reference to DEA notice is? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562425

Q. If you turn to Bates Number 8449631. This is a September 4th meeting with the Energy and Commerce Committee majority staff, and the notes indicate that you attended.

Q. Do you recall that meeting?

Q. At the very bottom of the last paragraph, it says while not yet finalized, the next hearing may look closely at how collaboration might be improved at all levels, what makes a good prescriber education program, and how patients need to be considered and, in quotes, unharmed in whatever steps they take. Do you see that?

Q. What does the reference to good prescriber education program mean?

Q. And when it says patients need to be considered and unharmed in whatever steps they take, https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562426 what does unharmed mean?

Q. And so is this a concern with patient access to opioid products?

Q. And -- oh, I'm sorry. Go ahead.

Q. And was this a concern that Mallinckrodt shared?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever take any action to attempt to prevent or stop legislative efforts that would limit patient access to opioid products?

Q. Are you aware of any other actions that Mallinckrodt took to prevent or stop legislative efforts that would limit patient access to opioid products?

Q. So turning to Bates Number 8449637. On the fourth paragraph down, it starts with staff was very interested as John Gillies detailed Mallinckrodt's many efforts. Do you see that?

Q. So the second-to-last sentence states John discussed the DEA inspection and preempted most possible questions in his explanation. Do you know what that's a reference to?

Q. And with respect to the DEA inspection that took place at the Hobart facility, did DEA have concerns based on that inspection?

Q. And what were their concerns?

Q. And in terms of terminology, can you provide an example? What do you mean by terminology?

Q. Understood.

Q. Do you recall any other meetings that you had with congressional staff during your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So these September 4th and 5th meetings are, to the best of your recollection, the only time you've done these briefings for congressional staff people?

Q. So why do these briefings after this https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562430 particular investigation? Because it sounds like you haven't done them after subsequent investigations.

Q. Or sorry. Let me rephrase that. Why do these briefings after this particular inspection? Because it sounds like you haven't done these after other DEA inspections, and I assume the DEA conducts regular inspections of your facilities.

Q. So what -- I'm sorry. Go ahead.

Q. Okay. So Mr. Gillies, I just have a few more questions relating to pharmacy review, and then we're done.

Q. So Mallinckrodt currently has a pharmacy review program?

Q. Well, strike that. Let me rephrase that. Mallinckrodt currently reviews pharmacies?

Q. And then based on that chargeback data and that review, do you also audit certain pharmacies?

Q. And that program is still in effect? It's in effect currently?

Q. When did you -- do you know when Mallinckrodt first started auditing pharmacies? Well, strike that. Do you know when Mallinckrodt first started using the chargeback data to review pharmacies?

Q. And -- oh, I'm sorry. Go ahead.

Q. And you indicated that it's -- the decision whether to audit -- well, I'm sorry. My previous question was about chargebacks. So when did Mallinckrodt start auditing pharmacies based on the chargeback data? Was that also July of 2010? https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562433

Q. July of 2010?

Q. And you indicated that the chargeback data was used to identify pharmacies to audit. Are there other factors that go into the decision on whether or not to audit a pharmacy, other than the chargeback data?

Q. Did you ever get data from the distributors as to pharmacies that you should audit?

Q. And did any of the distributors ever come to you and provide you with a list or identify certain pharmacies that they had concerns with?

Q. Now, you indicated that the pharmacy https://www.industrydocuments.ucsf.edu/docs/jlnv0249 MNKOI 0004562435 review program is ongoing?

Q. Have there been changes over time between when the pharmacy review program first started and its current form?

Q. And do you have a rough estimate of how many pharmacies have been blocked as a result of this review program?

Q. Do you have any sense of the geo -- well, the geographic areas that these pharmacies are in?

Q. Did you ever have any concerns about the distributors and whether they were doing an adequate job of reviewing their pharmacies?

Q. And do you recall roughly what time period this occurred in?

Q. And what did Mallinckrodt do with this information regarding the prescriber?

Q. And did they prosecute the prescriber?

Q. And did you identify any other -- and this was in 2012. After that, did you identify any other prescribers in a similar fashion?

Q. And you start -- I mean, you did this from 2012 to the present; is that correct?

Q. So this would be in your view an example of appropriate due diligence; is that right?

Q. And have any of the distributors that you dealt with ever had their licenses revoked?
