Witness:  John Gillies
Attorney: MR. Ko
Source:   MNKOI0004561900
============================================================

Q. Good morning.

Q. Would you please state and spell your name for the record?

Q. And Mr. Gillies, where do you currently reside?

Q. And have you had your deposition taken before?

Q. Approximately how many times?

Q. And was that in connection with your time at FBI or in connection with your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Not Mallinckrodt?

Q. So you understand generally how these depositions go, but just as a brief reminder cf the important rules to me, it's very important that we create a clean record. As we alluded to before, the court reporter has the most important job here, so it's important not to speak over one another, so please wait until I finish my question before moving on tc your response, and likewise I'll wait until you finish your response before moving onto my next question. Okay?

Q. It's also very important that to the extent that I ask a yes-or-no question and your answer is in fact yes or no, please say those words rather than shaking your head or nodding your head. Sound good?

Q. And from time to time, counsel, your counsel, or other counsel might object to my questioning, but unless you get a clear instruction not to answer, I'd ask that you respond to my question. Does that sound good?

Q. And Mr. Gillies, we'll be here for a substantial period of time today, so to the extent you need breaks, please ask and we'll do our best to accommodate. Okay?

Q. Mr. Gillies, is there anything that you can think of today that would prevent you from testifying truthfully or honestly?

Q. Great. I understand that you have been designated on behalf of Mallinckrodt to testify on certain topics pursuant to a 30 6 notice. Is that your understanding?

Q. I'm going to go ahead and hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as Gillies Exhibit 1. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-001 marked for identification.]

Q. And I'll represent for the record that this is the amended notice of deposition pursuant to Rule 30 6 that we issued to Mallinckrodt. Does that look familiar to you, Mr. Gillies?

Q. And just so I understand it, just so the record is clear, you are here testifying on behalf of Mallinckrodt; is that correct?

Q. And Mallinckrodt is defined as Mallinckrodt LLC and SpecGX LLC; is that correct?

Q. And are you also testifying on behalf of Mallinckrodt PLC today?

Q. Now, throughout this day -- we'll be taking a look at that notice shortly, but throughout this day we'll also be looking potentially at some documents that include Covidien e-mail addresses and Covidien labels. Can we agree for purposes of the deposition today that Mallinckrodt includes Covidien?

Q. And the same with Tyco. There will be some -- perhaps some Tyco e-mail addresses and some Tyco documents. Can we agree that Tyco is synonymous with Mallinckrodt for purposes of today's deposition?

Q. When I refer to Tyco and/or Covidien and some documents, unless there is a clear objection or a clear instruction otherwise, can we agree that just for ease of reference that when I refer to Tyco and/or Covidien it's also synonymous with Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay, great. Turning to this deposition notice. As we discussed before, there are some topics that you have been designated to testify on behalf of Mallinckrodt, and that includes, if you turn to Page 5, Topic 1. Is that correct?

Q. And I also understand that you have been designated by Mallinckrodt to testify as to portions of Topic 2. Is that correct?

Q. And in particular I think there are some carve-outs there, so I believe that your testimony today is specifically regarding suspicious order monitoring and potential diversion?

Q. Is that correct?

Q. And just so the record is clear, let me read into the record the topic as I understand that you are testifying on behalf of Mallinckrodt today. And that would be, quote, the role of wholesalers, distributors, and pharmacies, including but not limited to defendants, in the supply chain for your opioid products and the responsibilities of each with respect to suspicious order monitoring and potential diversion, end quote. Do you understand to be testifying on that topic today?

Q. Great. Now, in addition you are also testifying on behalf of Mallinckrodt for portions of Topic 3; is that correct?

Q. And again, just so the record is clear, let me read the portion of Topic 3 that I believe that you are testifying on behalf of Mallinckrodt. And that would be, quote, warning letters sent to you by the DEA and any other communications between you and the DEA regarding your marketing of your opioid products, your response to these letters, all subsequent actions you took in response tc those communications, and all budgets for any such actions by year, end quote. Is that a correct understanding cf what you're testifying on behalf of?

Q. Great. Now, I also understand that you are testifying on behalf of Mallinckrodt for portions of Topic 4. Is that correct?

Q. And again, so the record is clear, the portion of Topic 4 that you are testifying on behalf of Mallinckrodt today is, quote, your interactions with the DEA regarding the scheduling of controlled substances, the setting of quotas, or the distribution of controlled substances, including compliance, regulatory and administrative actions, communications, and penalties, end quote. Is that consistent with your understanding that you're testifying on behalf of Mallinckrodt on that topic?

Q. Great. I also understand that you are testifying on behalf of Mallinckrodt on Topic 5. Is that correct?

Q. And in addition Topic 6?

Q. Also Topic 7?

Q. And turning to the next page, on Page 7, there is also Topics 14 and 15. It's my understanding that you are testifying on behalf of Mallinckrodt on those topics. Is that accurate?

Q. Great. And then finally if you move forward to Page 11, I understand you are also being designated to speak on behalf of Mallinckrodt on portions of topic 27. Is that accurate?

Q. And again, so the record is clear, the portion of 27 that you will be testifying on Mallinckrodt today is, quote, to the extent not encompassed within other topics, your suspicious order monitoring and compliance concerning your generic opioid products. Is that accurate?

Q. Great. Thank you for that.

Q. Now, for the topics that we went over today just a moment ago, again, just so the record is clear, you understand that you are speaking on behalf of Mallinckrodt; correct?

Q. And you are not testifying in your individual capacity?

Q. And you understand that your testimony will bind Mallinckrodt; is that correct?

Q. Great. Mr. Gillies, what did you do to prepare for this deposition?

Q. And when you said counsel, is that Mr. O'Connor and Mr. Goldstein here?

Q. Any other additional counsel?

Q. And approximately how many times did you meet with them?

Q. And when was the date of the first preparation session?

Q. And approximately how many hours would you say you have spent preparing for this deposition?

Q. And when you said a moment ago that you're reviewing documents -- well, strike that. The 80 hours in preparation -- are those all hours you spent with counsel, or are you talking about additional hours that you spent on your own preparing?

Q. Understood. Approximately how many hours did you meet with counsel?

Q. Okay, great. And when you said a moment ago you were -- that you reviewed some documents, were these all documents that were selected by your counsel? MR. 0'C0NN0R: You can answer that.

Q. In other words, did you provide any documents to your counsel or did you independently review any documents on your own outside of counsel's presence?

Q. Great. And have you reviewed any of the court pleadings in the national opioid litigation?

Q. Sure. Have you looked at the applicable complaints in this action?

Q. Which ones?

Q. Got it. And I'm not trying to put you through a legal test at all.

Q. I'm just trying to get an understanding of what documents you may have looked at. So were these documents also selected by counsel?

Q. Great. In addition to complaints, were there any other pleadings or documents that looked similar to, for example, the 30 6 notice that's in front of you that you reviewed?

Q. Okay. Thanks. And in preparation for this deposition, did you speak with any current or former employees at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Which ones?

Q. And when did you speak with her?

Q. January of this year?

Q. Great. And did you speak with her specifically about your deposition, or this case, or what did you guys discuss?

Q. I see. And which topic was that?

Q. Do you recall -- are you going to follow that instruction?

Q. Okay. Do you recall which topic you discussed with Ms. Harper?

Q. Other than Ms. Harper, did you speak with any other current or former Mallinckrodt employee outside the presence of counsel?

Q. And I'm sure you're aware that there are other depositions taking place in this case of Mallinckrodt current and former employees; correct?

Q. And did you review any transcripts of these depositions?

Q. And Mr. Gillies, I assume that Mallinckrodt is paying for your representation by Andrew and Joshua today. Is that correct?

Q. Are you being compensated in any way for your testimony today individually?

Q. Outside of your regular compensation, are you getting any additional compensation?

Q. And are you paying for your counsel both in terms of preparation for this deposition and/or conducting this deposition?

Q. Great. You can set that aside. You may want to refer to it from time to time, but I'll just -- we can move that aside for the moment.

Q. Mr. Gillies, you are currently director of global security at Mallinckrodt; is that correct?

Q. Vice-president. Thanks for the clarification. Have you ever been a director of global security or a director at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And how long -- or how long ago was that when you first became director?

Q. And are you still currently a director or are you no longer a director?

Q. And when did that occur that you no longer became a director?

Q. And so you have been vice-president of global security since 2015?

Q. And you said a moment ago that you became director in 2012. Is that also when you joined Mallinckrodt?

Q. And approximately when in 2012?

Q. Is it accurate to say that currently one of your primary responsibilities is to oversee Mallinckrodt's compliance with the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. And in addition to being one of the members of the suspicious order monitoring team, do you have additional duties to ensure that Mallinckrodt complies with its duties under the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. And is it also fair to say that one of the fundamental duties of the CSA is for a registrant to design and implement a system to identify and detect suspicious orders?

Q. And you would certainly agree that Mallinckrodt as a registrant of the CSA has these duties; correct?

Q. Now, is it accurate to state that Mallinckrodt did not always comply with these duties?

Q. Well, you're familiar with the memorandum of understanding between the DEA and Mallinckrodt; correct?

Q. And we'll get into more of the details later, but you're familiar with all the provisions of the memorandum of understanding; is that fair?

Q. And in the memorandum of understanding there is a provision referenced in that agreement titled admission of responsibility. Are you familiar with that provision?

Q. And we can refer to the document later if we need to, but in that provision there's a statement that indicates that Mallinckrodt from certain times through -- from 2008 to 2012 did not always comply with the standard set forth in DEA letters in 2006 and 2007 regarding its suspicious order monitoring program. Isn't that accurate?

Q. So we had just talked about one of the duties under the CSA being a registrant's obligation to design and implement a system to identify suspicious orders. Do you recall that?

Q. Sure. We had just talked about cne of the duties under the CSA being a registrant's obligation to design and implement a system to identify suspicious orders.

Q. And in the admission of responsibility in the MOU, memorandum of understanding, between Mallinckrodt and DEA, Mallinckrodt acknowledged that from certain times from 2008 through 2012 it did not always follow the recommendations set forth in DEA letters in 2006 and 2007 regarding SOM programs. Isn't that accurate?

Q. Well, we'll get to the MOU later, then.

Q. Again, I don't want this to be a memory test or anything.

Q. So we'll talk about those provisions later. Going back to your background, I've seen in certain documents that you have a BA in accounting in business from Illinois State. Is that correct?

Q. Sorry. I apologize for that. A bachelor's of -- so you have a bachelor's of science in accounting and business administration from Illinois State. Is that correct?

Q. And you graduated in 1982?

Q. And after graduation you went to work for the FBI, is my understanding. Is that correct?

Q. And was that immediately after graduation?

Q. What did you do between graduation and working for the FBI?

Q. And where did you do your accounting work?

Q. Who was your employer?

Q. And when you went to work for the FBI, what was your first job at the FBI?

Q. General support in what division?

Q. In what department?

Q. I see. And I don't want to go over too much of your background. There's -- as you understand, you have a deposition under your personal capacity tomorrow. But I just -- I do want to understand when you became a special agent in charge of the Miami division.

Q. And how long were you in that role?

Q. When you went to go work for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And both as a special agent in charge of the Miami division of the FBI and even prior to that, I want to get an understanding of when you first became aware of the opioid crisis. MR. 0'C0NN0R: Again, you can answer at a general level. As we discussed, there's Touhy regulations that govern his ability to speak to confidential information, so at a very high level you can answer whether you were aware.

Q. So you -- and during that time, given that you were in Florida, I presume that you became aware of certain issues with respect to the opioid crisis in Florida in particular as well; correct? MR. 0'C0NN0R: Again, you can speak to your general awareness to the extent you don't reveal any confidential government information subject to the Touhy regulations. And if you can't answer, then I would object and instruct you not to.

Q. Sure, I can repeat it.

Q. Given that you were in Florida, I presume that you became aware of certain issues with respect to the opioid crisis in Florida in particular; correct?

Q. Sure. And Mr. Gillies, I'm certainly not trying to pry into anything that might be confidential or violate any of your obligations under the law. I'm just trying to get a general understanding of whether or not you became aware of certain issues in Florida related to the opioid crisis in the 2009 through 2012 time period.

Q. Okay. Let me try this way. Mr. Gillies, there's certainly publicly available information about the role you played with respect to certain investigations that occurred in Florida. Are you aware of those?

Q. So I'm just asking with respect to the publicly available information out there that suggests that you played a role in, for example, prosecution of certain pill mills in Florida, I just want to make sure that the record is clear today. At some point in time during the 2009 and 2012 time period, or perhaps before, you became aware that there were certain issues with respect to the opioid crisis in Florida; is that fair?

Q. Now, is it also accurate to say -- putting aside your role in the FBI, is it also accurate to say that Mallinckrodt became aware of certain issues in Florida as alerted by the DEA?

Q. And setting aside your answer with respect to the full scope of the problem, Mallinckrodt understood that there were certain issues with respect to the Mallinckrodt pills being diverted in Florida prior to that meeting as well; correct?

Q. And what time period were they aware of this?

Q. And would it be accurate to say that they became aware of an opioid problem and aware of unscrupulous doctors writing scripts for opioids as early as 2008?

Q. I've probably seen a lot more documents than you have.

Q. But have you in any of your review of documents as selected by counsel today, did ycu see any reference to a growing opioid crisis and problems in Florida in particular earlier than 2008?

Q. And again, all these documents were selected by your counsel, is that correct, that you reviewed in preparation for this deposition?

Q. Mr. Gillies, you are aware of the controlled substance compliance group at Mallinckrodt; is that correct?

Q. And were you ever a member or are currently a member of the controlled substance compliance group?

Q. Well, that's actually helpful to clarify, because I've seen plenty of references in the documents to both a DEA compliance team and a controlled substance compliance team. Is it your testimony that there are two distinct teams, or are they the same but just used interchangeably?

Q. Is he the only representative of legal on the S0M team?

Q. Is he also --

Q. And then you mentioned government compliance a moment ago. Who is the individual that is the representative on the S0M team from that group?

Q. And have you been a member of the S0M team ever since you joined Mallinckrodt in June of 2012?

Q. And was there ever a period of time in which you were not a member of the S0M compliance team during the time period between June 2012 and current?

Q. So in your review of documents and in preparing for this deposition today, did you see any reference to a controlled substance compliance group that was ever formed?

Q. Sure. Is it your understanding that prior to your employment at Mallinckrodt that the DEA compliance team was always separate from an S0M team, or was there ever a point in Mallinckrodt's history where the S0M team was under the umbrella of the DEA compliance team?

Q. Okay. I may have misspoken, and let me rephrase my question in any event to make it --

Q. -- hopefully a little more simple. The DEA met with Mallinckrodt many times during the 2009 through 2012 time period; is that fair to say?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt meet with DEA on more occasions than the August 23rd, 2011, meeting?

Q. Sure. I believe that you said that the meeting was in August of 2011.

Q. And I believe in particular it was August 23rd of 2011.

Q. That's what I --

Q. So in addition to the August 2011 meeting with DEA, Mallinckrodt had additional meetings with DEA regarding diversion of Mallinckrodt opioids; is that fair to say?

Q. What other purposes were they for?

Q. Sure. And I understand there are a variety of purposes or a variety of reasons for why DEA met with Mallinckrodt, but with respect to diversion of Mallinckrodt plaids, is it your testimony today that Mallinckrodt only met once with DEA regarding diversion of Mallinckrodt opioids?

Q. At any time.

Q. So in addition to the August 2011 meeting between Mallinckrodt and DEA, there were additional meetings, were there not, where diversion of Mallinckrodt opioids was discussed between Mallinckrodt and DEA; is that fair to say?

Q. And a moment ago I had referred to oxy 15s and oxy 30s. It's your understanding that Mallinckrodt manufactured generic oxycodone in the 15-milligram strength; is that accurate?

Q. And in addition, Mallinckrodt also manufactured oxycodone 30?

Q. And for purposes of the deposition today, is it okay if I refer to those as oxy 15s and oxy 30s?

Q. During the August 2011 meeting, one of Mall -- one of DEA's focuses were the diversion of Mallinckrodt plaids, and in particular the diversion of Mallinckrodt oxy 15s and 30s; is that accurate?

Q. And in particular oxy 15s and oxy 30s, or just oxycodone products in general?

Q. So is it fair to say that Mallinckrodt knew that Mallinckrodt-manufactured opioids were being abused and diverted in Florida?

Q. And what's your understanding of diversion, Mr. Gillies?

Q. And could diversion lead to abuse of a product?

Q. And would you agree that diversion of an opioid product could also lead to its misuse?

Q. Is it fair to say that Mallinckrodt was also aware of the Oxy Express?

Q. During both the August 2011 meetings and other meetings, did DEA ever inform or discuss the Oxy Express with Mallinckrodt?

Q. And in your review of documents today in preparation for this deposition as selected by counsel, did you see any references to the Oxy Express?

Q. Do you have an understanding of what the Oxy Express is?

Q. You don't have any understanding of what the Oxy Express is?

Q. And I know that you keep looking at counsel, but I'd ask that unless he actually lodges his objection clearly on the record and instructs you not to answer that you refrain from looking at him every time that I ask you a question.

Q. So you -- have you seen any documents at all that -- Mallinckrodt documents that reference the 0xy Express?

Q. And have you had any discussions with anyone regarding -- outside the presence of your counsel regarding the 0xy Express?

Q. So turning back to the DEA compliance group, as it stands today, approximately how many full-time employees are part of the DEA compliance group?

Q. And do you have an understanding of how that has changed over time, if at all?

Q. So as far as you know, as far as the DEA compliance group has been in existence, approximately six to seven full-time employees have been part of that group? Is that accurate?

Q. And with respect to -- I know we had just discussed the individuals that were part of the SOM team. How many full-time employees are part cf the SOM team right now?

Q. And has that changed over time?

Q. And when -- when was the SOM team first created?

Q. We can take a look at some documents later, but does it refresh your recollection at all if I say that the SOM -- it's my understanding the SOM team was created in 2008. Is that consistent with your understanding, or are we going to need to look at some more documents to establish that?

Q. Do you have a general understanding of whether or not it started before 2008 or after 2008?

Q. And as we discussed before with respect to the topics that are outlined in that notice, one of the topics includes Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring system; is that accurate?

Q. And you were -- you're prepared to testify on behalf of the company on all things related to suspicious order monitoring; is that fair?

Q. And your testimony is that you don't know -- today you don't -- sitting here, you don't know when the SOM team began?

Q. Is it -- going back to the DEA compliance group, I know you had talked about certain things that they were responsible for, but you couldn't recall everything. Is it fair to say that the DEA compliance group is responsible for any DEA reporting requirement?

Q. And it would also be accurate to say that the -- well, strike that. The SOM team, you have testified, is independent from the DEA compliance group. Sc I want to get an understanding of whether or not the DEA compliance group has any involvement in SOM whatsoever or if the SOM team runs completely independent of DEA compliance.

Q. So there wasn't a question there, so I'll just ask the question. Does the DEA compliance group have any responsibility over the SOM team?

Q. And which individuals are those?

Q. Are those the only three individuals that are both part of DEA compliance and the SOM team?

Q. And going back to the DEA compliance group, in addition to quota requests and communications with DEA regarding Mallinckrodt's quota, is it also accurate to say the DEA compliance group has responsibility coordinating any audits done by DEA of Mallinckrodt facilities?

Q. Is it also accurate to say that the DEA compliance group is responsible for tracking Mallinckrodt's internal consumption of their quota request?

Q. Or of the annual quota allocation?

Q. Earlier we were talking about Mallinckrodt's duties under the Controlled Substances Act. Do you recall that?

Q. Now, in addition to the statute -- obviously it's complex and has many layers to it. With respect to suspicious order monitoring in particular, is it accurate to say that Mallinckrodt received certain letters in the 2006 and 2007 time period regarding its obligations under the CSA and in particular its obligations to design and implement the suspicious order monitoring system?

Q. Okay. I'm going to go ahead and hand you

Q. And for the record, Gillies Exhibit 2 is MNK-Tl 000273575. And then I'm also going to hand you

Q. And for the record, that ends in Bates 270069. And let's start with the second exhibit -- or excuse me -- Gillies Exhibit 2.

Q. And I see that there's a cover letter, and we can talk about that in a moment, but this is -- the letter that you see attached to this e-mail is a September 27th, 2006, letter from the DEA; is that accurate?

Q. And this -- it's signed by Joe Rannazzisi?

Q. By the way, did you know Joe Rannazzisi prior to the time that you joined Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you know him now?

Q. But you don't have a personal relationship with him?

Q. And in addition to the letter that you see in -- that's reflected in Exhibit 2, there's another letter that's in front of you that's marked as Gillies Exhibit 3 that's dated December 27th, 2007; is that correct?

Q. And are these the two letters that we just discussed a moment ago that Mallinckrodt received regarding its duties under the CSA?

Q. And throughout today we might be referring to these letters. Is it okay if we refer to these as the Rannazzisi letters?

Q. Okay, great. So turning back to -- I'm sorry to jump around, but turning back to Gillies Exhibit 2, I just want to make sure I understand your testimony a moment ago. You said that you don't believe that Mallinckrodt received this letter immediately after it was dated September 27th, 2006. Is that correct?

Q. And your testimony is that Mallinckrodt received it at some point in time in 2007 or 2008?

Q. And I just want to clarify for the record. If you look at the cover e-mail, you see Ms. Harper sending this letter around. Is that accurate?

Q. So I just want to clarify for the record. I want to make sure that it's clear. Is it accurate to say that Mallinckrodt received or individuals at Mallinckrodt received this letter in 2007?

Q. So yes or no? Is it accurate to say that Mallinckrodt received the September 27th, 2006, Rannazzisi letter at some point in 2007?

Q. And by the way, there are some individuals that are referenced in this letter at Mallinckrodt, including individuals by the name of Eldon Hanson and Todd Forthaus. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know who they are?

Q. And who is Eldon Henson, and what was his role at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. And there are also references, if you look on Pages 2 and 3 of this e-mail, to Vince Kalman and Tim Wright. Do you know who those individuals are?

Q. Now, if you look at the second page of this e-mail. Sorry, just stick on that exhibit.

Q. Yeah. Thank you. So the second page of that e-mail -- I'm about two-thirds of the way down -- there is an e-mail from Dirk Stevens to Eldon Hanson. Do you see that?

Q. From December 13th?

Q. 10:45? And again, Eldon Hanson was a Mallinckrodt employee; is that correct?

Q. And in that e-mail, he is being asked by Dirk Stevens, quote, do you have a diversion policy. Do you see that?

Q. What is your understanding -- well, strike that. With respect to Mallinckrodt's obligations under the CSA, and in particular its obligations to design and implement an SOM program, when did Mallinckrodt first memorialize in writing a policy with respect to these obligations?

Q. When you say that Mallinckrodt always had an SOM program, can you -- do you have an understanding of when it first began?

Q. And do you have -- I assume I know the answer to this, but when Mallinckrodt first implemented an SOM program, do you know if there was any policy memorialized in writing regarding that program at that time?

Q. And turning to the top of the first page, the Karen Harper e-mail to Bill Ratliff. There's an occasion -- do you see -- about three lines down where she indicates that, quote, she was forwarded policy E-9 for St. Louis and A-14 for WGTC regarding the same.

Q. And for ease of reference, you can see the --

Q. Obviously the exhibit is in front of you, but if you'd like to look at the big screen, it's there behind me as well. Do you have any understanding of what the security policy E-9 is?

Q. Or do you have any understanding of what the A-14 for WGTC is?

Q. Is there any indication in that e-mail that Karen Harper is actually providing anyone with the diversion policy requested in the previous e-mail we looked at?

Q. Let me ask it a different way. Do you have any understanding whether Mallinckrodt as of December 2007 had a written S0M policy?

Q. You can set that aside and look at Gillies Exhibit 3. And so this is the second Rannazzisi letter that Mallinckrodt received from DEA; is that correct?

Q. And there's a received stamp that indicates that Mallinckrodt in fact received this at least no later than January 4th, 2008. Is that accurate?

Q. And this particular letter is specifically addressed to Mallinckrodt Hobart facility?

Q. And so the record is clear, there's no dispute that Mallinckrodt received this letter; correct?

Q. By the way, do you have an understanding of who these Rannazzisi letters were circulated to at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you know whether or not -- I -- well, strike that. Turning to this letter, there are a series of statements being made with respect to a registrant's duties around the CSA. Is that accurate?

Q. And in the second paragraph, there is a statement made by DEA that, quote, in addition to and not in lieu of the general requirement under 21 U.S.C. 823 that manufacturers and distributors maintain effective controls against diversion, DEA regulations require all manufacturers and distributors to report suspicious orders of controlled substances, Title 21 CFR, 1301.74B. Did I read that portion correctly?

Q. And so is it accurate to say that Mallinckrodt knew that the obligation to report suspicious orders of controlled substances was an additional requirement under the CSA as required by the CFRs?

Q. And moving on to the second part of that sentence. The letter continues, quote -- well, strike that. The letter indicates that DEA regulations, quote, require that a registrant design and operate a system to disclose to the registrant suspicious orders of controlled substances, end quote. Did I read that correct -- portion of the paragraph correctly?

Q. And so in addition to the duty to maintain effective controls against diversion, Mallinckrodt knew that it had to design and operate a system to disclose to the registrant suspicious orders of controlled substances; is that accurate?

Q. And moving on to the next sentence, it indicates that the regulation -- let me be clear. The next statement states, quote, the regulation clearly indicates that it is the sole responsibility of the registrant to design and operate such a system, end quote. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And so is it fair to say that Mallinckrodt knew as of the date of receiving this letter that the DEA expected the sole responsibility to design and operate an SOM system to lie with the registrant -- in this case, Mallinckrodt?

Q. Is that correct?

Q. Now, moving on to the third paragraph. The second sentence indicates, quote, filing a monthly report of completed transactions, for example, excessive purchase report or high unit purchases, does not meet the regulatory requirement to report suspicious orders, end quote. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So is it fair to say that Mallinckrodt understood that simply filing a monthly excessive order report would not meet the regulatory requirements under the CSA?

Q. And I understand, but my question was just simply a yes-or-no question. Is it fair to say that Mallinckrcdt understood that simply filing a monthly excessive order report would not meet the regulatory requirements under the CSA as of the date of this letter?

Q. So if Mallinckrodt was sending monthly reports to DEA after January 4th, 2008, that would not be consistent with the standard set forth in this letter; is that accurate?

Q. Going on to the next sentence, the letter indicates, that quote, registrants are reminded that their responsibility does not end merely with the filing of a suspicious order report. Registrants must conduct an independent analysis of suspicious orders prior to completing a sale to determine whether the controlled substances are likely to be diverted from legitimate channels. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So again, is it fair to say that the DEA expectation as of the date of this letter was that -- and Mallinckrodt in fact understood that their responsibilities do not end with merely filing a suspicious order report? Is that accurate?

Q. In other words, Mallinckrodt must, as of the date of this letter, conduct an independent analysis of suspicious orders prior to completing a sale determine -- to determine whether the controlled substances are likely to be diverted. Is that accurate?

Q. So as of the date of this letter, it would be accurate to say that if Mallinckrodt released an order prior to completing a sale and without doing any sort of independent analysis would not be consistent with the standard set forth in this letter?

Q. Sure. Would it be accurate to say that if Mallinckrodt released an order prior to completing a sale and without doing any sort of independent analysis, that would not be consistent with the standard set forth in this letter?

Q. It would not be accurate to say that?

Q. And why is that?

Q. I see. I see what you're saying. Let me rephrase my question. So would it be accurate to say -- well, strike that. In the third sentence that we just read, the DEA provides guidance, does it not, that registrants must conduct an independent analysis of suspicious orders prior to completing a sale?

Q. So are you suggesting that that provision only applies with respect to a suspicious order but not any other order?

Q. And what is your understanding of what constitutes a suspicious order?

Q. Well, it's actually -- it's later on in this letter, so why don't we actually turn to that portion of this letter. The fourth paragraph down at the bottom of this page states the regulation specifically states that suspicious orders include orders of an unusual size, orders deviating substantially from a normal pattern, and orders of an unusual frequency, end quote. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So is it your understanding that a suspicious order, among other things, constitutes those elements?

Q. And so would it be accurate to say that one purpose of why Mallinckrodt designed and implemented a suspicious order monitoring system is to identify orders of an unusual size?

Q. And also to identify orders that deviate substantially from a normal pattern?

Q. And also Mallinckrodt designed and implemented an SOM program to identify orders of an unusual frequency?

Q. Would you agree with me that one of the purposes of identifying a suspicious order is also to make sure that Mallinckrodt fills orders only for legitimate scientific and medical means?

Q. Now, is it also fair to say that an effective SOM program would also be able to identify whether a pharmacy or clinic is ordering excessive quantities of one particular controlled substance relative to others it orders?

Q. Well, is one purpose -- well, would you agree with me that a pharmacy that orders 90 percent -- for example, 90 percent of one particular drug relative to others would warrant further investigation?

Q. What do you mean by that?

Q. At a certain point in time Mallinckrodt became aware and had access to information regarding downstream transactions between its wholesale distributor customers and pharmacies and clinics; is that accurate?

Q. So yes or no? At a certain point in time, Mallinckrodt became aware and had access to information regarding downstream transactions between its wholesale distributor customers and pharmacy and clinics; is that accurate?

Q. Sure. At a certain point in time, Mallinckrodt became aware and had access to information regarding downstream transactions between its wholesale distributor customers and pharmacies and clinics?

Q. Is that accurate?

Q. And I know that you just said a moment ago that Mallinckrodt had no visibility beyond -- or I don't -- I'm not trying to take words out of your mouth, but you seemed to imply that Mallinckrodt did not know what was going on with respect to its drugs after it went to the distributor. That's not entirely accurate; is that correct?

Q. Okay. So I'll go back to my original question, then.

Q. Wouldn't it be reflective -- well, strike that. Would you agree with me that an effective suspicious order monitoring program would be able to identify whether a pharmacy or clinic is ordering excessive quantities of a limited variety of controlled substances?

Q. Yeah. Regardless of whether or not you can see, and we can talk -- discuss later about all the pieces of information that a registrant potentially could have had -- any particular manufacturing registrant. But for purposes of an SOM program -- you have responsibilities with respect to the SOM program today, do you not?

Q. And I'm simply asking whether or not you believe -- or you would agree with me that an effective SOM program would be able to identify, regardless of whether or not you think the manufacturer can or cannot identify the details of the downstream transaction -- would you agree that an effective SOM program would be able to identify whether a pharmacy or clinic is ordering excessive quantities of a limited variety of controlled substances?

Q. Okay. Let's start with the manufacturers.

Q. Your answer is no?

Q. Let's turn to the top of Page 2. Actually, before we get there, I also want to ask whether or not you would agree with me that an effective SOM program would also be able to identify whether or not a pharmacy or clinic is ordering from multiple distributors with respect to the same controlled substance.

Q. And in addition to a factor to consider, would it be reflective of an effective SOM program for

Q. And I'm asking a yes-or-no question.

Q. Yeah. Yes or no, would it be reflective of an effective SOM program for a registrant to determine whether or not a pharmacy or clinic is ordering the same controlled substance from multiple distributors?

Q. Welcome back from the break. Just a few more questions on Exhibit 3. You have it in front of you. At the top of Page 2, there's a statement that says, quote, registrants that rely on rigid formulas to define whether an order is suspicious may be failing to detect suspicious orders. For example, a system that identifies orders as suspicious only if the total amount of controlled substance ordered during one month exceeds the amount ordered the previous month by

Q. So would you agree with me that Mallinckrodt knew as of the date of this letter that rigid -- adherence to a rigid formula to define whether an order is suspicious would be inadequate?

Q. So yes or no? Would you agree with me that Mallinckrodt knew as of the date of this letter that adherence to a rigid formula to identify whether an order is suspicious would be inadequate?

Q. Thank you. Now, we had discussed -- you can set this aside, actually.

Q. Earlier we had discussed whether or not Mallinckrodt had written policies with respect to its SOM program. Do you recall that testimony?

Q. And I know you said you don't recall when it first started, but at a certain point in time there were certain written policies that were drafted and revised and circulated within Mallinckrodt; is that correct?

Q. And when do you recall the first written policy -- or when did Mallinckrodt first begin writing or drafting these written policies?

Q. And you understand -- Mallinckrodt -- is it accurate to say that Mallinckrodt manufactured opioids beginning in approximately 1996?

Q. And did Mallinckrodt have an SOM program since when it began manufacturing prescription plaids?

Q. But you don't have a recollection of whether or not there was a written policy at the time that first -- that Mallinckrodt first began manufacturing prescription opioids; is that accurate?

Q. Now, with respect to the suspicious order monitoring procedures, is it accurate to state that Mallinckrodt had at certain points a two-tiered system to identify suspicious orders?

Q. And I understand and I believe that there are three tiers now, but for some portion of when Mallinckrodt had an SOM program, there were two tiers with respect to identifying a suspicious order; is that correct?

Q. Oh, is that -- okay. Was there ever a time that there was a three-tier system?

Q. And with respect to the two-tiered system, the first tier -- and correct me if I'm wrong -- but the first tier attempts to identify whether an order is either peculiar or unusual; is that accurate?

Q. And that's the two-tier structure right now that you're describing; correct?

Q. Let's talk about the 2008 to 2012 time period.

Q. Did you have an understanding of whether or not there were two or three tiers during that time period?

Q. And so prior to --

Q. Got it. Thank you. And so prior to 2012, was the SOM program -- the intent of the SOM program was to have a two-tiered system?

Q. Sure. Well, I was hoping not to go through each -- well, we will go through some of the SOM policies, but I'm just hoping to get a general understanding of what your -- of the systems that Mallinckrodt had in place, but we can look at the policies in a moment.

Q. Now, do you have an understanding of how many orders Mallinckrodt has identified as being suspicious?

Q. You have no understanding of how many orders Mallinckrodt has notified to the DEA at any point in Mallinckrodt's history as to how many orders are suspicious?

Q. But you have no understanding of how many orders have been identified to the DEA?

Q. As you know, other depo -- other individuals have been deposed in this case, and Ms. Harper has testified that prior to 2008, Mallinckrodt had identified approximately 10 or less suspicious orders to the DEA. Does that sound familiar to you at all?

Q. Does it refresh your recollection at all that Mallinckrodt had identified only a small number of suspicious orders prior to 2008?

Q. And you have -- in addition to not knowing exactly how many, you don't have any understanding of the general amount of suspicious orders that were reported to the DEA prior to 2008?

Q. From the period 2008 through 2011, do you have any understanding of how many suspicious orders were reported to the DEA?

Q. I'm going to hand you a copy of what will be marked as Gillies Exhibit 4 and --

Q. -- 5. And for the record I'll note that Gillies Exhibit 4 ends in Bates 1806623, and Exhibit 5 is actually the attachment which ends in 1806624. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-004 marked for identification.] [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-005 marked for identification.]

Q. So Mr. Gillies, does this document look familiar to you at all?

Q. Well, let's just take a look at the first -- well, this -- for the record, this is an e-mail that Karen Harper sends to you on April 25th, 2014. Is that accurate?

Q. And at the top of the e-mail she states, quote, 12-31-2003, the oldest SOM report to DEA that was retrievable this evening attached. Given the report number identity, we may be able to retrieve older information through IS, end quote. Did I read that correctly?

Q. First off, IS is information systems; correct?

Q. And that's a group at Mallinckrodt; right?

Q. And they were -- they had some responsibilities with respect to the SOM program?

Q. Is that accurate?

Q. Sure. So that's helpful. So the IS group referenced here is essentially the IT department at Mallinckrodt; correct?

Q. And does the IT department currently have

Q. And they provide regular monthly reports to the SOM team; is that accurate?

Q. Now, this document indicates that the earliest SOM report, at least as of 2014, that Ms. Harper could find was from 2003. Is that accurate?

Q. And have you seen any suspicious order reports prior to 2003?

Q. Are you aware of any suspicious order reports prior to 2003?

Q. Now, in the next sentence down, Ms. Harper indicates to you, quote, 10-2008. SOM report submission to DEA local office is temporarily discontinued per direction of DEA. SOM team begins work on revised algorithm system. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And what is your understanding of which reports were being discontinued per the direction of the DEA?

Q. And is it accurate to say that those are the monthly reports that -- well, let's take a step back. What are the peculiar order reports that Mallinckrodt created prior to October of 2008?

Q. So is it fair to say that Mallinckrodt had an algorithm to determine whether or not an order was peculiar?

Q. And if that algorithm was triggered, a report was created? Is that accurate?

Q. And the reports that are referenced here in this e-mail that were temporarily discontinued to be sent to the DEA, those are those peculiar order reports; is that accurate?

Q. And the e-mail goes on to state that the S0M team is working on a revised algorithm system, and that -- well, first of all, you see that portion of the e-mail?

Q. And the revised algorithm system is with respect to the peculiar order algorithm; is that accurate?

Q. And to be clear, Mallinckrodt distinguished between a peculiar order and a suspicious order; is that accurate?

Q. And the basic structure, at least as of the time of this e-mail and as of the time that Mallinckrodt utilized peculiar orders -- the basic structure was if an order was determined to be peculiar, it would be elevated for further review to determine whether or not it was suspicious for purposes of notifying the DEA; is that accurate?

Q. And so when this e-mail is discussing -- when Ms. Harper is discussing with you the fact that these reports are being temporarily discontinued per the direction of the DEA, what is your understanding of what Ms. Harper is referring to here?

Q. And was -- and I guess I was unclear, and I apologize for that. The direction of the DEA -- I want to focus on that portion. Is that in reference to the Rannazzisi letters that we were just discussing a moment ago?

Q. Correct. And the portion of that letter that discusses the concept of not sending monthly excessive order reports to DEA; correct?

Q. And that letter, to be clear, was dated December 27th and received in January of 2008; correct?

Q. And this chronology indicates that Mallinckrodt stopped sending the reports in October of 2008; correct?

Q. So would it be accurate to say that if Mallinckrodt sent monthly reports at some point in time between January of 2008 and October of 2008, that would be inconsistent with the standard set forth in the December 27th, 2007, Rannazzisi letter; correct?

Q. So would it be accurate to say that if Mallinckrodt sent monthly letters to DEA between January 2008 and October 2008, that practice would be inconsistent with the standard set forth in the December 27th, 2007, Rannazzisi letter; correct?

Q. Sure. So --

Q. And you're absolutely right. Thank you for the clarification. So just so the record is perfectly clear, would it be fair to say that if Mallinckrodt sent monthly reports to the DEA between January 2008 and October 2008 regarding any kind of excessive order, that practice would be inconsistent with the standard set forth in the December 27th, 2007, Rannazzisi letter; correct?

Q. Now, further on in this e-mail, the next section down, Ms. Harper indicates 7-20-2010, DEA St. Louis visits St. Louis plant for a physical security inspection, and advises Mallinckrodt that DEA SOM expectation is that Mallinckrodt know their customer's customer. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So is it accurate to say that Mallinckrodt knew at least as of July 20th, 2010, that the DEA expected Mallinckrodt to know their customer's customer?

Q. So is it accurate to say that as of July 20th, 2010, Mallinckrodt knew that the DEA expected Mallinckrodt to know their customer's customer?

Q. And further on in that paragraph, there's also an indication that Mallinckrodt begins evaluating the use of chargeback data for SOM. Do you see that portion of the e-mail?

Q. And so at least as of July 2010, Mallinckrodt -- is it fair to say that Mallinckrodt began contemplating use of chargeback data in connection with its suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. And turning to the -- actually, turning to the attachment of the e-mail, which as indicated by Ms. Harper's cover e-mail to you was an SOM report. Do you see that?

Q. And so is it fair to say that this is an example of an SOM report that Mallinckrodt had created and apparently sent to the DEA in 2003?

Q. And do you have any understanding of how Mallinckrodt identified the suspicious orders that appeared here?

Q. So it's your testimony that Mallinckrodt utilized an algorithm as of 2003?

Q. And separate and apart from the algorithm, do you know whether or not Mallinckrodt utilized any other elements to identify a suspicious order at that time?

Q. And how do you know that? Is that what you were told by counsel?

Q. Earlier you said --

Q. Earlier you said that you did not recall ever seeing an SOM program prior to a certain time period. Is that accurate?

Q. So if you've never seen a written report, how did you gain an understanding of what the SOM program was like prior to when Mallinckrodt ever had a written report?

Q. And which employee?

Q. And when did she advise you of that?

Q. So prior to January of 2019, did you ever have an understanding of what the SOM program was like prior to when Mallinckrodt had a written report -- or written policy? Excuse me.

Q. And turning back to your testimony earlier just a moment ago, when you were saying the customer service reps would sometimes review the order. Do you know whether or not that review was ever documented in any way?

Q. And when you say they reviewed every order, are you saying that they reviewed every single order ever entered into between Mallinckrodt and a wholesaler distributor customer?

Q. I see. So outside of the peculiar order algorithm system, was there a separate system or protocol for a customer service rep to identify an order as being potentially peculiar?

Q. So in other words, the customer service rep or individual that would review an order is doing so only after it is identified as peculiar by a certain algorithm; is that accurate?

Q. And so earlier we had talked about a multitiered structure or a two-tiered structure, and we had identified or we had discussed the concept of first an order being triggered pursuant to an algorithm and then subsequently being identified as peculiar. Do you recall that discussion?

Q. And after that review, then an order was -- or excuse me. After that report was created, the order would then be analyzed to determine whether or not it was suspicious; right?

Q. And I'm just trying to get an understanding of when the customer service rep would review the order, and it would be after the order was identified as peculiar; correct?

Q. And they would not review -- just so the record is clear, they would not review every order prior to any identification of the order being peculiar; is that correct?

Q. And so going -- just looking back at this document, the orders that appear here -- it's your testimony that it's your belief these orders were identified pursuant to whatever algorithm was in place as of 2003; correct?

Q. And these orders then would not have been identified through any other process other than the peculiar order algorithm that was in place; correct?

Q. You can set that aside. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as Gillies Exhibit --

Q. -- 6. And for the record, this is -- ends in Bates 7026341. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-006 marked for identification.]

Q. And this is a letter from Eileen Spaulding to Karen Harper dated April 24th, 2014, and you said earlier that Eileen is a member of the S0M team„! is that correct?

Q. And she's also a member of the DEA compliance group?

Q. And similarly, Karen Harper is also a member of the DEA compliance group and the S0M team?

Q. And Eileen indicates to Karen that, quote, I can recall having a suspicious order monitoring system in place of some type with the start of distribution activities from Hobart 2001, end quote. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So -- and let me continue. However, the attached is the earliest S0M report that I have in my e-mail system. At this time the reports were being generated monthly. The attached report is for December 2013 orders that were reviewed. And I believe she means to reference December 2003, but we can go over that later. But did I read that portion of the e-mail correctly?

Q. So again, as of April 2014, Eileen, a member of the SOM team, is identifying to Karen, also a member of the SOM team, that the earliest SOM report that Mallinckrodt has access to is as of 2003; is that accurate?

Q. Sure. As of April 2014, Eileen, a member of the SOM team, is identifying to Karen, also a member of the SOM team, that the earliest SOM report that Mallinckrodt had access to is as of 2003. Is that accurate?

Q. Is there any reference to a SOM report prior to 2003?

Q. And Ms. Spaulding also indicates that there -- she does recall having an SOM system in place starting in 2001. Is that accurate?

Q. And do you have any reason to dispute the veracity of this e-mail?

Q. Have you seen any documents that suggest an SOM system in place prior to 2001?

Q. Have you seen any documents that indicate an SOM report prior to 2003?

Q. You can set that aside. Now, is it accurate to state that Mallinckrodt made substantial changes to its SOM policy between the 2008 to 2011 time period?

Q. So is it accurate to state that during the 2008 through 2011 time period, Mallinckrodt made substantial revisions to its SOM program?

Q. And would you agree with me that there were substantial changes?

Q. How would you characterize it?

Q. And the changes were made with the intent to improve and enhance the system, as you said; correct?

Q. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as Gillies Exhibit 7. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-007 marked for identification.]

Q. And for the record, this is a document titled suspicious order monitoring team charter, with Bates ending in 496062. So I know earlier we had discussed whether or not you were aware of when Mallinckrodt first began its SOM team. Does this document accurately reflect that the SOM team began on March 28th of 2008?

Q. Sure. Does this document accurately reflect that the SOM team began on March 28th, 2008?

Q. Have you -- at the very beginning of this document -- first of all, it's titled suspicious order monitoring team charter; is that accurate?

Q. Do you recall -- is there a team charter in place currently for the SOM team?

Q. And with respect to this particular document, this indicates, does it not, that the suspicious order monitoring team start date was March 28th, 2008?

Q. Well, I understand the difference between -- well, I understand your point about a program, but the fact that there is a program in place, does that necessarily mean that there was a team in place as well?

Q. And have you seen any documents predating March 28th, 2008, that reflect an official team to the suspicious order monitoring system that Mallinckrodt had?

Q. And so how do you have knowledge regarding the composition of an SOM team prior to March of 2008?

Q. Other than -- and you learned that there was an SOM program through your conversations with Karen Harper; is that accurate?

Q. And you have not seen any documents reflecting an actual SOM program prior to 2008; is that accurate?

Q. You have seen documents reflecting an SOM program prior to 2008?

Q. And separate and apart from whether or not there was an SOM report, did you review or have any understanding in the documents you reviewed in connection with this deposition of the team members that were part of that SOM program?

Q. And do you have an understanding of whether or not there was any written policy governing the SOM program prior to 2008 at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So at least we can agree, for purposes of this document, it indicates that the team's start date for this particular suspicious order monitoring team is as of March 2008; is that accurate?

Q. And the team leader is Karen Harper; is that accurate?

Q. And is it your -- has Karen Harper always been the team leader of the suspicious order monitoring team at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And during what periods of time was she the team leader of the SOM team?

Q. So the record is clear, your testimony is that Karen Harper was the team leader of the SOM program from approximately March of 2008 to 2011?

Q. Was there another suspicious order monitoring team between the 2008 and 2011 time period?

Q. So I'm just trying to get an understanding. When you say of this team, you're referring to this team as outlined in this charter?

Q. Separate and apart from this document -- let's pretend that the document doesn't exist -- how long was Ms. Harper the team leader of the suspicious order monitoring program team at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you know -- do you have any understanding of whether or not she was the team leader prior to 2008?

Q. And how did you gain that understanding?

Q. And did she tell you how long she was the team leader prior to 2008?

Q. And how about after 2011? Did you have any conversations with her about how long she was a team leader of the SOM team after 2011?

Q. Who is the team leader currently of the -- of Mallinckrodt's SOM program?

Q. Okay. And let me just ask you. Do you have an understanding of whether or not the SOM program was updated in March of 2012?

Q. And that update, among other things, changed the structure from a peculiar order classification to an unusual order classification; is that accurate to say?

Q. You have no recollection of what -- well, strike that. So it's your understanding that there was an update to the SOM program in March of 2012; accurate?

Q. Do you have under -- any understanding of what provisions of the SOM program were updated during that time?

Q. And what did that algorithm change consist of?

Q. And when you say 2X, can you please describe to the court -- 2X relative to what?

Q. Let's actually set this document aside. And I'll hand you a copy of what's previously marked as Stewart Exhibit 1.

Q. Which for the record, it ends in Bates 299558. This is a short e-mail exchange, so go ahead and take a look at

Q. Let me know when you're done.

Q. So this e-mail exchange dated April 1st, 2008, involves, among others, Karen Harper, Jim Rausch, and Bill Ratliff; is that correct?

Q. And who was Jim Rausch?

Q. And did he have responsibilities with respect to Mallinckrodt's SOM program?

Q. And what were those responsibilities?

Q. And was he reviewing -- when you say orders, is he reviewing peculiar orders in particular?

Q. And peculiar orders that are triggered under the then-existing algorithm utilized by Mallinckrodt; correct?

Q. Bill Ratliff is also mentioned here. Who is he?

Q. And what responsibilities did he have with respect to the S0M program?

Q. And what were his responsibilities?

Q. And do you know how long he was a member of the S0M team?

Q. While he was employed at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Is it your understanding that he was a member of the S0M team throughout the duration of his employment?

Q. And what about Mr. Rausch? How long was he part of the S0M team?

Q. Now, we can go over some of the details of this e-mail if you'd like, but is this -- is it accurate to state that this is an e-mail that reflects the practice we were describing a moment ago or earlier today regarding Mallinckrodt sending monthly reports to DEA?

Q. In other words, as of April of 2008, Mallinckrodt, and in particular Jim Rausch, is sending monthly peculiar order reports to DEA; is that correct?

Q. And the DEA tells Mr. Ratliff and Mallinckrodt to stop sending those letters; correct?

Q. And in the second paragraph of this e-mail, Mr. Ratliff indicates I advised that we have a conference call planned with Frank Sapienza on Friday to strengthen our suspicious order identification system, end quote. Did I read that correctly?

Q. First of all, who's Frank Sapienza?

Q. And was he an outside contractor retained to advise specifically on SOM obligations?

Q. And I believe he was also retained to advise on other Mallinckrodt DEA obligations such as any responsibilities with respect to quota. Is that accurate?

Q. Now, Mr. Ratliff indicates that as of April 1st, 2008, there is a need to strengthen Mallinckrodt's suspicious order identification system. Do you see that?

Q. So is it accurate to state that as of April of 2008, individuals within the SOM team at Mallinckrodt felt the need to strengthen Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. And is it accurate to state that as of April 2008, individuals in the SOM team specifically felt the need to strengthen Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Now, do you have any understanding of whether or not Mallinckrodt resumed -- well, strike that. Once Mallinckrodt stopped sending monthly reports to DEA, was there any communications with the DEA that Mallinckrodt had regarding which orders were either peculiar or suspicious?

Q. Do you recall seeing any documentation or did you talk with anyone regarding any type of reports that Mallinckrodt sent following its decision to stop sending monthly reports to the DEA in April of 2008?

Q. So that's helpful. So there was a period of time in which reports were not sent to the DEA; is that accurate?

Q. And that period of time was from mid-2008 through 2012; correct?

Q. And do you have a general understanding of when in 2012 that practice resumed?

Q. And in 2012, what did those reports consist of?

Q. And when you say given those reports to you guys, you mean that your counsel has produced those documents in this litigation?

Q. That's okay. And were those -- strike that. Do you have any understanding of why there was -- why Mallinckrodt decided not to send any reports to DEA during that approximate three-and-a-half-year time period?

Q. But eventually Mallinckrodt resumed their practice of sending some sort of report to DEA, as you said, in 2012; right?

Q. So what was it about those reports that satisfied Mallinckrodt sufficient enough to send letters again to the DEA? Or reports. Strike that.

Q. Let me make sure the record is -- poor question. Let me ask it again. There was a three-and-a-half-year time period in which Mallinckrodt did not send monthly excessive order reports to the DEA; correct?

Q. So there was -- during that time period, Mallinckrodt did not send any type of monthly excessive order report to DEA; correct?

Q. And when Mallinckrodt began to send monthly reports again to the DEA, what happened that -- or what happened to reflect the understanding that Mallinckrodt would then be resuming delivery cf order -- monthly order reports to DEA?

Q. So is your complete answer covered by the privilege?

Q. So during the 2012 time period when Mallinckrodt began resuming sending reports tc the DEA, was that when you were part of -- was that after you joined Mallinckrodt?

Q. So then it's safe to say approximately in the summer of 2012 was when Mallinckrodt resumed sending monthly reports to DEA?

Q. And -- but you don't know what those reports consist of?

Q. And separate and apart from your role on the S0M team, you didn't review any of those reports or gain an understanding of what those reports consisted of in preparation for your deposition today?

Q. And when you say you were shown the documents, what documents were you specifically shown in this context?

Q. And you have no recollection of what those reports consisted of right now?

Q. Yeah, you can set that aside. Thank you.

Q. Sorry. Bear with us. Some technical difficulties.

Q. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as Gillies Exhibit 10. And for the record, this is an April 8th, 2008, e-mail between Karen Harper and Bill Ratliff ending in Bates 273892 with an attachment. So earlier today we were discussing whether or not Mallinckrodt had written policies governing its SOM program. Do you recall that?

Q. And you said that you had no recollection of when or whether you've seen any of the written policies with respect to its SOM program. Do you recall that?

Q. Right. And is that -- so this document reflects, as I alluded to earlier, an e-mail from Ms. Harper to Mr. Ratliff attaching an SOM draft policy; is that accurate to say?

Q. Does the attachment contained in this exhibit -- the attachment that is titled DEA compliance procedure, controlled substance suspicious order monitoring -- does this reflect a draft SOM policy of Mallinckrodt?

Q. And in the cover e-mail, there is a reference from Ms. Harper to Mr. Ratliff that she's attaching it for his review; correct?

Q. And that she's making a start or she's making a first pass at a certain document. Is that accurate?

Q. And the first -- one of the documents that she is referencing is in fact this SOM compliance procedure policy; correct?

Q. Yes, the attachment.

Q. So is it accurate to say -- well, let's take a step back. You had indicated earlier that you had reviewed certain documents in preparation for this deposition today and that you had seen some written policies; correct?

Q. Did you review this written policy?

Q. You did not? Okay. Is it accurate -- regardless of whether or not you reviewed this particular one, is it accurate to state that this is a draft of Mallinckrodt's SOM policy?

Q. And this draft is dated -- well, this draft doesn't have a date, but it's circulated on April 1st, 2008; correct?

Q. Yeah, I believe it's April 8th. So --

Q. Thank you for that clarification. So this first draft of Mallinckrodt's SOM program is circulated as of April 8th, 2008; correct?

Q. And in this particular draft policy, you see the reference to peculiar order and suspicious order?

Q. And is there any indication in this particular draft regarding any algorithm of hcw a peculiar order is determined by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Sure. Sure. I'll actually rephrase the question. As of April 8th, 2008, is it accurate to say that Mallinckrodt did not memorialize a particular algorithm for purposes of defining a peculiar order?

Q. And do you have any understanding of whether or not a peculiar order algorithm was memorialized in any way outside of this document as of April of 2008?

Q. In other words, just so the record is clear, as far as you know, as of April of 2008 there was no separate document that governed the definition of what constitutes a peculiar order?

Q. And for purposes of this document, there's no algorithm that's set forth in terms of what constitutes a peculiar order; correct?

Q. And there -- as far as you know, you've not reviewed any other documents during this time period that reflect a written policy memorializing what constitutes a peculiar order; is that accurate?

Q. And other than this draft SOM policy, would Mallinckrodt have any other type of written document that would define the algorithm used for defining a peculiar order?

Q. Now, at the top of this page, in the top right-hand corner there's an indication of effective date and supersede date, and in fact, on top cf that, revision. Do you see those?

Q. And as we discussed earlier, there's no effective date for this because it's a draft, among other reasons, but do you see where it says Revision Number 1?

Q. So would it be fair to say that this is the SOM team's first pass at a written SOM policy?

Q. And with respect to the supersedes date, there's no document that this particular draft is superseding, so that also indicates that this is Mallinckrodt's first pass at a written SOM policy; correct?

Q. Okay. Great. You can set that aside.

Q. Welcome back from the break. In front of you you have what has previously been marked as Stewart Exhibit 13, which I'll represent for the record is titled DEA compliance procedure, controlled substance suspicious order monitoring, ending in Bates 268911. So feel free to look through this if you'd like in detail, but I just have a few questions about this that hopefully you can answer without going through all the doc -- or throughout all the language in it. But again, feel free to go ahead if ycu need to. So this -- the date of this is May 13th, 2008; correct?

Q. And this appears to be a Draft 2; is that accurate?

Q. And did you review this particular draft written policy in connection with preparing fcr this deposition today?

Q. And for this particular draft there is -- consistent with the one that we just looked at from April, there are definitions of peculiar orders and suspicious orders. Do you see that?

Q. And as far as the peculiar order is defined, there's no indication of an algorithm in that particular definition; is that accurate?

Q. Is there any indication in this document of an algorithm or a specific algorithm that Mallinckrodt is utilizing for purposes of defining a peculiar order?

Q. So is it accurate to say that as of May 13th, 2008, there was no algorithm that is mentioned at least for purposes of the draft SOM policy?

Q. And turning to the last page of this document that I believe you were just at, there is a -- there's an indication that the security director and DEA compliance should be responsible for maintaining a file for record retention of suspicious order monitoring documents and reports. Do you see that portion of the draft policy?

Q. And do you have any understanding of whether or not Mallinckrodt did in fact keep some sort of file for record retention of S0M documents and reports?

Q. And in what type of -- what type of retention policy did Mallinckrodt utilize to maintain these types of documents and reports?

Q. So -- well, I'm having trouble understanding. So you believe that Mallinckrodt maintains a record retention policy with respect to S0M documents and reports, but you don't know -- well, strike that. Let's take it one at a time. So Mallinckrodt -- it's your understanding that Mallinckrodt maintains a record retention policy with respect to S0M documents and reports?

Q. And how do you know that?

Q. Do you have any understanding of what time period that covers?

Q. Do you have an understanding of whether or not Mallinckrodt had any kind of formal documentation or record retention policy with respect to SOM documents and reports during the 2008 to 2011 time period?

Q. And what is that recollection based on?

Q. And that -- and what you learned was through review of certain documents that reflected SOM documents and reports; is that accurate to say?

Q. And I'm just trying to get an understanding of what that specifically consisted of, because you're telling me that you reviewed certain things. So what did you review?

Q. Do you want me to repeat my question or rephrase?

Q. What documents did you review to help inform you that Mallinckrodt had a formal document retention policy with respect to its SOM documents and records from the 2008 through 2011 time period?

Q. Yeah, I understand the documents were provided to you, and I'm asking you which documents did you review to help inform you that Mallinckrodt had a formal documentation or document retention policy with respect to its S0M program in the 2008 through 2011 time period?

Q. And which -- let's take the policies and procedures. Which policies and procedures are you referring to?

Q. And let's take the e-mails. Which e-mails -- were there e-mails that actually indicated that there was a formal document retention policy with respect to S0M records and documents from the 2008 and 2011 time period?

Q. So were there -- without discussing the details of the specific e-mails, is it your testimony that you reviewed e-mails that suggested that Mallinckrodt had a formal document retention policy with respect to S0M documents and reports in the 2008 and 2011 time period?

Q. So you don't recall seeing any e-mails that reflect -- so just so the record is clear, yes or no, do you recall reviewing e-mails from the 2008 and 2011 time period that reflect a document retention policy with respect to S0M documents and records?

Q. And then just the last part of ycur answer, you said that you reviewed certain e-mails and policies and procedures and other documents provided to our side. Can you generally describe what that third category consisted of without getting into the details of what was selected by counsel? MR. 0'C0NN0R: Again, you can respond at a very high level.

Q. Other than --

Q. But to be clear, did any of these documents that you review suggest that Mallinckrodt had some sort of formal document or retention policy with respect to Mallinckrodt SOM reports or documents during the 2008-2011 time period?

Q. You can set that one aside. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-009 marked for identification.]

Q. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's -- we're going a little bit out of order, but this is Gillies Exhibit 9. And for the record, this ends in Bates 419993. And so Mr. Gillies, is it accurate to say that this document reflects a Draft 3 published June 2nd, 2008, of Mallinckrodt's SOM policy?

Q. And similar to the question I asked with respect to the prior Draft 2 from May. In the peculiar order definition, there's no indication of an algorithm that Mallinckrodt is utilizing to define a peculiar order; is that correct?

Q. Sure. Well, let me just ask you a narrow question.

Q. On the definitions page at the bottom of the first page.

Q. The definition appears to be similar to the previous two drafts we reviewed; correct?

Q. And in that particular definition of a peculiar order, there's no reference to what the algorithm Mallinckrodt would utilize to define a peculiar order; correct?

Q. Now, going back to the top of this e-mail, in the purpose section, the second sentence states, quote, DEA cannot, will not tell a DEA registrant if an order is legitimate and/or if an order should be shipped. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And it continues to say it is fundamental for sound operations that DEA registrants take reasonable measures to identify their customers, understand the normal and expected transactions typically conducted by those customer, and consequently identify those transactions that are suspicious in nature. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Now, with respect to that second -- or the last sentence that I just read, is it accurate to say that Mallinckrodt has memorialized in this particular draft the understanding that it should know their customers in connection with implementing an SOM program?

Q. And would you also agree with me that this particular language reflects an understanding by Mallinckrodt that they would need to know their customers' transactions that they enter into as well; correct?

Q. And so would you agree with me that this language reflects an understanding by Mallinckrodt that they would need to know the details of the customers' transactions regarding Mallinckrodt opioids?

Q. No, between Mallinckrodt's customer and a pharmacy and/or clinic that the wholesale distributor is dealing with.

Q. And the portion of this policy that states that it is fundamental for the DEA registrant to understand the normal and expected transactions typically conducted by those customer -- what is your understanding of what those transactions consist of?

Q. So is it your understanding that the, quote, normal and expected transactions, end quote, are transactions between Mallinckrodt and its customers?

Q. And so in order -- is it your testimony then that Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring system was only designed to identify the orders that were suspicious as between Mallinckrodt and its distributors?

Q. And do you believe that -- well, let's fast-forward to today's version of Mallinckrodt's SOM program. Doesn't Mallinckrodt's current iteration of the SOM program try and understand where Mallinckrodt pills are going after the transaction occurs between Mallinckrodt and the distributor?

Q. The question is doesn't Mallinckrodt's current iteration of its SOM program try and understand where Mallinckrodt pills are going after the transaction between Mallinckrodt and the distributor?

Q. And so in other words, Mallinckrodt's current iteration of its SOM program tries to understand knowledge of Mallinckrodt's customer's customer; is that accurate?

Q. And turning back to the purpose statement of this particular draft that's dated June of 2008. Is it your testimony that you don't believe this draft policy reflects an understanding of Mallinckrodt to try and know its customer's customer?

Q. I understand that there was no regulation. I'm just talking specifically about this document.

Q. Understood. And are you aware of any -- earlier we had discussed that document that had a chronology that Ms. Harper summarized for you. Do you recall that document?

Q. So we had discussed that you had agreed that Mallinckrodt knew at least as of July 2010 that it had an obligation to know its customer's customer?

Q. So as of -- we had discussed how as of July 2010 you had been advised by the DEA that you should know your customer's customer; correct?

Q. I understand --

Q. -- that your testimony is that there's no regulation or you believe that there's no obligation, but would it be appropriate, Mr. Gillies, if Mallinckrodt did not follow the advice of DEA at the time?

Q. Well, that's not the question I asked.

Q. Is it your test --

Q. Sure. Is it your testimony today that you believe that it would be appropriate to not follow the advice of the DEA to know your customer's customer as of July 2010?

Q. I understand what your testimony is with respect to whether or not there is a regulation, but my question is simply whether or not you believe it would be appropriate for Mallinckrodt to not follow the advice of the DEA regarding its advice that you should know your customer's customer.

Q. You can answer.

Q. Why don't you answer -- try and answer the question first.

Q. Let --

Q. Yeah, let's not take a break.

Q. You can discuss it with your counsel over the lunch break. We can go back on it.

Q. Do you recall seeing any documents or reviewing any documents that suggest that the DEA had advised Mallinckrodt of knowing their customer's customer in the 2008 time period?

Q. Do you recall seeing any documents other than the document that's in front of you which indicates Ms. Harper's comments to you regarding DEA advice regarding knowledge of customer's customer -- strike that. Let me ask again. Prior to 2010, have you seen any documents that reference an obligation or advice by the DEA regarding Mallinckrodt knowing their customer's customer?

Q.

Q. And then going back to the Draft 3 that we were discussing a moment ago.

Q. Now, I know that we had discussed -- first of all, you agree with me that this is a draft; correct?

Q. And if you look, for example, like on Page 4, which we'll turn to here, there are still question marks and blanks with respect to what to include in this particular draft; correct?

Q. And in that particular section at the top of Page 4, I believe there is a reference to an algorithm to try and define a particular peculiar order. Do you see that portion of draft policy?

Q. So is it accurate to say that this particular draft is the first time that Mallinckrodt tries to incorporate reference to an algorithm into its written draft SOM policy?

Q. So is it fair to say that --

Q. I understand that you testified at length that you believe there was an algorithm, but in terms of an actual algorithm being memorialized in writing, do you recall seeing anything prior to June of 2008 that reflects a written memorialization of the algorithm utilized by Mallinckrodt?

Q. You can set this one aside.

Q. We'll move on to Gillies -- now back on track. Gillies Exhibit 11. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-011 marked for identification.]

Q. And for the record, this is titled DEA compliance procedure controlled substance suspicious order monitoring, Draft 4, ending in Bates 296382. So Mr. Gillies, this particular document reflects in the top right-hand corner that it is Draft 4, published July 8th, 2008; correct?

Q. And so this appears to be the fourth iteration of the documents that we've been going over; correct?

Q. And by the way, do you have any understanding of -- well, the originator of this document is Karen Harper. Do you see that?

Q. And I'll represent to you that in the previous three versions that we looked at she was also the originator. Do you have any understanding of who Ms. Harper circulated these draft policies to?

Q. Do you have any understanding of whether or not these draft procedures were circulated to anyone outside of the DEA compliance team?

Q. And who outside of the DEA compliance team were these draft procedures circulated to?

Q. And correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe you told me that he was part of the DEA compliance team, or was he not?

Q. He was just part of the SOM team?

Q. So Bill Ratliff was never part of the DEA compliance team?

Q. I see.

Q. Understood.

Q. Understood. Other than Mr. Ratliff, are you aware of anyone else that these draft DEA compliance procedures would have been circulated to?

Q. Now, in the scope section of this particular draft, there's a reference to the fact that this particular draft applies -- I'll just read it so the record is clear. Scope, applies internally to Covidien customer service group, information services group, DEA compliance, and security for monitoring of controlled substance orders received electronically or manually, bulk or finished dosage products, for all active accounts, new or established, from order placement to shipment. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So focusing on the portion that indicates bulk or finished dosage products, what is the difference -- can you explain to the court what the difference is between the two?

Q. So in other words, is it fair to say that Hobart is where Mallinckrodt converts the actual product into a pill, for example? Is that correct?

Q. And the St. Louis facility is where Mallinckrodt processes and manufactures the raw product; correct?

Q. And so do you have any understanding whether or not Mallinckrodt ever had a separate SOM program with respect to its bulk product relative to its dosage products?

Q. Okay. So that -- to be clear, the address verification form was a feature unique to the bulk SOM program? Is that your testimony?

Q. Through the 222 forms?

Q. And at any time in Mallinckrodt's history, are you aware of whether or not there was a separate bulk SOM program?

Q. I see. So as far as your understanding, Mallinckrodt's SOM program governed both its bulk product and its dosage products; correct?

Q. And at least for purposes of this draft procedure, it seems to make clear that the SOM program is both for bulk and finished dosage products; correct?

Q. For Mallinckrodt's current SOM program, is there any sort of distinction or delineation made between Mallinckrodt bulk and dosage products with respect to SOM?

Q. For purposes of the written policies that Mallinckrodt was attempting to create, is it accurate to say that there is no definition of -- or there's no indication in this document of a specific algorithm that's utilized for purposes of identifying a peculiar order?

Q. So as of July 8th, 2008, is it accurate to state that Mallinckrodt had not yet incorporated an algorithm into its suspicious order monitoring draft policy?

Q. So is it -- and my question was different.

Q. As of July -- yes or no -- as of July 8th, 2008, is it accurate to state that Mallinckrodt had not yet incorporated an algorithm into its suspicious order monitoring draft policy?

Q. And what was your understanding of what the established criteria was as of July 8th, 2008?

Q. So you don't have an understanding of what -- your testimony is that you don't have an understanding of what that algorithm consisted of, but you believe that there was an algorithm that was utilized at the time?

Q. And separate and apart from whether or not there was an algorithm utilized, for purposes of this particular document, the algorithm is not spelled out in this particular draft policy; correct?

Q. You can set that one aside.

Q. And I'll hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as Gillies Exhibit 12. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-012 marked for identification.]

Q. And for the record, Gillies Exhibit 12 is -- ends in Bates 4154292. And Mr. Gillies, this is -- this particular draft procedure is dated November 4th, 2009; correct?

Q. And unlike -- well, first of all, have you reviewed a procedure like this before?

Q. And this particular procedure, unlike the ones that we were going over a moment ago with respect to SOM algorithms or criteria in particular, this one governs the new and existing customer account setups and ongoing reviews; is that accurate to say?

Q. And if we go on, the purpose of this document -- one of the purposes of this document is to establish a procedure outlining the process for monitoring new controlled substance customer accounts and ongoing review of existing controlled substance customer accounts. You see that?

Q. So did Mallinckrodt have -- prior to November of 2009, are you aware of any written policies or procedures governing the process for monitoring new and existing customer accounts of Mallinckrodt?

Q. Does the current iteration of Mallinckrodt's SOM program have any written policy or procedure related to new and existing customer accounts?

Q. Are you aware, in addition to -- so obviously this is -- well, if you look at Page 3 of this document, there are some question marks --

Q. -- with respect to what the policy should say. So this reflects that this is a draft; correct?

Q. Would you agree with me that a document that includes some question marks would not be a final or formal policy?

Q. And I know I asked you about prior to this time period, but following November of 2009, do you recall seeing any written policies or procedures governing existing customer accounts or new customer accounts?

Q. And when -- approximately when were those policies in place?

Q. At some point after 2009, though; correct?

Q. And approximately how many policies have you either reviewed or has Mallinckrodt implemented since 2009?

Q. So in addition to -- well, Mallinckrodt had certain policies and procedures with respect to its SOM program, as we discussed; correct?

Q. And in addition to those policies and procedures, did Mallinckrodt also have other policies and procedures in place with respect to its duties under the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. And one of those policies and procedures is reflected by this draft policy; correct?

Q. Well, let's take a step back to the question I asked before.

Q. You had indicated that there were certain policies and procedures in place with respect to Mallinckrodt's duties under the CSA; correct?

Q. And what did those policies and procedures consist of other than those governing its SOM obligations?

Q. Anything else?

Q. Do you know whether or not Mallinckrodt had any policies and procedures with respect to its customer audit programs?

Q. And was there ever a time when Mallinckrodt had a policy or procedure with respect to specific customer accounts that it had deemed to be potentially suspicious?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. You can set this one aside, and I want to -- before breaking for lunch, let's just go over one more document.

Q. This will be Gillies Exhibit 13. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-013 marked for identification.]

Q. For the record, this ends in Bates 4154297. And this particular document is dated November 4th, 2009. Do you see that, Mr. Gillies?

Q. And this -- the subject of this particular policy is identification and review of peculiar orders, controlled substance suspicious order monitoring program. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And Karen Harper continues to be the originator of this document?

Q. And turning your attention to the second page of this document, there's a reference to the 2X algorithm or criteria that we were discussing previously; correct?

Q. And the specific definition of a peculiar order as defined by this policy is an order that is two times the average amount of product ordered during the previous 18 months by DEA reporting class; correct?

Q. So is it accurate to say that as of November 2009 -- or strike that. Is it accurate to say that November 2009 is the first time there is mention of a specific algorithm that will be utilized to determine whether or not an order is peculiar in an S0M written policy?

Q. Did you recall seeing any other documents prior that predate November of 2009 that memorialize the written -- or that memorialize the algorithm that Mallinckrodt was going to utilize for purposes of defining a peculiar order?

Q. For purposes of -- I see what you're saying, but for purposes -- I'm just asking fcr purposes of defining a peculiar order in the draft written policy, is this the first time you see a reference made to an algorithm?

Q. Correct.

Q. And in the prior drafts that we had seen, there was no mention to the specific algorithm that was being utilized for purposes of defining a peculiar order; correct?

Q. And this particular algorithm or formula that is being utilized -- does this refresh your recollection at all as to how long prior to November 2009 Mallinckrodt may have been utilizing this formula?

Q. Welcome back from lunch, Mr. Gillies.

Q. Before we broke, we were discussing Exhibit 13, and I just had a couple follow-up questions before we move on to the next exhibit. Can you turn to the top of Page 3? And at the top of Page 3 there's a reference to -- there's a Number 4, and there's a reference to reviewing the order based on the criteria. Do you see that?

Q. And then there's some language that says, quote, we should probably rephrase this to something like place the order in appropriate hold status while being evaluated, end quote. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And so does that -- does this language indicate that this version is still in draft form?

Q. So this particular document dated 11-4-2009 regarding Mallinckrodt's controlled substance suspicious order monitoring program appears to be a draft; is that fair to say?

Q. You can set that one aside. And I'm going to now hand you a copy of what will be marked as Gillies Exhibit -- [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-014 marked for identification.]

Q. This is one document, which for the record is a cover e-mail and an attachment, and the cover e-mail is Bates MNK-T1 0000264240. And then the attachment ends in 264260, and I'll represent for the record and for counsel there are a series of attachments to this cover e-mail, and this, for efficiency purposes, is just one of the attachments that's referenced in the e-mail.

Q. First let's turn to the policy -- the draft policy ending in 260. This particular policy is dated October 29th, 2010; correct?

Q. And again, this is a policy that governs Mallinckrodt's SOM program; is that accurate?

Q. And in the prior version that we were -- if you go to the -- if you turn to Page 2 of this policy.

Q. Yeah, the one I just gave you.

Q. Sorry. I was just giving your counsel an extra copy.

Q. Page 2 of this policy has a reference to peculiar order like the other ones; correct?

Q. And here you have a definition of a peculiar order as being one that is, quote, controlled substance order that meets an internal established criteria of 3X the average amount of product ordered during the previous 12 months by DEA reporting class. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And so in the prior version we just looked at, the peculiar order algorithm was 2X the average amount of product ordered during the prior 18 months by DEA reporting class; correct?

Q. So does this policy reflect a revision in the peculiar order algorithm to 3X the prior 12-month order history?

Q. And do you have any understanding of why this change occurred with respect to Mallinckrodt's peculiar order algorithm?

Q. And this outside DEA consultant, was that Mr. Sapienza?

Q. Sapienza? Okay. And other than Mr. Sapienza, did Mallinckrodt obtain any other advice with respect to changing the algorithm from 2X to 3X?

Q. And so in addition to changing the formula from 2X to 3X the average amount, the time period that's reviewed is decreased from 18 months to 12 months as well; correct?

Q. And so again, just so the record is clear, your testimony is that the intent behind doing this was to minimize the amount of peculiar order reports that were being produced?

Q. And the reason why you moved down from 18 months to 12 months and up from 2X to 3X is to, as you say, tighten up the amount of orders that were reported under the peculiar order standard?

Q. Now, turning to the cover e-mail that attaches this particular document, there's an e-mail from Karen Harper to Howard Davis dated November 18th, 2010. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know who Howard Davis is?

Q. And was he another outside consultant that Mallinckrodt hired on a contract basis to specifically advise Mallinckrodt regarding its suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Do you have any understanding of what other reasons he may have been retained for?

Q. And separate and apart from the contract, do you have any understanding of what services Howard Davis provided when he was retained as an outside consultant outside of advice he gave on Mallinckrodt's SOM program?

Q. No, I'm only talking about with respect to work he did for Mallinckrodt.

Q. So let me rephrase. Because in response to my question a moment ago, you were referencing the contract.

Q. And I don't mean to put you through a memory test of what the contract may or may not have said. I'm just simply asking you do you recall whether or not Mallinckrodt utilized Mr. Davis for any other purpose outside of advising Mallinckrodt regarding its suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. So it's fair to say that the primary reason why Mallinckrodt retained Mr. Davis was to advise -- was for Mr. Davis to advise Mallinckrodt regarding its SOM program; correct?

Q. At the beginning of this e-mail, Ms. Harper states Howard, please revise the QSP order monitoring document incorporating recent program enhancements with recent activities. Do you see that portion of the e-mail?

Q. And do you have an understanding of what QSP order monitoring document is referring to?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that Ms. Harper is not asking Mr. Davis to revise the SOM policy that we were just looking at that's included as an attachment to this exhibit?

Q. Fair enough.

Q. Do you have -- sure. Do you have any understanding of whether or not Mr. Davis was ever specifically asked to revise a Mallinckrodt suspicious order monitoring policy?

Q. Let me quickly hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as Gillies Exhibit 15. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-015 marked for identification.]

Q. And I apologize. I do believe this exhibit has been referenced in other documents, but for purposes of today we'll just go ahead and call it Gillies Exhibit 15. And it reflects a November 2nd, 2010, memorandum from Howard Davis to Karen Harper ending in Bates 269399. Mr. Gillies, does this document look familiar to you?

Q. Is this a document that you reviewed in preparation for this deposition today? MR. 0'C0NN0R: You can answer generally whether you've reviewed it.

Q. And in this document, Mr. Davis makes reference to a certain document titled Mallinckrodt standard operating procedure SOPC hyphen six --

Q. -- comp 3.0. Do you see that?

Q. Sure. I may have misspoke.

Q. Let me be clear.

Q. So the record is clear, Mr. Davis states, quote, reference is made to Mallinckrodt standard operating procedure SOPC-S comp 3.0 --

Q. -- entitled identification and review of peculiar orders.

Q. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Is it fair to say that Mr. Davis is referencing the standard operating procedure referenced as part of Exhibit 14 that we just looked at a moment ago?

Q. And you understood both in your review of this memorandum and in your preparations that Mr. Davis did indeed review certain SOM procedures and policies of Mallinckrodt; correct?

Q. And this memorandum reflects his review and advice to Karen Harper regarding this particular SOM policy; correct?

Q. That's all the questions I have on that. Set that one aside. By the way, do you have any understanding of how long Mr. Davis was retained as an outside consultant for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you -- I'm trying to get an understanding of what you mean by short time. Do you recall whether or not it was half a year? Are you talking a year? Do you have any understanding of how long he was actually retained?

Q. Less than a year? By the way, do you know who Mr. Davis is?

Q. You didn't know him -- did you know him -- at the time you joined Mallinckrodt in 2012, did you know of Howard Davis?

Q. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as or has been marked as Gillies Exhibit 16. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-016 marked for identification.]

Q. And I just have a few questions about this. For the record, this is a document ending in Bates 264275, and it is the global controlled substance compliance procedure as of January 4th, 2011. And you see, Mr. Gillies, that this is -- continues to be another version of the -- of Mallinckrodt's SOM policy; is that fair to say?

Q. And it's dated January 4th, 2011?

Q. And for this particular draft or version, the peculiar order definition remains the same as the previous version we looked at; correct?

Q. So just so the record is clear, as of January of 2011, the peculiar order algorithm utilized by Mallinckrodt was a criteria reflecting three times the average amount of the product ordered during the previous 12 months by DEA reporting class; correct?

Q. You can set that one aside. I'm now going to hand you a copy of what will be marked as Gillies Exhibit 17, which for the record is a cover e-mail from April 7th, 2011, ending in Bates 264199. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-017 marked for identification.]

Q. And an attachment ending in 264199.

Q. Just a few questions on this as well. Turn to the attachment.

Q. The attachment ended in Bates 264200.

Q. I may have misspoke. Yeah, you're right. The cover e-mail ends in 199.

Q. The attachment ends in 200.

Q. Yeah. Thank you for that clarification. So this is another version or draft of Mallinckrodt's SOM written policy dated March 28th, 2011; correct?

Q. And by this, just so the record is clear, I'm referring to the document ending in Bates 200. And turning to the next page, again you see a definition of peculiar order; correct?

Q. And the definition of a peculiar order remains unchanged from the prior two versions; correct?

Q. So as of March 28th, 2011, the formula utilized by Mallinckrodt to determine whether or not an order was peculiar was to determine whether or not the order was three times the average amount of product ordered during the previous 12 months by DEA reporting class; correct?

Q. And going back to the cover e-mail ending in 199, I believe there's a reference made to a --

Q. Well, let me ask it this way. So there's

Q. And is it fair to say that Karen is asking Eileen to make some revisions to this particular policy? Correct?

Q. Sure. In the underlying e-mail dated March 30th, 2011, Karen is asking Eileen to make some revisions to this particular document; correct?

Q. Okay. Fair enough.

Q. In the April -- in the corresponding April 7th e-mail from Eileen to Karen --

Q. -- Eileen appears to make some additions to the document; is that correct?

Q. So does this e-mail reflect that the attachment ending in Bates 200 is a draft written policy of Mallinckrodt's SOM program?

Q. I understand that. But as it relates to this particular -- I have a specific question with respect to this policy --

Q. -- that's attached to this particular e-mail.

Q. This document that ends in Bates 200 appears to be a draft SOM policy of Mallinckrcdt; correct?

Q. So I'll represent to you that this attachment that is referenced in Eileen's e-mail to Karen is in fact the attachment that's part of this e-mail.

Q. And so with that representation, would you agree with me that the policy dated March 28th, 2011, ending in dash 200 is a draft version of Mallinckrodt's SOM policy, or is it your belief -- or you can't answer that question?

Q. Fair enough.

Q. Do you know -- have you seen -- in any of the review of your documents in preparation for this deposition, have you ever seen an SOM written policy in this time period of March 28th, 2011, that reflects a formal written policy of Mallinckrodt?

Q. And who informed you that the particular version that you may have looked at was in fact the formal policy regarding Mallinckrodt's SOM program?

Q. I see. We can set that one aside.

Q. We will now go over what's been marked as Gillies Exhibit 18. Excuse me. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-018 marked for identification.]

Q. And for the record, this ends in Bates 259166, and this is titled Mallinckrodt suspicious order monitoring procedure dated August 8th, 2011. On this particular document, the originator continues to be Karen Harper. Do you see that?

Q. And it indicates that she is senior manager of controlled substance compliance; correct?

Q. And earlier I know you had said that you were unaware of whether or not there was controlled substance compliance group. Does this refresh your recollection at all that there was in fact such a group at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. So is it your understanding that there were certain times at Mallinckrodt where the DEA compliance group was also referred to as the controlled substance compliance group?

Q. And you have no recollection of whether or not there was an actual or formal group called the controlled substance compliance group at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you have any understanding -- or did you review any documents that predate August 2011 that may have referenced a controlled substance compliance group?

Q. But -- and your testimony is that you believe them to be essentially synonymous; is that correct?

Q. And for this particular document, if you look at the top of Page 2, the definition of peculiar order is again set forth. Do you see that?

Q. And as with the previous three versions that we have looked at, the definition of a peculiar order remains unchanged. Is that accurate?

Q. So as of August 8th, 2011, so the record is clear, Mallinckrodt utilized a peculiar order algorithm which identified a peculiar order as one being an order that was three times the average amount of product ordered by -- or ordered during the previous 12 months by DEA reporting class; correct?

Q. Set that one aside. Move on to what's going to be marked as Gillies Exhibit 19. And this document ends in Bates 571916. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-019 marked for identification.]

Q. So earlier today we had discussed the fact that Mallinckrodt had a two-tier or sometimes three-tier structure in identifying suspicious orders; correct?

Q. And in all of the documents that we just looked at and all the policies, the definition of a peculiar order -- or excuse me -- the tier system in identifying a suspicious order included an initial determination of whether or not an order was peculiar; correct?

Q. And at some point in time Mallinckrodt moved to a definition -- or strike that. At some point in time Mallinckrodt removed the definition of a peculiar order for purposes of identifying a suspicious order; is that accurate?

Q. You have no recollection of whether or not Mallinckrodt had moved to a definition of an unusual order for purposes of identifying a suspicious order?

Q. And that occurred in generally the late 2011, early 2012 time period; correct?

Q. And this particular document -- it's not in the same format as all those other policies, but it's titled modifications to procedures for identification and review of unusual orders. Correct?

Q. And it appears to be dated December 8th, 2011?

Q. And there's a description -- we don't need to go over in detail, but there's a description of how the then-existing algorithm worked for identifying suspicious orders. Is that fair to say?

Q. And the change -- is it accurate to say that this document reflects a description of how Mallinckrodt is moving from a peculiar order classification or system to an unusual order system?

Q. And in this document, there's an indication that, quote, target date for go live for the unusual order detection system is March 1st, 2012. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Do you have any reason to dispute that the unusual order detection system was in fact implemented at some point in early 2012?

Q. And can you explain to the court what the difference is between -- or can you explain to the court why there was a change made to the unusual order system?

Q. You don't have an understanding cf why Mallinckrodt changed from a peculiar order system to an unusual system?

Q. So was this just a matter of changing terminology?

Q. And here there's a reference made I believe for the first time to the three-tier system that you were alluding to earlier. Do you see reference to that?

Q. And can you describe what those three tiers were?

Q. Okay. And approximately how long was this three-tier system utilized?

Q. In the 2012 time period?

Q. And turning back to this document, there actually is a reference made underneath the general section we were just looking at about the tiers. Do you see that -- Tier 1?

Q. And then there's Tier 2 and 3 later on?

Q. In Tier 1 -- and I appreciate the response that you gave, but Tier 1 seems to reflect what you had just described; correct?

Q. In other words, Mallinckrodt was trying to design an SOM program that would focus on oxy 15s and oxy 30s; correct?

Q. And in particular -- strike that. In addition, Mallinckrodt was also trying to design an SOM program that was specifically focused on ABC, Cardinal, McKesson, and H.D. Smith; correct?

Q. And earlier you had said the big three plus H.D. Smith. These are the four distributors that were customers of Mallinckrodt that it was focusing on for purposes of its SOM program at this time; correct?

Q. And in your description that you gave a moment ago regarding Tiers 2 and 3, that seems to be a little different than what's referred to in this particular document.

Q. And here -- in particular, this document indicates that Tier 2 is, quote, an enhanced standard algorithm designed to restrict increases over time that will apply to orders from all other customers of SKUs identified by DEA as particularly subject to diversion and abuse. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Do you know whether or not that particular tier was ever utilized in connection with Mallinckrodt's SOM program?

Q. Fair enough. And take your time to read that. I'll let you review that.

Q. Sure. Was the description contained in this particular exhibit regarding Tier 2 ever utilized or memorialized in a Mallinckrodt SOM policy?

Q. And approximately when was that?

Q. And was it --

Q. And in fact, the procedure outlined here with respect to Tier 2 and Tier 3 -- is it your testimony that those tiers were in fact utilized as of March of 2012?

Q. You can set that document aside. I'm going to hand you what's just been marked as Gillies Exhibit 20. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-020 marked for identification.]

Q. And this document ends in Bates 2357607, and it is titled identification and an investigation of unusual orders of controlled substances and reports of suspicious orders of controlled substances. Do you see that?

Q. There's no date on this particular document, but there is a reference in the top right-hand corner that says that it's new. Dc you see that?

Q. And I know you said earlier that you've reviewed some SOM policies in preparation for this deposition. Do you recall reviewing this SOM policy?

Q. And is this the policy -- so a moment ago we were talking about the unusual order system, the target date for that system to go live as of March of 2012. Does this particular policy reflect the new revised system that Mallinckrodt implemented at that time?

Q. And in this particular document there are definitions made to unusual order and suspicious order. Do you see that?

Q. And similar to some of the prior policies that we were discussing earlier today that first determined whether an order was peculiar and then subsequently analyzed for whether or not the order was suspicious, here we have a multitiered approach as well that distinguishes between an unusual order and a suspicious order; correct?

Q. And an unusual order is one -- well, let me read it so that the record is clear. An unusual order. An order received by Mallinckrodt directly from a customer for a Schedule II through V controlled substance product which exceeds the internal limit set by the application of the three-tiered system of specifically-created algorithms defined in this policy. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And that three-tiered system is defined later on in 4.3 through 4.5 of the definitions, correct, on the first page?

Q. So in other words, if through analysis of Tiers 1 through 3 an order is triggered as being unusual, it would warrant further investigation to determine whether or not an order was suspicious sufficient to notify the DEA; correct?

Q. We can set that one aside. I'm going to hand you now a copy of what will be marked as Gillies Exhibit 21, which is a cover e-mail from Eileen to Karen Harper dated September 20th, 2012, together with an attachment that begins on Bates 7728782. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-021 marked for identification.]

Q. So before -- we can look at the cover e-mail in a moment, but looking at the policy itself, this appears to be another written policy of Mallinckrodt's S0M program; is that correct?

Q. And there's no date, similar to the one we just looked at, but the cover e-mail for this particular attachment is from September of 2012; correct?

Q. So in September of 2012 Mallinckrodt is making revisions to its S0M policy; correct?

Q. And in the definitions section, there is -- you see that there is a reference to Tiers 1 and 2 but not Tier 3?

Q. And so earlier when we had discussed the period of time in which there was a three-tiered structure and it moved back to a two-tiered structure, is it your recollection that by September of 2012 Mallinckrodt had a two-tiered structure to identify whether an order was unusual?

Q. And so is it fair to say from March of 2012 through September of 2012, Mallinckrodt utilized a three-tiered structure to analyze whether an order was unusual?

Q. And after moving back to two tiers to define an unusual order, has there been any point in time from 2012 to present in which Mallinckrodt utilized anything other than a two-tiered structure to determine whether or not an order was unusual?

Q. And if we examine the -- this particular draft, there is no reference made to suspicious order. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. I guess I meant to say in the prior version there was a clear definition of an unusual order and a clear definition of suspicious order; correct?

Q. And in this version the definition for suspicious order is removed; correct?

Q. And in the two-tiered system that now comprises the unusual orders algorithm, do you have an understanding of why that change was made from three tiers back down to two?

Q. And so in other words -- well, how was it incorporated?

Q. I see. And so when you say that there were few, if any, that fell into the Tier 3 category, that was the Tier 3 category that was in existence from March of 2012 through September of 2012?

Q. And with respect to Tier 2, the standard algorithm is referenced as follows. 3X the average number of orders of a product during the previous 18 months by the customer, and, B, 3X the average volume of product ordered during the previous 18 months by the customer. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And so what's different about this particular algorithm is that there's an increase in the time period; is that correct?

Q. From 12 months to 18 months?

Q. And there's -- what I want to understand and make sure I have correct is that there's reference made to both the average number of orders and the average number of volume. Do you see that?

Q. So in order to trigger this algorithm referenced in Tier 2, did the order have to be both three times the average number of orders and three times the average of volume in order to trigger the unusual orders algorithm set forth in this policy?

Q. And prior -- it's fair to say that prior to two thousand -- September of 2012, Mallinckrodt did not utilize or did not investigate into the total average volume of a product that was ordered during a prior time period?

Q. Did you ever see reference to any written SOM policy prior to September of 2012 that incorporated historical overview of the average volume of a product ordered by a particular customer?

Q. And in this document, the Tier 1 sets forth a tier devoted to oxy 15s and oxy 30s by certain distributors; correct?

Q. And --

Q. Right. And there was -- well, explain to the court why it was important for Mallinckrodt to focus on oxy 15s and oxy 30s and set that apart for purposes of its SOM policy.

Q. And by largest customers you mean ABC, McKesson, Cardinal, and H.D. Smith?

Q. And what about with respect to oxy 15s and oxy 30s? Were -- was that the primary -- or did those prescription opioids reflect the majority of drugs manufactured by Mallinckrodt during this time?

Q. Is it accurate to state that following the August 2011 meeting that we had discussed before with the DEA, the DEA was particularly concerned about diversion of oxy 15s and oxy 30s of -- manufactured by Mallinckrodt; correct?

Q. Fair enough. Mallinckrodt manufactures oxy 15s and oxy 30s; correct?

Q. And Mallinckrodt has been manufacturing those products for -- since at least the mid-2000s; correct?

Q. And when you said a moment ago that -- when you were talking about your recollection of what the DEA said, that was through your review of documents; correct?

Q. In other words, I mean, you weren't at the meeting?

Q. That predates your --

Q. -- employment with Mallinckrodt; correct?

Q. And so going back to this document, there is obviously a specific reference made to oxy 15s and oxy 30s; correct?

Q. And so why was it the case that Mallinckrodt had designated a specific tier in its SOM policy for oxy 15s and oxy 30s?

Q. So as a result of DEA's -- is it fair to say as a result of DEA's increased scrutiny on oxy 15s and oxy 30s, Mallinckrodt decided to designate those particular drugs as part of its SOM written policy?

Q. And this particular document indicates that, quote, these products have been identified by DEA as particularly subject to diversion and abuse, end quote. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Were there any other drugs that the -- prior to 2012 that the DEA had informed Mallinckrodt of being subject to diversion and abuse?

Q. Do you know whether or not the DEA had informed Mallinckrodt that the methadone that it was manufacturing was subject to diversion and abuse?

Q. You have no knowledge of that, or you believe --

Q. You're not aware of that? Okay. In addition to oxy 15s and oxy 30s, Mallinckrodt manufactured other prescription °plaids; correct?

Q. Including from the hydrocodone and hydromorphone molecules?

Q. And do you recall prior to 2012 whether or not the DEA had any communications with Mallinckrodt regarding whether or not these products were subject to diversion and abuse?

Q. No, you don't have any recollection of those communications?

Q. But you don't know whether or not they happened one way or the other?

Q. Got it.

Q. And what about following September 2012? Did Mallinckrodt have any discussions with DEA regarding the diversion and abuse potential of any hydrocodone or hydromorphone products?

Q. During what time period?

Q. And when approximately?

Q. So shortly after?

Q. I see. So fair to say that in the fall of 2012, Mallinckrodt communicated with the DEA regarding the diversion and abuse potential of its hydrocodone and hydromorphone products?

Q. I understand.

Q. Sure. And that's a fair clarification of the record.

Q. Mallinckrodt did in fact manufacture certain hydrocodone and hydromorphone products; correct?

Q. And it's your testimony today -- is it an accurate reflection of your testimony that Mallinckrodt communicated with the DEA regarding the abuse and diversion potential of hydrocodone and hydromorphone products in general?

Q. You can set that one aside. And by the way, with respect to hydrocodone and hydromorphone, did those discussions about the abuse and diversion potential of those products -- how long did they last?

Q. Fair enough. Did you -- when you began having discussions with the DEA about the hydro -- about the abuse and diversion potential of hydromorphone and hydrocodone, how -- do you recall how many meetings with the DEA Mallinckrodt had on this topic?

Q. And do you recall for what time period these discussions covered?

Q. And do you recall any discussions with the DEA regarding the abuse and diversion potential of hydrocodone and hydromorphone following early 2013?

Q. Here is a copy of what's going tc be marked as Gillies Exhibit 22. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-022 marked for identification.]

Q. And for the record, this document ends in Bates 7476261, and it is entitled identification investigation reports of controlled substances suspicious orders, effective date October 18th, 2012. Do you recall reviewing this document in preparation for this deposition today?

Q. For this particular -- let me take a step back. Did you review any written policies regarding Mallinckrodt's SOM procedure in preparation for your deposition today?

Q. Which ones?

Q. Did review of those documents help refresh your recollection at all as to Mallinckrodt's SOM policies over time?

Q. And I'm not. I'm simply asking whether or not review of certain SOM written policies that you claim you have reviewed help refresh your recollection regarding SO -- Mallinckrodt's SOM system.

Q. And which specific documents did you review?

Q. So just so the record is clear, Mr. Gillies, you did review specific written policies regarding Mallinckrodt's SOM program; correct?

Q. And do you recall approximately how many you reviewed?

Q. Was it more than five?

Q. So you reviewed -- was it more than three?

Q. And for what time period did those policies span?

Q. But you reviewed no more than five written policies for a time period you don't recall, is that accurate, in connection with preparing for this deposition?

Q. And you don't recall reviewing -- as we discussed earlier, you don't recall reviewing this particular one; correct?

Q. How about outside of the preparation for the deposition, do you recall ever seeing any Mallinckrodt written SOM policies?

Q. Which ones?

Q. You do recall reviewing this one, then, but not --

Q. And you recall --

Q. Okay. We'll get -- that segues into a few of the questions that I want to ask about this. This is -- this document reflects that you are part of the SOM leadership team; correct?

Q. And was this the first document that you became -- or the first SOM policy that you became involved in after you joined Mallinckrodt?

Q. So prior to this date you had reviewed some other drafts or policies; correct?

Q. And for this particular version of the SOM policy, there is a definition of suspicious order. Do you see that -- in 4.1?

Q. And there's no -- the definition of an unusual order is removed; correct?

Q. But regardless of the names of the definition, the two-tiered structure for determining whether or not an order may potentially be suspicious remains the same from the prior version we looked at; correct?

Q. And going back to the SOM leadership team, we see that it's comprised of Don Lohman, you, John Gillies, Gail Tetzlaff, who you I believe referred to before, and Karen Harper.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Was that the same leadership structure that was in place when you joined Mallinckrodt in June of 2012?

Q. And I believe you -- again, you referred to Gail before, and you referred to the SOM leadership team, but I want to understand clearly whether or not this -- well, strike that. Since 2012 to present, has the composition of the SOM leadership team changed at all?

Q. In what way has it changed?

Q. And who are they?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. And do you recall when Mr. Tilly was added to the SOM leadership team?

Q. And how about the other individual who you don't recall? Do you have any understanding of when she or he was added to the team?

Q. So recently?

Q. So fair to say from 2012 through 2018 the composition of the SOM leadership team were the four individuals listed here and Mr. Tilly at some point?

Q. You can set that aside. I'm now going to hand you a copy of what will be marked as -- cr what has been marked as Gillies Exhibit 23. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-023 marked for identification.]

Q. For the record, this ends in Bates 5620500. And this is a document titled identification, investigation, and reports of controlled substances suspicious orders, effective date November 1st, 2012. Do you see that?

Q. And it appears to supersede the prior version that we just looked at from October 18th, 2012?

Q. And I just have a quick question on this document.

Q. Here in Tier 2, there's an adjustment made to the algorithm. Is that accurate?

Q. And the specific adjustment that is made is from -- down from 3X to two-and-a-half X of the previous 18-month average number of orders in volume; correct?

Q. And why was this change made?

Q. And it's my understanding that the -- is it the case that the two-and-a-half times the prior 18-month average order in volume is the current system in place as well?

Q. So is it accurate to say that from November 2012 to present the algorithm to detect suspicious order has not changed?

Q. And just so the record is clear, the -- in this particular document, the special attention on oxy 15s and 30s distributed by Mallinckrodt's major customers remains to be in the policy; correct?

Q. And in the current iteration of the SOM policy, does that Tier 1 still exist?

Q. I'm sorry.

Q. Yeah, I'm sorry if I confused you. In the current iteration of Mallinckrodt's SOM policy today, is there still special attention given to oxy 15s and oxy 30s?

Q. And is there still special attention given to oxy 15s and 30s distributed by ABC, McKesson, Cardinal, and H.D. Smith?

Q. Okay. Thank you. You can set that aside.

Q. Welcome back from the break. This is the home stretch, at least with respect to my questioning, Mr. Gillies, so thank you for your patience today.

Q. I'm going to hand you -- or you have in front of you a copy of what's been marked as Gillies Exhibit --

Q. -- 24. And for the record, this document ends in Bates 511246, and it is titled identification, investigation, and reports of controlled substances suspicious orders, and the effective date is August 17th, 2015, in the top right-hand corner. Do you see that, Mr. Gillies? [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-024 marked for identification.]

Q. Did you review this particular policy in preparation for your deposition today?

Q. And this particular document seems to indicate that it's superseding a prior version dated March 7th, 2013. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall whether or not you reviewed the March 7th, 2013, S0M policy?

Q. And do you know whether or not Mallinckrodt's current S0M policy is -- well, strike that. Do you have any understanding of whether or not this version that we're looking at is Mallinckrodt's current S0M written policy?

Q. Do you know -- have you seen recently Mallinckrodt's written S0M policy?

Q. And do you know what approximate effective date that particular document has?

Q. But it's your understanding that there may be one that postdates August 17th, 2015; is that correct?

Q. And no more than that additional one; correct? In other words, have you seen -- outside of the document that postdates August 17th, 2015, have you seen any other additional SOM written policies other than that version?

Q. But you don't have an understanding of when those effective -- when the effective dates of those written policies were; correct?

Q. Now, turning to this particular document, I just have a few questions on this.

Q. Here we have an identification of who is on the SOM team but not any names. Do you see that in Section 4.5?

Q. And there is also an indication of a senior data analyst being part of the team.

Q. You see that? And does that refresh your recollection at all that there were, in addition to Mr. Tilly and perhaps the other individual who you don't recall was added in 2018, does that refresh your recollection as to an additional member of the SOM team as of 2015?

Q. And who was this particular individual?

Q. And she currently is still with Mallinckrodt; correct?

Q. Did she recently leave Mallinckrodt?

Q. When did she leave Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you have an approximate time -- do you have a general understanding of the approximate time period in which she left?

Q. So maybe around the time of this -- effective date of this document?

Q. Fair enough. Who took over or who was Jennifer's predecessor?

Q. In other words, you don't know if -- prior to Jennifer being the SOM data analyst and being on the SOM leadership team, that position was not in existence at Mallinckrodt? Is that your testimony?

Q. Yeah. No, and I can see I was confusing because I was initially going to ask who took over for Jen, but I also wanted to get an understanding --

Q. -- of who was in place, if anyone, before Jen.

Q. So I apologize. So the record is clear, was there a senior data analyst for the SOM program prior to Jennifer?

Q. And what were Jennifer's roles and responsibilities as a senior data analyst for the S0M team?

Q. And the purpose of her review was to determine whether or not the peculiar or unusual order would be suspicious sufficient to notify the DEA; correct?

Q. And after Jennifer left in the 2015 time period, who took over for her as a senior data analyst?

Q. I see. And what was that new position?

Q. Does that new position currently exist as part of the S0M leadership team that you're a part of?

Q. Got it. And who is that individual that plays the role of the new position that you don't recall the title of?

Q. I see. And generally speaking, what are her responsibilities?

Q. With respect to the chargebacks, what is your understanding of what the chargeback data consisted of or consists of today?

Q. And Mallinckrodt is currently utilizing that chargeback data in connection with its SOM program; correct?

Q. And Mallinckrodt has in the past utilized the chargeback data in connection with its SOM program; correct?

Q. And I believe Mallinckrodt began utilizing this information as early as 2010. Is that accurate to state?

Q. And Mallinckrodt has been paying distributors chargeback amounts pursuant to agreements it has with the distributors for as long as -- well, strike that. Do you have an understanding of when Mallinckrodt first entered into an agreement with a distributor whereby Mallinckrodt would pay chargeback amounts to its customers?

Q. Do you have any recollection of whether that was before or after 2005?

Q. Turning back to this document. Here we have -- I know we have talked about the difference between two tiers and three tiers.

Q. But here we have a reference to three tiers. Do you see that?

Q. And I know -- so earlier you said that you believe that beginning in 2012 Mallinckrodt had utilized just the two-tier system; correct?

Q. So does this refresh your recollection at all that Mallinckrodt actually moved back to a three-tier system at some point in time?

Q. And currently as it stands now, however, there is just a two-tier system; correct?

Q. And when did -- how long has Mallinckrodt's two-tier system been in effect?

Q. Sure. And so it's fair to say that as of August 17th, 2015, Mallinckrodt is utilizing a three-tier structure to determine whether or not an order is suspicious?

Q. And with respect to the third tier, there's a reference made to a monthly limit placed on a customer based on customer bill-to address for a particular SKU for a particular amount. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And as far as you understand the current iteration of Mallinckrodt's S0M program, does that tier exist in any way in Mallinckrodt's S0M program today?

Q. So would it be fair to say that the current iteration of Mallinckrodt's S0M program contains the first two tiers mentioned in this document?

Q. So at some point in time the third tier was removed, but you don't recall when?

Q. All right. You can set that one aside. So your counsel just received his wish, and probably yours too. That was the last policy that we're going to go over today.

Q. I'm going to hand you a copy of what has been marked as Gillies Exhibit 25. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-025 marked for identification.]

Q. And I just have a few quick questions about this. For the record, this is an e-mail dated March 10th, 2009, from Wendy "Slab" to Karen Harper, ending in Bates 263874, and containing an attachment that begins at 875. Do you know who Wendy "Slab" is?

Q. Wendy Slaby. Thank you.

Q. This appears to be a flowchart of how a peculiar order -- or excuse me. This appears to be a flowchart of how a suspicious order is identified after it is identified as a peculiar order. Is that fair to say?

Q. Yeah. It was a bad question. Let me ask again. Earlier we had discussed the concept of a multitiered structure for which Mallinckrodt first identified a particular order and then did continued analysis to determine whether or not it was suspicious sufficient to notify the DEA; correct?

Q. And this document appears to be a flowchart reflecting that process. Is that fair to say?

Q. And you don't need to count all the boxes, but there appear to be several boxes of analyses that Mallinckrodt is undergoing to determine whether or not the order should ship or whether or not the order should be notified to the DEA. Is that fair to say?

Q. And the date of this e-mail attaching this flowchart is from March of 2009; correct?

Q. So at least as of the date of this e-mail, this appears to be a flowchart that Mallinckrodt is trying to follow to determine whether or not an order is suspicious after it is identified as peculiar; correct?

Q. So none of these factors are examined if the peculiar order algorithm we've discussed before is not triggered; correct?

Q. And with respect to some of these analyses -- for example, the annotate report with explanation -- do you see that?

Q. And apparently that was supposed to be done by the customer service rep manager who reviews the peculiar order report. Do you see that?

Q. Do you have any understanding of whether or not this annotated report was documented in any way?

Q. Do you recall ever seeing any annotated reports from CSR managers during the 2008 to 2012 time period?

Q. Currently do CSR managers review certain orders and annotate any kind of report with an explanation for why the order might be suspicious or not?

Q. And moving down this flowchart, there is a reference made to the filing of a peculiar order report with annotation. Do you see that?

Q. And I believe that peculiar order report -- the intention was to file that report and document the reasons for why a CSR manager believed the report was suspicious or not. Is that accurate?

Q. Okay. Do you recall ever seeing any peculiar order reports with annotations from customer service rep managers in the 2008 or 2012 time period?

Q. Have you seen any peculiar order reports with annotations from any customer service represent manager ever in connection with Mallinckrodt's SOM policy?

Q. You can actually set that document aside. That's all the questions I have on that. Now, earlier today we had discussed Mallinckrodt's retention of Frank Sapienza and Howard Davis in connection with its CSA obligations in general and its SOM obligations in particular. Were there any other individuals or entities that Mallinckrodt retained to assist in implementing its SOM program?

Q. And who are these individuals or which entities would these be?

Q. And so in addition to Frank Sapienza and Howard Davis and the entity Buzzeo, were there any other individuals or entities that Mallinckrodt retained in connections with its duties to design and implement a suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. At any time.

Q. Okay. And which other entities cr individuals?

Q. And approximately what time period was that from?

Q. So fairly recently?

Q. And do you have any -- I know you don't recall the name of the entity, but do you recall what they were retained to do?

Q. I see. So it was an individual that was retained?

Q. I see.

Q. Got it. And do you have any recollection of what they were -- general recollection --

Q. -- of what they were retained tc do?

Q. Going back to Buzzeo. When were they retained, and for approximately how long? MR. 0'C0NN0R: I'm going to object to -- Buzzeo was retained in connection with this litigation in 2018 in connection with suspicious order monitoring, and so John, I'm going to instruct you not to answer with respect to anything beyond the fact of the engagement.

Q. Okay. So can I --

Q. Can I accept that representation then made by your counsel? Is it accurate to say that Mallinckrodt retained Buzzeo in connection with this litigation in 2018?

Q. Apart from the retention of Buzzeo for purposes of this litigation in 2018, was Buzzeo retained at any time prior to that by Mallinckrodt in connection with its SOM responsibilities?

Q. And when was that?

Q. And for what purpose?

Q. Any specific purpose, or just generally to advise Mallinckrodt regarding its SOM obligations?

Q. Well, let me ask again, because I don't think that was a yes-or-no question. But was -- for what general purpose did Mallinckrodt retain Buzzeo for?

Q. And was there any particular aspect of the SOM efforts that Buzzeo advised Mallinckrodt cn?

Q. And what were those aspects?

Q. So the question that I had asked prior to taking that short break was whether or not there was a particular aspect of the SOM efforts that Buzzeo advised Mallinckrodt on, and I believe you said the answer was yes, and then I had asked you what aspects, and so I'll repeat that question now. What aspects was Buzzeo retained to advise Mallinckrodt on regarding Mallinckrodt's SOM efforts?

Q. So to be clear, in 2012, when you were saying earlier that Mallinckrodt had retained Buzzeo, that was not in connection with any SOM efforts?

Q. And in 2012 then what -- for what purpose was Buzzeo retained by Mallinckrodt for?

Q. Recordkeeping discussions regarding what records?

Q. I see. And by security, what do you mean?

Q. Understood. And how long was their retention during that 2012 time period?

Q. So other than -- so now that I understand -- and thank you for the clarification regarding their role in 2012. So other than Frank Sapienza and Howard Davis and potentially this other entity that you don't recall, were there any other individuals or entities that Mallinckrodt retained for purposes of assisting Mallinckrodt with its SOM obligations?

Q. Okay. Thank you. Now, you're familiar with -- well, you are familiar with the compensation structure of certain customer service reps and national account managers at Mallinckrodt; correct?

Q. Are you familiar with the term NAMs or national account managers?

Q. Mallinckrodt employs certain national account managers; correct?

Q. And they have responsibility with respect to Mallinckrodt customers, including wholesale distributors; correct?

Q. And in addition to national account managers, Mallinckrodt also employs customer service representatives; correct?

Q. And generally speaking, what's your understanding of what customer service representatives -- what function they perform?

Q. And when you say every order, I just want to make sure I understand what you're saying when you mean every order. Is this every order ever between Mallinckrodt and any customer, or are you talking about every peculiar order or unusual order? What do you mean by every order?

Q. I see. And --

Q. Okay. Thank you for that clarification. And by every order, just so I understand clearly, you are referring to every order between Mallinckrodt and one of its customers, the wholesale distributor; correct?

Q. And with respect to national account managers, their compensation is tied to the amount of Mallinckrodt prescription plaids they sell tc customers; is that accurate?

Q. You have no understanding of how national account managers are compensated?

Q. Do you have any understanding of how customer service representatives are compensated? MR. 0'C0NN0R: Same objection.

Q. In addition to national account managers and customer service representatives, do you know any other categories of employees at Mallinckrodt who were involved in the marketing and sales of Mallinckrodt's prescription plaids?

Q. Now, earlier today we had talked about the memorandum of understanding entered into between Mallinckrodt and the DEA in 2017. Do you recall that?

Q. Were you involved at all in the negotiations leading up to that memorandum of understanding?

Q. Do you have any understanding of when Mallinckrodt first became aware that it was being formally investigated by the DEA?

Q. And was that pursuant to a subpoena that Mallinckrodt received?

Q. And a moment ago you said you weren't involved at all in the negotiations leading up to the memorandum of understanding. But were you -- did you have any discussions with DEA regarding their investigation that led to that memorandum of understanding?

Q. And who did you have those discussions with?

Q. In addition to Heather White, do you recall anyone else at DEA you discussed DEA's investigation with?

Q. Was she also in the DEA Albany office?

Q. Other than Ms. Baker or Ms. White, do you recall discussing DEA's investigation of Mallinckrodt that led to the memorandum of understanding with any other DEA individual?

Q. I understand.

Q. Okay. So the record is clear then, and the way I understand your testimony, is that you spoke with Ms. White and Ms. Baker regarding the DEA's investigation of Mallinckrodt at some point after 2011 but before --

Q. -- Mallinckrodt and DEA negotiated the memorandum of understanding? Is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And when did the negotiations that led up to the memorandum of understanding begin between Mallinckrodt and DEA?

Q. So at some -- safe to say that the negotiations regarding the memorandum of understanding began at some time in 2016?

Q. And so your discussions with Ms. White and Ms. Baker regarding DEA's investigation occurred at some point between June of 2012 and before 2016?

Q. And in connection with the investigation, do you know whether -- well, strike that. In your discussions with Ms. White and Ms. Baker, were you ever formally interviewed or did you ever sit for any kind of formal interview with the DEA?

Q. Are you aware of whether or not Mallinckrodt had any interviews with any Mallinckrodt employee arising out of its investigation of Mallinckrodt?

Q. Sure. Are you aware of whether Mallinckrodt sat for any interviews -- or strike that. Are you aware of whether or not the DEA had any interviews with any Mallinckrodt employee arising out of the DEA's investigation of Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you have knowledge of whether or not that is in fact the case, or are you saying you don't recall whether or not that occurred?

Q. Do you know if any Mallinckrodt employee provided any statements -- sworn statements to the DEA regarding Mallinckrodt's investigation?

Q. Or excuse me. Regarding the DEA's investigation of Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you know -- so in addition to your communications with Ms. White and Ms. Baker, do you know whether or not any other Mallinckrodt employees communicated with DEA regarding its investigation of Mallinckrodt?

Q. And which individuals would those be?

Q. And you said Joe --

Q. Joe Weustner?

Q. And what is his job title at Mallinckrodt?

Q. In addition to Joe and Don, do you recall any other individuals who communicated with the DEA regarding their investigation?

Q. Do you recall whether or not Ms. Harper communicated with the DEA regarding their investigation of Mallinckrodt?

Q. And you just referenced a meeting. What meeting are you describing?

Q. I see. And you were present at that meeting as well?

Q. So in addition to Mr. Weustner, Mr. Lohman, and yourself, were there any other Mallinckrodt employees that were present at the meeting?

Q. And from the DEA's side, other than Ms. Baker and Ms. White, were there any other DEA officials there?

Q. And who were they?

Q. And when did this meeting take place?

Q. Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. Following the -- this meeting, do you recall any other meetings in which you were present with the DEA regarding its investigation of Mallinckrodt?

Q. And in addition to this meeting, do you recall any other meetings, regardless of whether or not you were involved with the DEA, regarding its investigation of Mallinckrodt?

Q. You don't recall, or you don't believe any such meetings took place?

Q. Now, the agreement resulted among other things in a $35 million payment made by Mallinckrodt to the Department of Justice; correct?

Q. Were you involved -- or who was involved in the negotiation of the monetary fine?

Q. So is it your understanding that it was primarily handled by Mr. Lohman and Mr. Weustner?

Q. Was there anyone outside of the legal department or legal counsel that handled the negotiations over the monetary fine that Mallinckrodt paid to the DEA?

Q. So you don't believe anyone outside of legal counsel handled --

Q. -- being involved in the discussions about the monetary fine imposed on Mallinckrodt; correct?

Q. Now, in addition to DEA's investigation which resulted in the 2017 memorandum of understanding and the $35 million fine, there have been other investigations by other government entities into Mallinckrodt; is that fair to say?

Q. Sure. Fair enough. Are you aware of any other investigations done by any senators with respect to Mallinckrodt's marketing or distribution of its opioid products?

Q. And which senator was that?

Q. And when was that?

Q. And who was involved in preparing the information in response to Senator McCaskill's request?

Q. And do you have any understanding of what information Senator McCaskill requested of Mallinckrodt?

Q. In addition to Senator McCaskill's request and the DEA's investigation which resulted in the 2017 memorandum of understanding, are you aware of any other investigations performed by any entity regarding Mallinckrodt's manufacturing or distribution cf its opioid products?

Q. Were you -- was it the case that earlier last year in the beginning of 2018, prosecutors from the Southern District of Florida had issued grand jury subpoenas to Mallinckrodt regarding its manufacturing and distribution of prescription opioids?

Q. You're not aware of that? Are ycu aware of any other subpoenas issued by the Department of Justice at any time regarding Mallinckrodt's marketing or manufacturing of any of its generic or branded opioid products?

Q. So are you aware of any 2017 subpoena by the Department of Justice regarding Mallinckrcdt's manufacturing and marketing of Exalgo, Xartemis, and Roxicodone, among other products?

Q. Are you aware of any civil investigative demands from any other officials -- from any officials in any state in the United States regarding Mallinckrodt's marketing and distribution of prescription opioids?

Q. Are you aware of any civil investigative demand by the State of Washington regarding Mallinckrodt manufacture and distribution of its prescription opioids?

Q. Are you aware of Missouri's civil investigative demand of information related to Mallinckrodt's manufacture and distribution of its prescription opioids?

Q. Now, one of the -- as we discussed earlier today, one of the primary responsibilities of the DEA compliance group is to communicate with the DEA regarding Mallinckrodt's annual quota request. Is that accurate?

Q. And there are different types of quotas set by the DEA; correct?

Q. And can you describe to the court what those different types of quotas consist of?

Q. And is that a reference to a manufacturing quota?

Q. And in addition to the manufacturing quota, there's also -- the DEA has -- provides guidance on procurement quota as well; correct?

Q. And what does procurement quota consist of?

Q. So in other words, would it be fair to say that the procurement quota governs the amount that Mallinckrodt can turn into an actual extended unit release or pill -- strike that. Let me ask it a different way. The manufacturing quota established by the DEA governs how much raw product Mallinckrodt can manufacture; correct?

Q. And the procurement quota governs how much of that raw product Mallinckrodt can turn into a pill; correct?

Q. And so in connection with your communications with the DEA, are you saying that there is a separate procedure with respect to the procurement quota relative to the manufacturing quota, or would you regularly communicate with the DEA regarding both quotas?

Q. And regarding the manufacturing quota set by the DEA, they generally set that once a year; correct?

Q. And are you currently involved in that process?

Q. Who on the DEA compliance team is responsible for working with the DEA and Mallinckrodt's annual quota request today?

Q. And in addition to Karen Harper, are there any other individuals that assist her in the annual quota request?

Q. And is it your understanding that Ms. Harper had the primary responsibility of working with the DEA regarding Mallinckrodt's annual quota request -- or strike that. How long has Ms. Harper had the responsibility of working with the DEA regarding Mallinckrodt's quota requests?

Q. And throughout that time period, there was no other individual who had that primary responsibility at Mallinckrodt; is that accurate?

Q. Now, we've made mention to -- we've made mention to Mallinckrodt's St. Louis and Hobart facilities. Is the St. Louis facility synonymous or different from the Webster Groves facility?

Q. And what did the -- can you describe to the court what the Webster Groves facility was in charge of or what happened at the Webster Groves facility?

Q. • Got it. Was there any manufacturing of opioids done at the Webster Groves facility?

Q. At any time.

Q. And when was that?

Q. • So somewhat recently?

Q. • Prior to November of 2018, was there any manufacturing that occurred at the Webster Groves facility?

Q. And prior to 2018, the Webster Groves facility was primarily utilized as an R & D facility; is that accurate?

Q. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's been marked as Gillies Exhibit 26. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-026 marked for identification.]

Q. And for the record, this ends in Bates 3044340, and it's an e-mail chain from June 20th, 2012, between Kenneth Yamashita and Eileen Spaulding. And I just have a quick question on this e-mail. Feel free to review it if you need tc in responding to my question.

Q. But at the top, Ken indicates, quote, did you get the impression now that if our quota justification and suspicious order monitoring program is good, we will get the quota or at least some portion, end quote. Did I read that correctly?

Q. First of all, do you know who Ken Yamashita is?

Q. And who is he?

Q. And what do you -- and by head of Hobart facility, what exactly do you mean?

Q. And he's asking a question to Eileen of whether or not the quota justification -- or strike that. He's asking whether or not the SO -- if the SOM program is adequate that Mallinckrodt would obtain the quota that they sought. Do you have any recollection of whether or not the quota justification or the quota request was ever tied to Mallinckrodt's SOM program?

Q. Sure. Do you have any recollection of whether or not the quota -- whether or not the SOM program that Mallinckrodt implemented was tied in any way to Mallinckrodt's quota requests?

Q. Okay. And was another topic of the meeting issues with respect to Mallinckrodt's quota requests?

Q. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as Gillies Exhibit 27. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-027 marked for identification.]

Q. Does this document look familiar at all to you?

Q. And did you review this document in preparation for this deposition today?

Q. And how does this document look familiar to you? Did you review it at some point separate and apart from preparing for this deposition?

Q. And approximately when do you think that was?

Q. And as I understand it, I believe this is

Q. And I just have a few quick questions about it. On the second page of this deck there is a reference made to suspicious order monitoring presentation agenda. Do you see that?

Q. So just so the record is clear, the primary topic of the DEA meeting in August of 2011 was regarding Mallinckrodt's SOM program; correct?

Q. And if you look at Page 7 of this report, there's an additional reference made to subpoenas, SOM quota review, and business relationships. Do you see that?

Q. And the context of these references is being made in the context of the SOM program challenges and issues. Do you see that?

Q. So would it be accurate to say that in addition to Mallinckrodt SOM being reviewed at the meeting, Mallinckrodt also discussed challenges and issues with respect to subpoenas it was receiving, SOM quota review, and certain business relationships it had?

Q. And do you -- I know a moment ago that you said you weren't familiar with whether or not quota was discussed during this meeting.

Q. But does this refresh your recollection at all as to what aspects of quota were discussed with the DEA during this meeting?

Q. No reason to dispute that quota issues were discussed with the DEA during August 23rd, 2011, though; right?

Q. Sure. Is it accurate to say that Karen Harper is indicating that there should be some sort of documentation procedure with respect to all decisions regarding SOM?

Q. And we had talked about it a little bit before, but are you aware of whether or not there was any kind of formal documentation procedure regarding Mallinckrodt's SOM in the 2011 time period?

Q. And what is that understanding based upon?

Q. And which -- the same procedures we were kind of discussing before?

Q. Outside of those procedures, did you review any other documents that suggested there was a formal documentation procedure governing the decisions made by any individuals at Mallinckrodt with respect to its SOM?

Q. So is it fair to say that at least as of the date of this letter, Mallinckrodt is aware that DEA is expecting some sort of formal documentation regarding its SOM decisions and policies?

Q. So is it -- I understand that that's what the note references, but I'm asking you as a designee -- a corporate designee of Mallinckrcdt sitting here today, yes or no, is it fair to say that as of the date of this letter, Mallinckrodt is aware that DEA is expecting some sort of formal documentation procedure regarding its SOM decisions and policies?

Q. And underneath the section Kyle Wright, there's an indication, quote, I am coming. Ycu don't want me. I can tear you apart. If DEA can see where drugs are going, Mallinckrodt knows full well where drugs are going. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And so is it fair to say that the DEA certainly expects Mallinckrodt to understand where all of its drugs are going even after Mallinckrodt ships them to its distributor customers?

Q. There's -- Mr. Gillies, I'm handing you a copy of a document that's been marked as Gillies Exhibit --

Q. -- 30. Thank you. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Gillies-030 marked for identification.]

Q. And for the record, this is a March 18th, 2013, correspondence dated -- or I said the date already -- ending in Bates 8434954. And I have a very specific question.

Q. So again, if you need to read more of the document, please feel free to do so. But first of all, this appears to be a communication made by an outside counsel for Mallinckrodt to an assistant U.S. attorney. Is that accurate?

Q. And in Section 1 of the document, there is reference made to a certain percentage of oxy 15s and oxy 30s distributed by certain of Mallinckrodt's customers; right?

Q. And those customers are the big three distributors and H.D. Smith; correct?

Q. And they distributed oxy 15s and oxy 30s; correct?

Q. And turning to the next page -- this is just the final line of questioning. Do you see the section Page 3 -- or sorry -- do you see the section Question 3?

Q. Right. That's just the next page --

Q. -- of the document. So regardless, we're on Page 2 of this document.

Q. And there's a question asked, quote, what percentage of sales of oxycodone products involve customers that fall under the chargeback system. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And the answer that's provided is from 2009 through 2012, approximately 96 percent of the total volume by dosage units of oxycodone 15-milligram products manufactured and distributed by Mallinckrodt fell under the chargeback system. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So a moment ago you had said not all requests -- not all -- sorry -- not all transactions resulted in a chargeback request?

Q. But at least with respect to oxycodone 15 milligrams, from 2009 to 2012, 96 percent resulted in a chargeback request; is that accurate?

Q. And similarly, the next sentence talks about percentage of chargeback requests for cxycodone 30, and this sentence reads from 2009 through 2012, approximately 98 percent of the total volume by dosage unit of oxycodone 30-milligram products manufactured and distributed by Mallinckrodt fell under the chargeback system. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So is it accurate to say that the vast majority of -- if not nearly 100 percent, of all oxycodone 15-milligram and oxycodone 30-milligram orders resulted in a chargeback request by a distributor --

Q. -- in the 2009 through 2012 time period?

Q. Right. And I said, just so the record is clear, is it accurate to say that nearly 100 percent of all oxycodone 15-milligram and oxycodone 30-milligram orders resulted in a chargeback request by a distributor?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. So 96 percent of all oxy 15 orders of Mallinckrodt-manufactured oxy 15 resulted in a chargeback request from the 2009 through 2012 time period; correct?

Q. And final question. 98 percent cf the total volume of oxycodone 30-milligram products manufactured by Mallinckrodt resulted in a chargeback request made by a distributor in the 2009 through 2012 time period; correct?
