Witness:  John Gillies
Attorney: MR. Stewart
Source:   MNKOI0004570099
============================================================

Q. Mr. Gillies, are you here as a representative for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And is there any reason you can't testify truthfully and accurately today that you know of?

Q. And if I ask you a question you don't understand, will you tell me that you don't understand it?

Q. That way if I ask you a question, you answer, we'll know that you thought you understood it and gave a truthful answer.

Q. Can you take out Exhibit 1? I think it's at the bottom of that pile right there.

Q. Do you have in front of you a notice of deposition? Do you have in front of you an amended notice of deposition?

Q. And can you turn with me to page -- to a schedule of topics, and I believe it's Page 6. Do you see that?

Q. With regard to the subject matters for your testimony, are you here to talk about Subject Matter 1?

Q. Tell me what portions of Topic 1 you are here to talk about.

Q. Are you here to talk about the remainder of Topic 1 other than RADARS and NAVIPPRO data?

Q. Are you here to talk about Topic 2?

Q. Is that your testimony? You're here to talk --

Q. You're here to talk about Topic 2 as it relates to pharmacies?

Q. With respect to Topic 3, are you covering any aspect of Topic 3?

Q. Now, Topic 4. Are you here to testify on portions of that?

Q. Which portions?

Q. And you heard your counsel. You're here to talk about the remainder of Topic 4?

Q. What about Topic 5?

Q. Topic 5 is an area you're here tc cover?

Q. And what about Topic 6?

Q. And you're not here to talk about Topic 7, I take it?

Q. And you're not here to talk about Topic 8 and Topic 9?

Q. I'm going to hand you an exhibit. [Exhibit 45 marked for identification.]

Q. And Mr. Gillies, do you have in front of you an exhibit marked Mallinckrodt Corporate 45?

Q. And do you recognize this document?

Q. And what is this document?

Q. Is it a memorandum of agreement between Mallinckrodt and the United States Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration?

Q. And is the Drug Enforcement Administration the arm of government that addresses enforcement of the control system for distribution of opioids and other controlled substances?

Q. And does the Drug Enforcement Administration monitor and enforce the rules related to suspicious order monitoring?

Q. And if you turn back to the document that's Exhibit 1. Do you see for Topic Number 5 you've got as a topic Mallinckrodt's efforts to maintain effective controls against diversion?

Q. I'm on Topic 5, Exhibit 1.

Q. Do you see that Topic 5 addresses Mallinckrodt's efforts to maintain effective controls against diversion?

Q. And it lists a series of aspects of maintaining effective controls against diversion, through . Do you see that?

Q. And the first component of maintaining effective controls listed on the notice is Mallinckrodt's efforts to assign and operate a system to identify and report suspicious orders and to halt shipments of such orders pending investigation regarding Mallinckrodt customers shipping orders to or located in Tennessee from January 1, 2006, to the present, including the number of orders that Mallinckrodt flagged as potentially suspicious, the number of potentially suspicious orders that were subsequently filled, and the number reported to the DEA. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And is this component of maintaining effective controls against diversion something that the DEA supervises?

Q. And if we say DEA today, can we agree we're talking about the United States Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration?

Q. Do you see the second component cf maintaining controls of diversion listed in the notice is , Mallinckrodt's efforts to comply with Know Your Customer due diligence -- strike that. is Mallinckrodt's efforts to comply with the Know Your Customer due diligence requirement regarding Mallinckrodt customers shipping order to or located in Tennessee from January 1, 2006, to the present. Do you see that?

Q. And is that another aspect of maintaining effective controls against diversion that the DEA regulates?

Q. The third component of maintaining effective controls of diversion listed in the notice is Mallinckrodt's efforts to comply with the Know Your Customer due diligence requirement regarding Tennessee pharmacies and/or other end customers from January 1, 2006, to the present.

Q. Well, let me step back and see if I can get that question correct then. Do you see that in the notice the third component listed as part of Mallinckrodt's efforts to maintain effective controls against diversion is, quote, , Mallinckrodt's efforts to comply with the Know Your Customer due diligence requirement regarding Tennessee pharmacies or other end customers from January 1, 2006, to the present?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. I'll tell you what, let's just make sure we get a clear record. Could you read Item into the record?

Q. And is that an aspect of Mallinckrodt's efforts to maintain controls against diversion that is regulated by the DEA?

Q. The last component listed in the notice as part of your maintaining controls against diversion is Mallinckrodt's consideration of population; per capita prescribing; dispensing, or distribution rates; or any other efforts to determine the reasonableness or appropriateness of the volume of plaids or geographic allocation of opioids dispensed by a Tennessee pharmacy or distributed in a given area in Tennessee. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Now, is that a requirement or an activity that is regulated by the DEA?

Q. So is not regulated by the DEA, in your mind?

Q. Let's look at the administrative memorandum of agreement. This is an agreement executed and agreed to by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And the agreement is applicable to Mallinckrodt -- and I'll read it. It says this agreement shall be applicable to Mallinckrodt and any facility owned or operated by the company or registered or who may have become registered with the DEA to manufacture, distribute, or otherwise handle controlled substances. So this governs all of Mallinckrcdt's operations?

Q. And are those the Mallinckrodt entities that manufacture and distribute controlled substances?

Q. Can you look on the second page cf the agreement marked Page 2? And can you tell me what the covered time period for this agreement is?

Q. And can you look on the back of the agreement where the signature pages are and tell me what the effective date of the agreement is?

Q. Well, do you know what Mallinckrcdt's position is with regard to the effective date of this agreement?

Q. And here we're talking about the effective date of the agreement that is Exhibit 45 to your deposition?

Q. Now, do you see that there's a definition of covered conduct in this agreement?

Q. And do you see that covered conduct means -- and I'll read the agreement -- quote, with respect to its distribution of Oxycodone and hydrocodone products, Mallinckrodt's alleged failure to distribute these controlled substances in a manner authorized by its registration and Mallinckrodt's alleged failure to operate an effective suspicious order monitoring system and to report suspicious orders to the DEA when discovered, as required by and in violation of 21 CFR, Section 13074E, the above includes but is not limited to Mallinckrodt's alleged failure to. Do you see that?

Q. And then a series of instances of conduct are listed; is that correct?

Q. Now, these are areas where the DEA has alleged Mallinckrodt failed to follow the law with respect to suspicious order monitoring; is that correct?

Q. Let's look at the first allegation. Do you see that there's an allegation that Mallinckrodt failed to -- and this is the Subpart AI -- conduct adequate due diligence of its customers? Do you see that?

Q. What specifically did the DEA allege that Mallinckrodt failed to do?

Q. You can answer.

Q. Did the company admit that it had failed to properly comply with the suspicious order monitoring laws at least through 2012?

Q. Do you know what the company did admit with respect to this agreement? You can take your time and look.

Q. And you may look -- I think what you're looking for is in Paragraph 4.

Q. So what -- am I correct that Mallinckrodt agreed that during certain time periods prior to two thousand -- January 1, 2012, certain aspects of Mallinckrodt's system to monitor and detect suspicious orders did not meet the standards outlined in letters from the DEA deputy administrator? Is that accurate?

Q. And those letters outlined the DEA's view as to Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring requirements?

Q. And were those the letters in which the DEA outlined four manufacturers and distributors, their obligations with respect to monitoring orders to make sure that suspicious orders of opioids were not shipped?

Q. And what Mallinckrodt admits here is we didn't follow the directives that the DEA gave us, at least prior to January 1, 2012?

Q. Now, here's my question, though. Let's turn back to the covered conduct. Do you see that the covered conduct listed in Paragraph 3 covers the covered time period?

Q. So that runs through 2017; fair?

Q. So what did the DEA allege that Mallinckrodt did with respect to conducting -- to failing to conduct adequate due diligence of its customers, Item Al -- or AI?

Q. And I understand the agreement doesn't state the specific allegations. I'm asking you, though, as the company representative, what did the DEA say -- what did the DEA say Mallinckrodt did wrong?

Q. Go ahead and answer.

Q. And --

Q. Which is the failure prior to 2012 to follow the directives that were given to you by the DEA?

Q. Now let's turn back to Exhibit 2. See, my question, sir, though, is a little more detailed. I understand you're saying that Mallinckrodt certainly for the period after 2012 didn't concede the DEA's allegation, but what were the specific allegations that the DEA made to the company with respect to Mallinckrodt's alleged failure to conduct adequate due diligence of its customers?

Q. So you as Mallinckrodt's representative don't know the specifics?

Q. And that's why I'm trying to get at. What were agreeing -- or regardless of whether or not Mallinckrodt agreed, what were the specific allegations?

Q. Can you tell me what specific conduct Mallinckrodt disagreed with that the DEA alleged?

Q. Can you tell me any particular customer that the DEA alleged performed activities over which Mallinckrodt conducted inadequate due diligence?

Q. What was your office at Mallinckrodt in 2017?

Q. Sure. What job did you have at Mallinckrodt in 2017?

Q. And as head of global security, did you have involvement with Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring activities?

Q. What specifically were you involved with?

Q. So my question is, did the DEA ever tell you with respect to its allegation that Mallinckrodt failed to conduct adequate due diligence of its customers what specific customers it was referring to?

Q. Did the DEA ever tell Mallinckrodt here are our specific allegations of the instances in which Mallinckrodt failed to conduct adequate due diligence of its customers?

Q. If -- did Mallinckrodt ever have a meeting with the DEA in which the DEA said here are the specific instances in which Mallinckrodt failed to conduct adequate due diligence of its customers?

Q. So when Mallinckrodt signed this stipulation and agreement in 2017, the agreement that's Exhibit 45, are you saying that Mallinckrodt didn't really know the details of the DEA's specific allegations of Mallinckrodt's failure to conduct adequate due diligence of its customers?

Q. Sure. Are you saying that in 2017 when Mallinckrodt signed the agreement that is Exhibit 45 to your deposition, did Mallinckrodt even then nct understand the specifics of the DEA's allegation that it had failed to conduct adequate due diligence of its customers?

Q. Let me ask you. If the DEA didn't share any specifics, how can you say that Mallinckrodt didn't agree with them?

Q. Well, but --

Q. Well, can you identify a single specific allegation about Mallinckrodt's failure to conduct adequate due diligence that Mallinckrodt specifically disagreed with?

Q. Here's my confusion. Mallinckrodt signs this agreement in 2017 in which the DEA alleges that up to 2017 Mallinckrodt failed to conduct adequate due diligence. If Mallinckrodt didn't know the specific nature of those allegations by the DEA, how could Mallinckrodt assure that it had taken care of these problems?

Q. Well, as head of security, did you think it would be a good idea to find out from the DEA in 2017 what specific concerns it had about Mallinckrodt's failure to conduct adequate due diligence?

Q. Were you in the meetings with the DEA?

Q. But if Mallinckrodt knew that the DEA thought that it had failed through 2017 to conduct adequate due diligence of its customers, why didn't Mallinckrodt feel that it needed to know the specifics so it could take corrective action?

Q. Well, but today I take it you're saying that you're not -- you don't know of any individual instances with respect to Mallinckrodt's alleged failure to conduct adequate due diligence of its customers?

Q. So is it fair to say you can't point me to any corrective action Mallinckrodt has taken with respect to the DEA's allegation that it failed to conduct adequate due diligence of its customers?

Q. Let me go to the next allegation. Do you see that the DEA alleges that Mallinckrodt failed to -- and this is Item II -- detect and report to DEA orders of unusual size and frequency?

Q. And do you see that the DEA also alleges that Mallinckrodt failed through 2017 to detect and report to the DEA orders deviating substantially from normal patterns, including but not limited to, those identified in letters from the DEA deputy administrator, Office of Diversion Control, to registrants dated September 27th, 2006, and December 27th, 2007? Do you see that?

Q. And do you see it lists three types of such orders addressed by Subsection III? Do you see that?

Q. And so my question is, did Mallinckrodt ever obtain from the DEA a list of the specific orders that the DEA believed Mallinckrodt had failed to detect and report?

Q. So you're unaware of any specific orders from the time period through 2017 that the DEA indicated Mallinckrodt had failed to detect and report?

Q. And was not Mallinckrodt not interested to know what particular orders were the basis for the DEA's allegation that through 2017 Mallinckrodt had failed to detect and report to the DEA orders --

Q. -- of unusual size and frequency?

Q. Well, you say there was a discussion. Was there a discussion at which the DEA outlined here are the suspicious orders that we're concerned about through 2017?

Q. You were not in a meeting where that information was provided by the DEA?

Q. Do you know when at the time -- strike that. Do you know whether at the time Mallinckrodt agreed to the agreement that's Exhibit 45 anyone at Mallinckrodt said to the DEA you've accused us of failing to detect and report suspicious orders, could you please tell us what orders you're talking about?

Q. So is it fair to say that you cannot point me to any corrective action that Mallinckrodt took with respect to any of the suspicious orders that the DEA is referring to in the agreement that's Exhibit 45?

Q. And I'll try to move this along. Do you see that the DEA also says -- and I'm on Page 3, Subparagraph 4. The DEA says that Mallinckrodt failed to, quote, use chargeback information from distributors to evaluate suspicious orders. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what specific failures to use chargeback information the DEA's allegation here in Exhibit 45 is based on?

Q. But whether in the regulation or not, Mallinckrodt signed an agreement with the DEA in which the DEA alleged that Mallinckrodt should have used and failed to use chargeback information from its distributors to evaluate suspicious orders?

Q. That's what -- that's what they alleged?

Q. And do you agree that Mallinckrodt should use chargeback information to evaluate suspicious orders?

Q. Did anyone at Mallinckrodt say to the DEA could you outline for us the specific instances in which you say we failed to use chargeback information to evaluate suspicious orders?

Q. So is it fair to say that you can't identify any of the instances in which, according to the DEA, Mallinckrodt failed to use chargeback information to evaluate suspicious orders?

Q. And are you -- strike that. And is it fair to say that you can't point to any corrective action that Mallinckrodt has taken with respect to any of the suspicious orders that, according to the DEA, Mallinckrodt should have analyzed with chargeback information but did not?

Q. So Mallinckrodt agreed with the DEA to use chargeback information going forward?

Q. Do you see that a final issue with the DEA is that Mallinckrodt failed to take sufficient action to prevent recurrence of diversion by downstream customers after receiving concrete information of diversion of Mallinckrodt products by those downstream customers?

Q. Do you know any of the specific actions that the DEA believed Mallinckrodt should have taken with respect to preventing recurrence of diversion by downstream customers?

Q. And do you know if when the Mallinckrodt management signed this agreement that's Exhibit 45 anyone asked the DEA could you tell us what specific instances you're talking about when you say Mallinckrodt failed to take sufficient action to prevent recurrence of diversion by downstream customers?

Q. And are you -- is it fair to say that you can't point to any corrective action that Mallinckrodt has taken to address the DEA's concern that it failed to take sufficient action to prevent recurrence of diversion by downstream customers?

Q. Did anyone at the time the agreement that's Exhibit 45 was executed have a meeting about how Mallinckrodt needed to change its activities after executing the agreement that's Exhibit 45?

Q. Let me step back and ask a different question.

Q. Did you ever have a meeting with respect to the administrative memorandum agreement that's Exhibit 45 with the CEO of Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you -- did you ever personally have a meeting with the CEO of Mallinckrodt about any aspect of Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring obligations?

Q. How many meetings with the CEO of Mallinckrodt have you personally attended?

Q. Did any of them involve activities that occurred in the State of Tennessee?

Q. The meetings that you attended with the CEO.

Q. Did any of the meetings you attended with the CEO relate to the allegations that are listed in the administrative memorandum of agreement that's Exhibit 45?

Q. Did -- do you know if anyone at Mallinckrodt had a meeting in which the question was raised whether Mallinckrodt should take any steps to fix its suspicious order monitoring system in light of all of the allegations made by the United States Drug Enforcement Administration?

Q. Does Mallinckrodt have a duty to protect the public from the controlled substances it manufactures?

Q. Controlled substances like opioids -- are they dangerous?

Q. And does Mallinckrodt have a duty to prevent abuse and diversion of its opioid products?

Q. In Mallinckrodt's view, can a manufacturer have an impact on the rate at which its products are abused and diverted?

Q. Does Mallinckrodt have a duty to ensure that its products are not promoted to pill mills?

Q. Well, have you ever heard the term pill mill?

Q. What does it mean?

Q. Pill mills are -- that's a term used to describe -- strike that. Yeah, I mean, wouldn't you say a pill mill is used to describe a place where opioids are prescribed in a manner that is not for legitimate medical needs?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. So your testimony today representing Mallinckrodt is that the term pill mill is not always negative?

Q. Mallinckrodt's position is that there are good pill mills?

Q. Mallinckrodt's position is that there are pill mills that are positive, not negative?

Q. Is detailing a drug like hydrocodone or another opioid a behavior -- strike that. Is detailing a drug like hydrocodone or another opioid an activity that involves significant risk to the public?

Q. Sure. Is -- well, first of all, is the manufacture and distribution of opioids an activity that entails significant risk to the public?

Q. Is sending salespeople to talk to prescribers about opioids an activity that entails significant risk to the public?

Q. Do you know if high-volume prescribers of opioids are subject to a higher rate of disciplinary action with their licensing boards than other prescribers of opioids?

Q. Do you know if high-volume prescribers of opioids are subject to criminal action at a higher rate than other prescribers of plaids?

Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt ever used different sales practices when sending its salespeople to talk to high-volume prescribers of opioids as opposed to other prescribers of plaids?

Q. You can answer.

Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt has ever reported a prescriber of opioids to the DEA?

Q. Tell me each instance in which that happened.

Q. Sure. Give me an example.

Q. And tell me, who was the individual?

Q. And tell me, what did you report to the DEA?

Q. So did you talk to the DEA in that case because you thought there might be a diversion of opioids going on with respect to that prescriber?

Q. And is that the only instance in which you reported a prescriber to the DEA?

Q. What record would you keep of such a report?

Q. So write-up would be a memo in the file?

Q. How many times did you report prescribers like that to the DEA?

Q. And do you think there's a memo to the file for each of those few times?

Q. Did you ever report -- I'm going to borrow the exhibit here. Did you ever report a prescriber to local law enforcement?

Q. So is the answer to my question that other than with respect to the DEA reports you've referred to that you have not otherwise reported prescribers to local law enforcement?

Q. And so there's not a separate instance in which you've reported a prescriber to local law enforcement?

Q. And are you aware of any instance in which you reported a prescriber to a licensing board, like a board of medical examiners?

Q. Is there any instance in which you've reported a pharmacy to a board of pharmacy?

Q. Is there an instance in which you've reported a pharmacy to local law enforcement?

Q. The few times that you have reported prescribers to the DEA, does -- did any of those involve pharmacies?

Q. Sure. That was poorly-worded. You mentioned you reported prescribers to the DEA a few times; do you recall that?

Q. Sure. No problem.

Q. Did Mallinckrodt report -- strike that. Let's clean up the record. Do you recall that you stated that Mallinckrodt on a few occasions reported prescribers to the DEA?

Q. Now, did Mallinckrodt in addition to those instances report any pharmacies to the DEA?

Q. What pharmacies?

Q. I guess I'm trying to figure out the total number of referrals. Your testimony is on a few occasions you've reported prescribers to the DEA; is that fair?

Q. Does that -- do those instances that you described encompass also your reports of pharmacies to the DEA?

Q. Can you tell me about your reporting of pharmacies to the DEA?

Q. Let's step back to the few times that Mallinckrodt reported a provider to the DEA.

Q. Did any of the providers that were reported have their practice in Tennessee?

Q. I'm going to hand you a document -- I believe we're on Exhibit 46.

Q. Mr. Gillies, I'm going to hand you a document marked Exhibit 46.

Q. Do you see that Exhibit 46 is a November 9th, 2012, memo from you to file?

Q. My mistake. Yes.

Q. Is this a November 19th, 2012, memo to the file?

Q. This is one that you filed?

Q. And does it describe a telephone call you had with the DEA?

Q. And I take it when you'd write a memo like this, you would try to make an accurate description of your conversations with the government official?

Q. Is that the case in this instance with Exhibit 46?

Q. Do you see there is a discussion or you note that DI Hamilton wanted to discuss chargebacks and heat maps?

Q. What are heat maps?

Q. And why was the DEA interested in heat maps?

Q. And did you use heat maps as part of your investigation of this prescriber in Missouri that is described in Exhibit 46?

Q. And what did the heap show you?

Q. And how would that help you in these investigations of suspect prescribers?

Q. So the heat map allowed you to identify pharmacies that then you should take a further look at with chargeback data?

Q. What's the chargeback data?

Q. How much of -- what percentage of Mallinckrodt's transactions are covered by chargeback data?

Q. So is it over 90 percent of the transactions that Mallinckrodt has occurred by chargeback data?

Q. Do you see that in your second paragraph, or I guess -- pardon me -- in the fourth paragraph of your letter, you say -- let me strike that. It's a memo, not a letter. Do you see you write in your memorandum to the file that is Exhibit 46, DI Hamilton was advised that Mallinckrodt utilizes 69,000 as an average annual sales of oxy 30 and 75,000 as an average annual sales of hydrocodone by a pharmacy. DI Hamilton was informed that 69,000 came from statements by DEA officials as to average annual sales of oxy 30 by pharmacies. Writer advised that he could not recall where the 75,000 average came from. Do you see that?

Q. And is what this discussion was referring to is the total number of oxy 30 sales that a pharmacy would have on average?

Q. Well, is what this memorandum reflects is that Mallinckrodt understood that the average pharmacy should sell approximately 69,000 units of oxy 30, Oxycodone 30 milligram?

Q. And the average was 69,000 for sales of Oxycodone 30 milligram?

Q. And what about the 75,000? That was the average sales that Mallinckrodt expected of a pharmacy of hydrocodone during this period?

Q. Do you know -- when you're talking 75,000 as an average for sales of hydrocodone, do you know whether that was hydrocodone for all SKUs, all milligram levels, or one particular type?

Q. Now, are these figures in this memo for average annual sales of oxy and hydrocodone figures that Mallinckrodt used with respect to all states?

Q. Now, did Mallinckrodt conduct chargeback review of every single order it received for opioids?

Q. When would Mallinckrodt conduct chargeback review?

Q. Would there be a level of high annual volume by a -- strike that. Would there be a level of high annual volume with respect to orders that would trigger chargeback review?

Q. And what level of volume would trigger chargeback review?

Q. Was there a particular volume level that triggered a chargeback review for a given pharmacy?

Q. Could a monthly order size trigger a chargeback review?

Q. Was there a particular record that Mallinckrodt kept whenever a chargeback review was done of a particular pharmacy?

Q. What kind of record?

Q. Were there particular Mallinckrodt products that were monitored to determine whether a chargeback review would be conducted?

Q. So there are no other opioid products that Mallinckrodt sold that would be looked at for determining chargeback review?

Q. Could a mismatch between a pharmacy's orders and the population of the community in which the pharmacy operated generate a chargeback review?

Q. Sure. Was there ever an instance in which Mallinckrodt ordered a chargeback review of a pharmacy's orders based on the fact that the pharmacy was ordering an amount of opioids that seemed to be in excess of what a community of a particular population would need?

Q. So the population served by the pharmacy was not a threshold basis for triggering chargeback review?

Q. The -- I'm going to hand you a document marked Exhibit 47. [Exhibit 47 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And do you see that the top of the document is marked top 150 pharmacies, oxy 30 milligram only, 2009 to 2011 data combined?

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Do you know if this is a document that Mallinckrodt generated?

Q. Do you see at the bottom right-hand corner there is a number/letter combination MNK-INSTA05098003?

Q. Have you ever heard the term Bates number?

Q. You see that's a Bates number at the bottom right-hand corner?

Q. If we talk about Bates numbers today, can we agree we're talking about these numbers at the bottom right-hand corner?

Q. And do you see that they end with a number sequence?

Q. So if we refer to Bates and we use the last three or four numbers, we'll know what page we're talking about; fair?

Q. Turn to the page marked Bates 5452.

Q. Do you see there are a series of cells at the bottom of the page -- 2010, 11, 2009, 2010, 2009 is how they're marked -- and they're for Food Cities?

Q. And do you see that, for example, there's

Q. And do you see that that is listed as Food City in Tennessee?

Q. And do you see that there is a number for sales quantity of 295,900?

Q. And do you know if this is a report that Mallinckrodt generated to show the amount of cxv 30s sold by particular pharmacies across the country?

Q. Let me ask you -- turning back tc Exhibit 46. When you talk about in Exhibit 46 your memo to the file from November 19th, 2012 --

Q. -- being advised -- or advising DI Hamilton that Mallinckrodt utilizes 69,000 as an average sales of oxy 30 --

Q. -- are you talking about total sales or just sales of Mallinckrodt oxy 30s?

Q. Because there are a num --

Q. Go ahead. Pardon me.

Q. And question is, are there multiple manufacturers who manufacture oxy 30?

Q. So just to be clear what we're talking about, when Mallinckrodt is evaluating pharmacies based on average annual sales, you base it on how many oxy 30s from any source is the manufacturer selling; is that correct?

Q. Let me strike that, and I'm going to ask a better question. The average of 69,000 is to be an average of all oxy 30s by whatever manufacturer that the pharmacy is dispensing?

Q. Because what you're looking at is, okay, what's the average number of these pills that a pharmacy can be expected to sell?

Q. Is there a -- was there an internal number that was different from the 69,000 oxy 30s?

Q. What was that number?

Q. And how did you use the 120,000 internal number?

Q. And then did you switch in 2012 to looking at the 69,000 number?

Q. What would the 120,000 number be used for?

Q. So you would look during the 2012 time frame at pharmacies that had 120,000 or more pills sold with respect to oxy 30?

Q. Well --

Q. What was the threshold that Mallinckrodt used to trigger a further investigation to see whether

Q. Well, what threshold did you use to determine whether there was anything that you should be concerned about with respect to a pharmacy?

Q. Can you look at the Exhibit 46 that is your internal memo --

Q. -- and tell me whether it reflects that you told the DEA about Mallinckrodt's internal 120,000 oxy 30 threshold?

Q. Fair to say you didn't tell the DEA that Mallinckrodt had an internal oxy 30 threshold of 120,000?

Q. Do you figure you would have mentioned it in this memorandum if you had?

Q. Can you explain why the memo notes that you provided the DEA with a statement that Mallinckrodt utilizes 69,000 as an average annual sales of oxy 30 but don't mention the fact that you have an internal threshold almost two times that high?

Q. But do you know why you didn't mention to the DEA that actually the Mallinckrodt number for looking at a pharmacy for suspicious distribution of opioids was not 69,000 but 120,000 oxy 30 sales?

Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt ever revealed to the DEA that its figure for oxy 30 sales that it used to trigger a review of a pharmacy was 120,000?

Q. Do you know whether after November 2012 Mallinckrodt ever changed its understanding of the average annual sales of oxy 30 that it expected to see at a pharmacy?

Q. When did it change? When did Mallinckrodt no longer understand that the average annual sales of oxy 30 to be expected of a pharmacy was 69,000?

Q. Let me pull that question back and I'll give you a slightly different one. When was it that Mallinckrodt's understanding of the average annual sales of oxy 30 became something other than 69,000 for a given pharmacy?

Q. And when did that happen?

Q. Well, for Mallinckrodt's purposes, when did Mallinckrodt's understanding of the average annual sales of oxy become different than 69,000 for a given pharmacy?

Q. I guess what I'm getting at is, what date did it change, and what was the amount?

Q. And was the figure for the average annual sales of oxy ever significantly lower that you remember than 69,000?

Q. And back to the 120,000 internal figure. Did you ever use a different number than 120,000 units of oxy 30 as your triggering threshold for investigating pharmacies?

Q. And can you tell me how that changed over time?

Q. And when did it change from 120,000 to 85,000?

Q. So up until the past year, the threshold for determining whether to conduct a further inquiry into a pharmacy was 120,000 units of oxy 30 in a year?

Q. Yeah, the -- an external number would be a number recognized by the DEA, for example, your number that you told the DEA in 2012, as demonstrated by your memo; fair?

Q. And the internal number for Mallinckrodt was 120,000 units of oxy 30 through at least 2009; fair?

Q. Let me hand you another document. [Exhibit 48 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see you have in front of you a new document -- and I believe it's Exhibit 47.

Q. 48. You have in front of you Exhibit 48. Do you see that?

Q. And can you look at it and tell me if you recognize this document?

Q. So this looks like a report from Mallinckrodt's system for review of chargeback data?

Q. And do you see in the entry points at the very top an entry for a Food City?

Q. Do you see you've got a whole series of pharmacies in the very top as Food City on Chapman Highway?

Q. And if I look down at this, do I see a series of entries for pharmacies in Tennessee?

Q. And then does it show -- the chargeback data show for each -- for a series of periods the amount of oxy 30s that have been ordered by those pharmacies?

Q. Do you see that -- is this showing how many oxy 30s were dispensed by these various pharmacies?

Q. What does it represent?

Q. It says -- if you look at the cover at the bottom, it says sheet oxy 30. Do you see that?

Q. First of all, obviously you're looking at

Q. And so I'll represent to you that it's demonstrating oxy 30 sales based on the front cover. Do you see that the way the report works, it shows orders over time and then it has totals over 12 months?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And do you see that for the -- do you see that there are multiple pharmacies here that have volumes of oxy 30 prescriptions foreign access of the 69,000 figure that you outlined in your discussion with the DEA?

Q. Did that trigger a review of these pharmacies or an investigation into potential diversion?

Q. But is it your testimony that because none of these pharmacies reached the 120,000 figure, that none of them had sufficient volume to trigger an investigation based on volume alone?

Q. But would it have been based on something other than volume?

Q. Well, you told the DEA that the number you look at for oxy 30s at a pharmacy as the average number is 69,000 oxy 30s a year; fair?

Q. And did you use that number to look at the pharmacies that are on Exhibit 48?

Q. But I take it you didn't as a systematic matter look at every pharmacy that had above-average oxy 30 sales based on the average you gave to the DEA?

Q. Now, did you investigate Food City?

Q. Do you know what initiated that investigation?

Q. What generated it?

Q. Let me hand you another document marked as Exhibit 49. [Exhibit 49 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see that this is a document involving an e-mail starting with an e-mail from Karen Harper to Bill Ratliff?

Q. And who is Karen Harper?

Q. And who is Bill Ratliff?

Q. So you were not at Mallinckrodt in 2012?

Q. When did you arrive at Mallinckrcdt?

Q. And why did Bill Ratliff leave Mallinckrodt?

Q. So with this document, do you see that Ms. Harper is responding to a report from Bill Ratliff sent in an e-mail to her on April 27th, 2012?

Q. Do you see that he says I spoke with Ed Hazewski, director of corporate security AmerisourceBergen, ABC, regarding Food City and specifically about the three DEA registrations listed below. He advised he is well aware of the three Food City pharmacies that are buying inordinate amounts of Oxycodone 30 milligram tablets, and that he was in the three stores two weeks ago. Do you see that?

Q. And so at this point in April of 2012, fair to say Mallinckrodt is on notice that the distributor AmerisourceBergen believes that you have three Food Cities in Knoxville, Tennessee, area selling inordinate amounts of Oxycodone 30 milligram tablets?

Q. Now, when a store is selling or a pharmacy is prescribing inordinate amounts of Oxycodone, would you consider that a red flag for diversion?

Q. What is a red flag for diversion?

Q. When you have a pharmacy that's buying inordinate amounts of Oxycodone, is that an indication that diversion may be going on?

Q. What about -- or do you see that Ed Hazewski told Bill Ratliff that, quote, the three pharmacies have one clinic, Bearden, that is driving the large numbers? Do you see that?

Q. I'm reading from the second-to-last sentence in that paragraph.

Q. Do you see that statement?

Q. So AmerisourceBergen's director cf corporate security is advising Mallinckrodt here that the three Food City pharmacies have a clinic that drives their large numbers?

Q. Do you know anything about the Bearden clinic that's referred to in this e-mail that's Exhibit 49?

Q. Do you know if anyone at Mallinckrodt ever identified Bearden as a pill mill?

Q. Do you know whether Mallinckrodt ever reported Bearden to the DEA?

Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt ever reported the Bearden clinic to law enforcement?

Q. Do you know if anybody at Mallinckrodt took any action based on this report from Ed Hazewski, director of corporate security for AmerisourceBergen, to investigate Bearden?

Q. Based on this report, did Mallinckrodt take any steps with respect to the Bearden clinic and potential diversion?

Q. Do you see that Mr. Hazewski at AmerisourceBergen says, according to Mr. Ratliff, quote, the problem -- explained is the size of Food City as an ABC customer and the fact that this is only three of the Food City pharmacies. Do you see that?

Q. So fair to say that AmerisourceBergen's director of corporate security said you've got at least three Food City pharmacies selling inordinate amounts of Oxycodone, but we're not going to do anything because they're a big customer?

Q. Would you say the fact that you had one clinic driving the large numbers of prescribers -- was that a red flag for diversion?

Q. Do you see that that Mr. Ratliff says -- next paragraph -- at this point I advised Ed that based on the unusually large orders of oxy 30 milligram tablets, Mallinckrodt is considering putting them on a restricted chargeback list?

Q. What's the restricted chargeback list?

Q. And in what -- what does it mean to put somebody on a restricted chargeback list?

Q. So the point is if you put someone on a restricted chargeback list, they don't get these payments back to balance out the pricing for the pharmaceuticals that are sold out of that pharmacy?

Q. And so that's a way of trying to regulate the sale of opioids at a particular pharmacy?

Q. It creates a --

Q. -- financial incentive for the distributor not to sell to the pharmacy; is that fair?

Q. So did Mallinckrodt ever put the Food City pharmacies on a restricted chargeback list?

Q. Do you see that Mr. Ratliff says I explained the similarity of Food City and the Cardinal issue with CVS in Florida, and Ed advised that that had also been discussed internally? Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what he was referring to with the Cardinal issue with CVS in Florida?

Q. Well, what issues did Cardinal, the drug distributor, have with CVS in Florida that you know of?

Q. And did Cardinal get investigated by the Drug Enforcement Administration for distributing drugs improperly, opioids improperly, to CVS stores in -- or CVS operations in Florida?

Q. So do you have any idea what Mr. Ratliff was referring to when he's talking about the similarity between Food City and the Cardinal issue with CVS in Florida?

Q. As part of your work at Mallinckrodt, did you ever review this correspondence related to the Food City pharmacies in Knoxville that is here as Exhibit 49?

Q. When did you first become aware of it?

Q. Did you review this document before this litigation occurred as part of an investigation of Mallinckrodt's relationship with Food City stores in Knoxville?

Q. Can you read the final paragraph of Mr. Ratliff's e-mail starting with the words "based on" into the record?

Q. And I think your testimony today is that Food City was never put on the restricted chargeback list; fair?

Q. And that's true for all three Food City stores that are discussed in this e-mail?

Q. And do you know why, if the chief security officer for Mallinckrodt had the personal opinion that these stores should be on the chargeback list, why they weren't put on the chargeback list?

Q. Fair to say Mallinckrodt was supplying opioids to Food City until just recently; is that correct?

Q. You just know they weren't put on the chargeback list -- restricted chargeback list?

Q. Now, do you see that Bill Ratliff was adding his e-mail to an earlier e-mail sent by Donald Lohman to Jennifer Buist and Bill Ratliff and Karen Harper on April 26th, 2012? Do you see that?

Q. Do you see that Donald Lohman mentions that Anda was looking at becoming a secondary distributor to Food City?

Q. Was Food City considering using two distributors -- was that a red flag for diversion?

Q. Was that something that would be a potential indicator of diversion?

Q. But often is the use by a pharmacy of multiple distributors an indicator of diversion?

Q. You say not necessarily, but sometimes it can be; fair?

Q. That you look at?

Q. Do you see then that -- and by the way, who was Donald Lohman?

Q. And do you see he lists a series of figures for Food City prescriptions filled? Do you see that?

Q. And do you see that he notes that for Oxycodone 30 milligram the filled prescriptions amounted to approximately 800,000 per store?

Q. So that would be well over 10 times the 69,000 figure that you described in your memo regarding your conversations with the DEA that's Exhibit 46; fair?

Q. Yes. I'm just --

Q. That's right.

Q. No problem.

Q. Yeah. I mean, 800,000 units of Oxycodone 30 by a pharmacy -- would you say that's a red flag for diversion?

Q. Well, let me see -- this might be helpful. Why don't you just read into the record --

Q. Sure. I think this will become clear.

Q. Why don't you read into the record Donald Lohman's statement about these pharmacies starting with the words "however" at the top of the page that's Bates number 7110. And just read through all three paragraphs about the total sales.

Q. All I can do is just look at the report.

Q. No, I understand. And if you could just read what the associate general counsel of Mallinckrodt wrote, starting with the word "however."

Q. So you're seeing here that the 269,000 figure is actually just a 30-day total of oxy 15 and 30 milligram tablets?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And you see that for the annualized total for Oxycodone 30 is 800,000 per store? Do you see that?

Q. And so would you say that's a red flag for diversion that the Food City stores in Knoxville on a per-store basis are selling well over 10 times what the DEA says was the average -- or what you told the DEA was the average Oxycodone 30 sales per store?

Q. Well, can you tell me every step that Mallinckrodt took immediately after this series of April 2012 e-mails to investigate Food City stores in Knoxville?

Q. But the point is, no action was taken with respect to Food City; right?

Q. But the point is, not only did Mallinckrodt not report them to law enforcement or to the DEA, Mallinckrodt didn't even put them on the restricted chargeback list; right?

Q. I'm going to hand you exhibit --

Q. Sir, I'd like to hand you Exhibit 50. [Exhibit 50 marked for identification.]

Q. And do you recognize this document?

Q. And what is it?

Q. And where do pharmacy information sheets get generated?

Q. So this is a message from a distributor to Mallinckrodt?

Q. Are these forms sent routinely, or is this because of a particular issue?

Q. And so is a -- was one of these sheets sent with a request that information be provided?

Q. And AmerisourceBergen -- is that a distributor of pharmaceuticals?

Q. And they were distributing to this Food City?

Q. And that's the Food City at 7608 Mountain Grove Drive in Knoxville?

Q. So what they identify here is the percentage of controlled substances versus non-controlled substances? Do you see that?

Q. And it states 48.9 percent controlled substances?

Q. Was that a red flag for diversion?

Q. Could it be, having that large percentage of the business be controlled substances?

Q. What about the volume of controlled substances tablets per month approximately? You see there's 184,505 tablets a month?

Q. Was that a red flag for diversion?

Q. Could be?

Q. What about at the bottom, do you see there's a note that says as of November 15th, 2012, ABC will no longer be servicing any Food City accounts, FC buy-in group, Topco, leaving ABC may not be related to SOM, but could be. Do you see that?

Q. So whose words are those -- may not be related to SOM, but could be?

Q. Is that something that AmerisourceBergen has written, or is that something that Mallinckrodt has written?

Q. And AmerisourceBergen is saying as of November 15th, 2012, we're no longer going to service Food City accounts; is that right?

Q. And we're saying we're no longer going to provide drugs, distribute drugs to Food City?

Q. Is a distributor's decision to cease providing drugs to a pharmacy a red flag for diversion?

Q. It's not?

Q. The may not be related to SOM -- SOM is a reference to suspicious order monitoring?

Q. And you don't know who said the fact that AmerisourceBergen is parting ways with Food City may not be related to suspicious order monitoring, but could be? You don't know whose sentence that is?

Q. Do you know any steps that Mallinckrodt took to respond to this pharmacy information sheet that is Exhibit 50 to your deposition?

Q. Let me hand you another exhibit. I'd like to hand you Exhibit 51. [Exhibit 51 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see that this is an e-mail from Bill de Gutierrez-Mahoney to Jennifer Buist?

Q. Who is Jennifer Buist?

Q. At Mallinckrodt?

Q. And Bill Mahoney works at McKesson?

Q. McKesson is a drug distributor?

Q. They take drugs from Mallinckrodt and distribute them to places like -- to pharmacies; is that fair?

Q. And they would acquire prescription opioids from Mallinckrodt, among other drugs, and then distribute them to pharmacies; is that right?

Q. And do you see that Mr. Mahoney says on July 19th, 2013, we have suspended controls deliveries to this stores effective 6-21?

Q. And do you see that Linda Martin sends Jennifer Buist an e-mail that says Jen, Food City pharmacies are Bill's? Do you see that?

Q. And is he, Bill Mahoney, indicating to Mallinckrodt that McKesson has suspended delivery of controlled substances to Food City?

Q. And is suspended controls -- is that a statement that indicates the suspension of delivery of controlled substances?

Q. And do you know why McKesson in July 2013 suspended deliveries of controlled substances to Food City?

Q. Is the suspension of controlled substances to a pharmacy a red flag for diversion?

Q. I'm going to hand you another document. Do you see that the next document is another pharmacy information sheet?

Q. And do you see that it is sent by Bill Mahoney at McKesson?

Q. And do you see that it is reporting with respect to a Food City pharmacy on Hardin Valley Road in Knoxville?

Q. Do you see it reports that the percentage of controlled substances versus non-controlled at this pharmacy in July 2013 is 65 percent?

Q. Would you agree that's a red flag?

Q. Could be?

Q. Do you see that the volume tablets by month for controlled substances is 96,000?

Q. And again --

Q. Okay, sir. Do you have Exhibit 52 in front of you?

Q. And do you see that in the final box of this pharmacy information sheet there is a narrative description that says Food City, K-VA-T is the parent company, grocery store located in fast-growing part of Knoxville. Pharmacy is located in the grocery store, a part of Topco, a collection of a buy-in group. MCK began reviewing pharm in mid-June, levels of cxy high, stopped supplying CS in late June. Mickey Glaezer , director of pharmacy, Bearden clinic, is close by. Prescribers associated with clinic located in clinic. Bill visited the clinic as well, didn't see any signs of bad behavior. Do you see that?

Q. Is this written by McKesson?

Q. So McKesson's reporting that Bearden clinic is close by?

Q. And he is reporting that McKesson stopped prescribing controlled substances in late June?

Q. He's reporting that McKesson stopped supplying controlled substances in late June to Food City?

Q. Now, do you see a listing of prescribers, starting with Teodora Neagu?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Do you see Barbara Brauch?

Q. Do you see Brandy Burchell?

Q. Do you see Christina Collins?

Q. Do you know whether they all work at the Bearden clinic?

Q. Could you -- have you looked since you started preparing for this deposition to see whether any of those prescribers worked at the Bearden clinic?

Q. Do you see that? Could you look at the notice of deposition that's Exhibit 1? And do you see on Page 19 there's an Attachment 2?

Q. And do you see that some of these prescribers, Teodora Neagu and Brandy Burchell, are listed as associated with Bearden Healthcare Associates?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. I see only two, Teodora Neagu and Brandy Burchell.

Q. Do you see those?

Q. Now, here's my question. When Mallinckrodt got this notice from McKesson in July of 2013 that you had a Food City with 65 percent of its prescriptions as controlled substances, the fact that McKesson had stopped supplying controlled substances, did Food -- did Mallinckrodt take any steps to investigate either the Food City or the nearby Bearden clinic?

Q. Well, did you know that your own sales team had called the Bearden clinic in March of 2013 a big glorified pill mill?

Q. Have you ever conducted an investigation into these prescribers -- Neagu, Brauch, Burchell, and Collins -- as to their volume of prescribing?

Q. What sort of due diligence would you have done?

Q. Would there be any record of the searches that you conducted and any investigation that you did?

Q. What sort of record would we find?

Q. So you --

Q. And do you have a single list of prescribers that you investigated within Mallinckrodt?

Q. You had a list of prescribers that you investigated?

Q. Is that maintained today in Mallinckrodt's records?

Q. And that document contains all the prescribers that you investigated?

Q. Does it show the dates on which the investigation --

Q. And what is the last date on which entries were made to the list of investigated prescribers you're talking about?

Q. Do you know what the title of that document is?

Q. And how would I find that document within Mallinckrodt's files?

Q. And --

Q. I'm going to hand you a document, Exhibit 53. [Exhibit 53 marked for identification.]

Q. And do you see it's an e-mail frcm Jennifer Buist to you dated 7-22-2013?

Q. And she says, subject, call to discuss Food City pharmacy?

Q. And can you turn to the next page?

Q. And do you see that the Bates number, sir, on the first page of this exhibit is -- up here -- MNK-TNSTA04437502?

Q. And then do you see that the next page, which is a document produced in native format, is the next sequence and the Bates number ends in 7503?

Q. Now, let's look at that document. Do you see this chart here?

Q. And what kind of information is this?

Q. And do you see that in May 2013 it appears that this Food City pharmacy received 40,800 oxy 30s?

Q. So do you see that in a single month this Food City received nearly two-thirds of the average amount that Mallinckrodt expected of oxy 30s for a pharmacy to use in a year in a single month?

Q. Well, the DEA said the average for a pharmacy for an entire year was 69,000; is that fair?

Q. And here Mallinckrodt is receiving 40,800 of those pills in a single month; fair?

Q. Let me restate that question.

Q. Here Mallinckrodt -- not Mallinckrodt.

Q. Here Food City pharmacy is receiving from Mallinckrodt 40,800 Mallinckrodt oxy 30 pills in May 2013; is that what this document says?

Q. McKe -- go ahead. Excuse me.

Q. McKesson provided Food City in May 2013 40,800 Mallinckrodt-manufactured oxy 30 pills; fair?

Q. Was that a red flag for diversion, that in

Q. Well, did Mallinckrodt consider this figure, 40,800 oxy 30 pills in a single month, to be a red flag for diversion?

Q. Well, how many would it have to be to be a red flag for diversion? What if a pharmacy received 100,000 pills in a single month? Would that be a red flag?

Q. But is there any level that is just unacceptable to Mallinckrodt? Any level of pills being delivered to a Tennessee pharmacy?

Q. I mean, your own assistant general counsel had noted that this pharmacy was distributing or filling prescriptions for approximately 800,000 oxy 30 pills a year; fair?

Q. Can you name for me any figure, any amount of oxy 30s that this Food City in Knoxville could sell that would be a red flag of diversion to Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay, but I just want to make sure. I gave you a chance to tell me a number of oxy 30s distributed by a pharmacy in a year that Mallinckrodt would consider a red flag for diversion, and you're not giving me one?

Q. Well, let's look further at what actually happened with these Food Cities. Here's Exhibit 54. [Exhibit 54 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see this is another pharmacy informat --

Q. Do you see this is that pharmacy information sheet we looked at earlier?

Q. Now, do you see there is a notation on the sheet, which is a handwritten notation?

Q. Do you see it says suspension lifted week of 8-12-2013 for three stores, script count is low, all of the CS have thresholds, and it lists a series of thresholds, oxy 4K, hydro 4K, alprazolam 3K, and all of other CS 1 to 2K?

Q. So first of all, is this saying that McKesson has lifted its suspension of the Food City stores?

Q. At this point did you ask McKesson to tell you what the basis for lifting the suspension was?

Q. And what did they say?

Q. Hold on. Are you still reading?

Q. Yes. My question is, did McKesson -- first of all, did Mallinckrodt at this point take any action with McKesson after it determined that these Food City stores, as its assistant general counsel had indicated, had been selling hundreds of thousands of oxy 30 pills? Did Mallinckrodt take any action to restrict McKesson to ensure that it did not continue to supply these huge volumes to Food Cities?

Q. So here -- let me just hand you another document. Maybe you can help me with this. So here on 8-22 --

Q. So in two thou -- in August 2013, McKesson tells you they've imposed these limits on -- for oxy, hydro, and other opioids on the Food City on Hardin Valley Road; fair?

Q. And so they say we've reduced Hardin Valley Road pharmacy to just 4,000 Oxycodone tablets, I guess, a month? Is that how I read that?

Q. Sure. Is what this handwritten note that says thresholds, oxy 4K, means on Exhibit 54 that McKesson is telling you -- you, Mallinckrodt -- we're going to limit the shipments of Oxycodone to the Hardin Valley Food City to just 4,000 pills a month; is that right?

Q. Well, here's my confusion. First of all, the volume of controlled substances per tablets per month on that very pharmacy information sheet is 96,000. Does that reflect the prior month's prescriptions?

Q. Well, here's my confusion, though. Look at Exhibit 55. [Exhibit 55 marked for identification.]

Q. So do you see this is for a different Food City on Chapman Highway?

Q. And here do you see that it has a listing for volume of Oxycodone family tablets?

Q. And do you see it says 14,500 tablets a month?

Q. And it's got 43,504 tablets from October through December 2013?

Q. So did McKesson not restrict the other Food Cities, just let them distribute as much Oxycodone as people demanded?

Q. Well, we can tell that the thresholds didn't apply to the Food City that's listed in Exhibit 55 because its volume of Oxycodone vastly exceeds those thresholds; right?

Q. We know it certainly wasn't 4,000 Oxycodone a month; right?

Q. Well, we do know that a pharmacy that is filling prescriptions for 43,504 tablets of Oxycodone from October through December is filling prescriptions for a lot more than 4,000 a month; right?

Q. So my point is, did it trouble anyone at Mallinckrodt that after all this discussion with McKesson about cutting back the Oxycodone distributed at one Food City pharmacy that essentially the volume just shifted over to another Food City pharmacy over the hill in another part of this same area?

Q. Do you think it really helps people in Knoxville or east Tennessee get a handle on diversion when people from the Bearden glorified pill mill can simply shift from one Food City to another to get their opioids?

Q. Did McKess -- did Mallinckrodt ever send an investigator physically into Knoxville to investigate Food City?

Q. Did anybody in Mallinckrodt talk to law enforcement in Knoxville about the Bearden clinic or the Food Cities?

Q. Has anyone at Mallinckrodt at any point tallied up all the people that worked at the Bearden clinic to figure out how many of them have been disciplined by their licensing boards?

Q. I'd like to hand you another document, Mallinckrodt Exhibit 56. [Exhibit 56 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see that you have a listing -- or a document here on Exhibit 56 that lists a series of prescribers whose prescriptions were filled at Food City?

Q. And is this a Mallinckrodt record created by IQVIA data?

Q. And tell me what sources it's created by.

Q. And what does the IMS data show you?

Q. So in May of 2013, Mallinckrodt evaluated the number of prescriptions that these prescribers were writing?

Q. I'm looking at the document itself. I see. So this was provided -- the document was created in July 2013?

Q. And do you see that -- oh, so the date the IMS data is good through is May 2013?

Q. And did anyone check with the sales team to see what their on-the-ground observations were of the clinic where these people had worked or the people themselves?

Q. You're not aware whether anyone checked with the sales staff to see if these people worked at a clinic identified as a pill mill by your own sales team?

Q. Do you -- if these people worked at a pill mill, would it have mattered to Mallinckrodt?

Q. So Mallinckrodt considers people working at a pill mill in the State of Tennessee to be a data point?

Q. But you said it was a data point?

Q. Do you see the volume -- TRX, all opioids -- do you see that column right there?

Q. And TRX means prescriptions?

Q. And this is a figure that you get from IQVIA data or IMS data, as it's called?

Q. Those are synonyms -- IMS data means IQVIA and vice-versa?

Q. Fair?

Q. The point is the na -- there are different names for the same type of data?

Q. And the --

Q. And what you know as IMS data tells you how many prescriptions of particular drugs these physicians write?

Q. And for example, that means that Teodora Neagu wrote for all plaids 9,013 prescriptions during this time period?

Q. And here we've got Brandy Burchell is -- she's written 7,131 opioid prescriptions during the time period?

Q. And then Christina Collins has written 6,913 during that time period?

Q. Do you see there are rankings, like oxy 30 rank?

Q. Is that rankings in the nation for all prescribers?

Q. Now, were these prescription levels a red flag for diversion, these prescription levels that are listed on this exhibit that you're looking at right now?

Q. What is -- what do you mean by not necessarily?

Q. A high prescription level could be a red flag for diversion?

Q. And do you see that there's a statement that -- about the fourth block in that says on target list? Do you see that?

Q. What does on target list mean?

Q. These are prescribers that your sales team has been directed to go out and talk to to promote Mallinckrodt products --

Q. -- during this time?

Q. And could you turn to Exhibit 23? You've got it in the stack right here. Do you have that in front of you, Exhibit 23?

Q. I'm going to represent -- I don't know if you've seen this list -- well, I'll ask you. Have you seen this list of three-star prescribers by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Let me ask you, can you just flip to the list that is attached to Exhibit 23? Do you see that?

Q. Can you look at the cell that's 765 and tell me if you see Christina Collins listed?

Q. And do you see that she's one of the prescribers that -- on Exhibit 56 -- that Mallinckrodt evaluated with respect to level of prescriptions?

Q. She's one of the people that worked at the Bearden clinic?

Q. But she is one of the prescribers that you looked at in connection with your investigation of Food City?

Q. And Teodora Neagu -- she's also on your three-star prescriber list? She's at Cell 768? Do you see that?

Q. And then Brandy Burchell, she's at 843 on the three-star prescriber list? Do you see that?

Q. And all three of these prescribers are prescribers that appear on Exhibit 56, which is the list of prescribers whose volume of prescriptions Mallinckrodt was looking at at the time McKesson was investigating Food City?

Q. Sure. I just want to make sure. You looked at the three-star prescriber list, and three of them -- Teodora Neagu, Brandy Burchell, and Christina Collins -- are three prescribers that show up on Exhibit 56, which is this sheet that was generated when Mallinckrodt looked at prescribers in connection with Food City?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt keep track of -- once these prescribers had been brought to its attention, did Mallinckrodt do anything to keep track of these prescribers and see whether or not their higher volume of prescribing resulted in board discipline, convictions for crimes, or other actions that would suggest they were involved with diversion?

Q. Now, I'd like to hand you another document. This is Exhibit 57. [Exhibit 57 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see Exhibit 57?

Q. What is it?

Q. And is this a file memo that you wrote that describes your conversations with the DEA?

Q. I take it again when you write these memos, you try to create an accurate description of your discussions with the DEA?

Q. You put in the important information that you talk about; fair?

Q. Now, do you see that you state in your fourth paragraph down, the top 10 percent of narcotic prescribers write an average of 1,716 narcotic analgesic prescriptions a year. The top 10 percent of hydrocodone APAP prescribers write an average of one thousand one hundred -- or 1,010 hydrocodone APAP prescriptions a year. Do you see that?

Q. Now, do you see that -- if you turn back to Exhibit 56. Do you see that the three prescribers that you looked at -- or three of the four prescribers that you looked at in connection with Food City prescribed many times those amounts of plaids?

Q. And do you see that Exhibit 56 generated in connection with Food City was created in July of 2013? Do you see that?

Q. Sure. Do you see that where it says date provided that the date for Exhibit 56, looking at these prescribers --

Q. -- in connection with Food City, is July 2013?

Q. So that comes after your meeting with the DEA that you detail in your memo of October 5th, 2012, that's Exhibit 57; is that fair?

Q. So did it concern Mallinckrodt that Teodora Neagu had prescribed opioids at a rate, gosh, five times the average for the top 10 percent of narcotic analgesic prescribers?

Q. Well, was there any level of prescribing above and beyond the averages for the top 10 percent narcotics prescribers that would be a red flag for diversion?

Q. Do you see that in this document that your memo of October 5th, 2012, you note according to available data from September 11th to two thousand -- pardon me. I'll say that again. Do you see where you write in this October 5th, 2012, memorandum according to available data from September 2011 to September 2012, Dr. Andreassan wrote more than 29,000 narcotic prescriptions, of which more than 13 were for hydrocodone?

Q. And why do you mention that?

Q. And what about a doctor -- do you see you talk about Dr. Gurpreet Padda?

Q. Why were you talking about Dr. Gurpreet Padda?

Q. Do you see where you say in between September 2011 to September 2012 Dr. Padda wrote more than 6,000 narcotic prescriptions, of which more than 3,000 were for hydrocodone?

Q. And so you raised those numbers with the DEA?

Q. But do you see that three of the four prescribers you looked at in connection with Food City -- Teodora Neagu, Brandy Burchell, and Christina Collins -- they all wrote more prescriptions than this Dr. Padda fellow that you mention in your October 2012 discussions with the DEA; fair?

Q. How come you didn't report them to the DEA?

Q. Do you think maybe that talking to somebody who had actually been in the office where Teodora Neagu, Brandy Burchell, and Christina Collins prescribed might have helped flesh out your understanding of the nature of their high levels of prescribing?

Q. Anyone at Mallinckrodt ever tell you not to examine certain prescribers on Mallinckrodt's target list?

Q. Let me hand you Exhibit 58. [Exhibit 58 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see that you've been handed a document entitled IMS high prescribers through January 2013?

Q. And looking at the document, is that a Mallinckrodt -- is that a Mallinckrodt document?

Q. Well, does it look like a document that comes from information that Mallinckrodt maintains?

Q. And Mallinckrodt maintains IMS data?

Q. And can you just turn to the first page? And do you see that it appears to list prescriptions by prescriber for the period December 2011 to November 2012?

Q. Yeah. Well, what I'm reading is -- I'll tell you what, you're familiar with Mallinckrcdt's system, so why don't you tell me, as you look at the report, what date is covered by this report, what date of prescribing?

Q. And what it says at the top is source, IMS Exponent, February 12th-January 13. Do you see that?

Q. And then it goes on from there. There's -- it says excludes hospitals, semicolon, IMS LRX Exponent, December 2011 to November 2012; fair?

Q. Tell you what, let's just clear up the record. Read the whole -- we're looking at the first page of this spreadsheet; fair?

Q. Read the entire text from Cell 1.

Q. No, the next page.

Q. And we'll have to run -- we'll have to clarify the year in question. But do you see that what it has is it has a list of prescriptions for all opioids, for hydro APAP, for oxy IR, and a series of other data components with respect to particular prescribers?

Q. Do you see that you've got prescriptions for all plaids listed?

Q. And do you know if Mallinckrodt today maintains IMS data establishing -- or that would enable somebody to determine all the opioids prescribed by a particular doctor in Tennessee for a given year?

Q. Do you know if in 2016 Mallinckrcdt maintained IMS data that allowed it to determine the opioids prescribed by a Tennessee prescriber for a given year?

Q. Well, when you had IMS data before you stopped, was it always possible to determine the amount of all opioids prescribed by a Tennessee provider?

Q. And you could also see the hydro APAP opioids prescribed for a given period?

Q. And similarly you could determine, when Mallinckrodt maintained IMS data, the oxy IR prescriptions written by a particular prescriber in Tennessee for a time period?

Q. And one time period you could look at would be a year; fair?

Q. You could look at for any given doctor in Tennessee, when Mallinckrodt maintained IMS data, the doctor's total opioid prescriptions, the hydro APAP prescriptions, and the oxy IR prescriptions fcr a given year?

Q. So let's look at a couple of the doctors on this list right here. Do you see the first one is Robert Cochran?

Q. And do you see that he has prescribed for all plaids 26,380?

Q. And that is many, many times the 1,716 narcotic analgesic prescriptions prescribed by the top 10 percent of prescribers as outlined in your October 2012 memo; fair?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. I mean, you've got on the front page of this document a listing of a multitude of prescribers, starting with Robert Cochran and going down to Teodora Neagu. Do you see that?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And do you see that every single prescriber on Page 1, as marked -- every single prescriber is in the State of Tennessee? Do you see that?

Q. And every prescriber on this page is prescribing over 9,000 prescriptions of opioids for the given period; fair?

Q. And all those numbers, 9,000, that's many times the top 10 percent -- or many times the average prescriptions for opioids written by the top 10 percent of narcotics prescribers, as indicated by you in your discussions with the DEA?

Q. Can you look at Exhibit 58 and identify any doctor in Tennessee that you refer to the Drug Enforcement Administration?

Q. So the fact that a doctor prescribed 9,000 prescriptions of opioids in a year wouldn't in and of itself yield a review?

Q. That wasn't my question, though.

Q. My question -- I understand. My question is simply whether or not you've got this list of prescribers, many of whom prescribe many more thousands of opioids than these 1,706 opioid average for the top 10 percent prescribers; fair?

Q. And I'm just trying to figure out for any reason whether Mallinckrodt referred any of these prescribers on Exhibit 58 to the DEA for an investigation in the way that you've referred a couple of prescribers outlined in your October 5th, 2012, memo.

Q. I just want to make sure -- you're here as

Q. Sure. I just want to make sure I'm clear, that as you're sitting here today, you can't point me to a single Tennessee prescriber that you referred to the Drug Enforcement Administration; fair?

Q. And does Mallinckrodt agree that some prescribers overprescribe opioids?

Q. Well, but does Mallinckrodt -- is Mallinckrodt aware that some prescribers overprescribe opioids?

Q. And Mallinckrodt is aware that there are prescribers that write prescriptions outside a legitimate medical need?

Q. And can Mallinckrodt use IMS data to determine which prescribers are likely engaged in diversion?

Q. So even if IMS data shows a prescriber, as indicated on Exhibit 58, as prescribing 26,380 opioid prescriptions in a year, that's not in and of itself a red flag for diversion?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever conduct a study to determine whether high prescribers of opioids were more likely than other prescribers to be subject tc professional discipline?

Q. Can you tell me generally how Mallinckrodt's system for detecting suspicious orders of opioids worked?

Q. Tell me about the formula you'd use and how it would apply to orders.

Q. Tell me, in 2014, for example, what was the formula? How did it work?

Q. So you said a 2.5 formula. So what did that -- how did that operate in practice?

Q. So would you be comparing a month -- an order in a given month to the previous average, whether by 12 or 18 months?

Q. Well --

Q. You would be comparing a order today against your past performance?

Q. And typically a past period of months from the date of the order that's being considered backward?

Q. Here's my question. Did Mallinckrodt do anything to determine whether or not the baseline for comparison was legitimate?

Q. Well, couldn't you have a situation where the baseline level of orders included orders that reflected illegal prescribing?

Q. By building into your system past -- immediate past performance, wasn't Mallinckrodt essentially accepting that past level of opioid prescribing as a baseline number?

Q. Well, if you are trying to figure out whether an order is suspicious or not, and your system triggers a review of an order, if it's significantly more than for the past 12 or 18 months, that's how your system determined whether orders were initially suspicious; is that correct?

Q. I think your testimony is the way your system would identify orders that were suspicious is the system would compare an order to the order history for a particular customer, and if it was significantly more, then it would be viewed as suspicious; is that correct?

Q. How did it work?

Q. Well, for a peculiar order, the baseline that you're comparing for for the 12- or 18-month period, that would be based on the historic orders from that particular customer; is that right?

Q. And you know opioid use has gone up very significantly in the United States from 2010 at least up through 2014, 2015; fair?

Q. Sure. Opioid use rose significantly from, say, 2000 to 2015 in the United States; fair?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever conduct any study to determine whether or not the baseline figures for the 12- or 18-month period that it was using to determine suspicious orders included improper orders that reflected diversion?

Q. But I'm just getting at the fact that when you would identify an order as what you call peculiar because you're looking at the prior period of 12 or 18 months, aren't you building into the system the high volumes of prescribing established during that 12- or 18-month period for comparison?

Q. Because if a customer's orders fcr a previous 12- or 18-month period, if the volume of order for that previous period included significant diversion, then the whole system would fail, right, because it would set too high a threshold for a suspicious order?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever conduct a study to determine whether the order levels from its customers, such as Cardinal, McKesson, or AmerisourceBergen, reflected diversion?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever analyze, after looking at AmerisourceBergen's shipments to Food City in Knoxville in 2013, whether or not AmerisourceBergen's orders of opioids were reflective of significant diversion of opioids?

Q. Was there any time when Mallinckrodt conducted an investigation to determine whether one of its distributor customers was systemically ordering (Diploids at levels that reflected diversion?

Q. Is it fair to say that Mallinckrcdt never independently determined that a customer's 18-month history of ordering was reasonable?

Q. But my question is, did anyone lcok at the order levels for a given customer and determine whether the order history over 12 or 18 months reflected diversion?

Q. I'm going to hand you an exhibit, Exhibit 59. [Exhibit 59 marked for identification.]

Q. Once an order was identified by your computer system as something to be looked at, what sort of review is conducted?

Q. And so where would the identified order come in? Who would look at it first after the computer system had determined it needed to be looked at?

Q. Well, is there a particular department that would look at it?

Q. And customer service reps are responsible for dealing with customers of Mallinckrodt?

Q. And what do they do with customers?

Q. But the customer service reps would also be responsible for the relationship with the customer; is that fair?

Q. Well, would they be involved in the sales process to Mallinckrodt's customers?

Q. Well, they're called customer service reps. They're there to service the customers; is that fair?

Q. Well, but the customer service reps -- who would they report to in the Mallinckrodt organization?

Q. They would not report, I take it, to compliance?

Q. Did any customer service reps report to You?

Q. And so these customer -- do you know what the compensation for customer service reps was?

Q. Do you know whether they received incentive compensation based on sales of Mallinckrodt opioids?

Q. Now, once a customer service rep noticed that a -- or received information that an order had been flagged for review, what would occur?

Q. And then would DEA compliance approve the order?

Q. Incidentally you said that Mallinckrodt never sent a suspicious order? Did you see that? Do you remember --

Q. Never shipped a suspicious order?

Q. Do you remember the e-mail we looked at in which your general counsel talked about certain Food City pharmacies filling prescriptions for 800,000 Oxycodone pills in a year?

Q. Can you tell me why you don't think that the orders that contributed to the 800,000 prescriptions issued by Food City locations in Knoxville, Tennessee, were not suspicious?

Q. What was your position at Mallinckrodt again?

Q. And your predecessor head of global security had said that we need to put Food Cities -- or his view was we need to put Food Cities on a chargeback restriction list? Do you remember that?

Q. What makes you so sure that after your head of global security said that Food Cities ought to be put on a chargeback restriction list that the orders made by distributors to supply those Food Cities were not suspicious?

Q. It sounds like your view is if an order was shipped, then ipso facto it must not be suspicious.

Q. Well, let's get back to your order process. Let's look at Exhibit 59. Do you see that this is an e-mail from Brenda Rehkop to Jim Rausch?

Q. And she says Jim, can we have the PS hold removed from our order flow? This is the hold system that puts on -- this is the -- let me restate that. She says Jim, can we have the PS hold removed from our order flow? This is the hold the system puts on, quote, suspicious, close quote, orders. Do you see that she says that?

Q. Who is Jim Rausch? Do you know?

Q. Who was Brenda Rehkop?

Q. And is PS holds a phrase that you're familiar with?

Q. Do you see that she wants to remove the PS hold from her order flow system?

Q. And then she says we do not do anything with these orders except have to remember to release them. Do you see that?

Q. So fair to say in 2011 when an order was put on hold for being suspicious, there wasn't an investigation; Mallinckrodt simply released them?

Q. And the point is you were not at Mallinckrodt in May 2011 when Brenda Rehkop sent this e-mail to Jim Rausch; fair?

Q. So really you're not in a position to say whether or not her characterization of the suspicious order review process is accurate or not --

Q. -- for this period; fair?

Q. What we have here is one customer service representative's assessment of how the process worked; fair?

Q. Well, but you said that the customer service representative is the person that gets that order once it's been tagged as suspicious; right?

Q. So she would have been the person who was receiving the suspicious order holds; fair?

Q. And what she says is, well, we just don't do anything except we just wait to release them. That's her assessment at least of the orders she's dealing with at this time; fair?

Q. Let me hand you another exhibit. [Exhibit 60 marked for identification.]

Q. So Jim Rausch is the person who received the previous e-mail that we discussed that was Exhibit 59?

Q. And Jim Rausch -- do you see in the middle of this document that's Exhibit 60 Jim Rausch sends Karen Harper an e-mail dated June 9th, 2010?

Q. Do you see that he says I have not had any orders in the classification of peculiar that has not been cleared and explainable thus far. As we have discussed, it takes time to get the information back from marketing and sales, sometimes all day. Since I don't hold the orders up during my due diligence, it's possible that the order could ship. I thought we discussed this and alerting the DEA about a suspicious order/customer for further investigation would be our process going forward. Do you see that?

Q. So what he's saying there at least at this time, 2010, his practice was to release the orders immediately without waiting for any investigation; is that right?

Q. And you see that Karen Harper says Jim, we absolutely did have the discussion previously, and there is no disagreement now. Do you see that?

Q. And she says I merely wanted to confirm that we have not shipped any suspicious orders, even if we do the investigation after the shipment.

Q. But I mean, she's just confirming what he said to her, which is that they don't wait; they just immediately send out the order without any investigation, and then any investigation occurs after the fact; fair?

Q. Let's -- let me hand you the next document. I mean, at the time you weren't supposed to ship an order that was suspicious; right? You were supposed to investigate first before it was shipped; fair?

Q. Right?

Q. Sure. At the time that Karen Harper e-mailed Jim Rausch in June 2010, the requirement was that you hold an order if it was suspicious; fair?

Q. So you think that in 2010 the DEA said it was okay to ship an order even after it had been identified as suspicious?

Q. But the point is you felt that in 2010 the fact that an order had been triggered by your system as what you call peculiar, that did not preclude Mallinckrodt shipping the order even before any investigation was concluded?

Q. Go ahead.

Q. But I'm just -- go ahead. Excuse me.

Q. And I just want to make sure I understand. I understand your testimony about what they did. Is it your testimony that in 2010 Mallinckrodt's understanding was that it was not required to hold an order until the investigation was completed?

Q. And what I'm getting at is you interpreted that at Mallinckrodt, at least as of 2010, to let you ship orders after they had been triggered by your system as what you call peculiar even before a determination or an investigation had been conducted; fair?

Q. I can imagine. That was quite a few objections. Let me step back and ask it again.

Q. It sounds like you're saying that Mallinckrodt's belief was in 2010 that even after an order was identified as what you call peculiar, it could ship the order before a investigation was conducted?

Q. And you thought that was con -- you thought that was lawful?

Q. Here's Exhibit 61. [Exhibit 61 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see that this an e-mail from Eileen Spaulding to Carrie Johnson?

Q. And do you know who Eileen Spaulding was?

Q. How about Carrie Johnson?

Q. And then below do you see another e-mail from Eileen Spaulding to Karen Harper, Jennifer Buist, and Gale Tetzlaff?

Q. It says subject is fwd U2 holds?

Q. U2 hold is a suspicious monitoring hold?

Q. Do you see that Eileen Spaulding says Brenda Rehkop contacted me concerning the U2 holds. Although responsibility has transitioned to customer service to run the DC U2 hold reports, the DC keeps contacting customer service to advise us to review and release the orders. The DC continues to monitor the orders on hold and wants them released immediately once they go on hold. As you know, the multiple forced reports becomes burdensome for us, as it does for customer service. In some cases, DC is requesting orders to be reviewed/released -- will not ship until the next day or even later. Do you see that?

Q. Well, I'll tell you what. So we don't mess this up, why don't you read that -- I should have just had you do this. Read the paragraph starting with "Brenda Rehkop" into the record.

Q. So what is DC? Do you know what DC she's referring to?

Q. And she's saying that sometimes the process of reviewing orders might delay the order a single day? Is that her conclusion?

Q. Well, she says the DC is requesting orders to be reviewed/released that will not ship until the next day or even later. Do you see that?

Q. That's right.

Q. So what Eileen Spaulding is saying is, gosh, this suspicious order system is holding up our orders; is that right?

Q. Well, isn't she saying that the suspicious order monitoring process is cumbersome for Mallinckrodt?

Q. She's referring to the system whereby Mallinckrodt would identify suspicious orders?

Q. So you're not sure whether or not they're talking about holds under the suspicious order monitoring system?

Q. But do you think given that you've got Eileen Spaulding e-mailing Karen Harper, and you're dealing with Brenda Rehkop who in previous e-mails is talking about these holds, can we conclude that here we're talking about the holds placed on orders because of the suspicious order monitoring system?

Q. Let me give you the next document. Do you have in front of you Mallinckrodt Document Number 62? [Exhibit 62 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see you have Exhibit 62 in front of you, sir?

Q. And do you see that it's an e-mail from Scott Parker to Jennifer Buist?

Q. They're Mallinckrodt employees?

Q. Of Mallinckrodt?

Q. So Scott says Jennifer, I'll call you going forward. Putting one of our branded customer's order on a U2 hold should be discussed prior to the event. In most cases, I'll be able to provide additional information. Do you see that?

Q. And do you see this follows her e-mail saying Scott, as this is a new item, we're trying to understand what anticipated order quantities may be. Because it is a new item, it trips our algorithm and goes on a U2 hold. We're trying to better understand what estimated order quantity may -- quantities may be moving forward. Do you see that?

Q. And he's responding to his e-mail where he said Jennifer, there has to be a mistake in the 32 milligram. We just launched this SKU. How could it be on hold less than four weeks on the market?

Q. And what's going on here is this Exalgo that's been placed on hold?

Q. Do you see that at the bottom of the page with Bates number 6418 --

Q. -- it says Exalgo 32 milligram tablets?

Q. Yes. And then --

Q. And then --

Q. -- Scott says there's got to be a mistake on the 32 milligrams. We just launched this SKU. How could it be on hold less than four weeks on the market? Do you see that?

Q. And so what he directs her to do is going forward to call him before she puts any Exalgc on hold? Do you see that?

Q. Scott Parker is directing her to call him before she puts -- before an order of a branded Mallinckrodt product goes on hold; right?

Q. But that is what he's asking her, whether or not it can be accomplished; fair?

Q. Fair to say there's a lot of pressure from the sales team to prevent orders from being held up; is that right?

Q. How long was the average review cf an order identified as suspicious, or as you call it, peculiar, within the Mallinckrodt system?

Q. Do you know down to the -- did Mallinckrodt ever calculate down to the minute how many minutes elapsed between the time an order was identified as peculiar and the time it shipped?

Q. Was there a rec -- go ahead.

Q. Was there a record maintained within Mallinckrodt of every order that was identified as peculiar or suspicious?

Q. And today could I go back and identify with Mallinckrodt documents every order that Mallinckrodt received in the year 2014 that was tagged by its system as peculiar or suspicious?

Q. And could I determine the length of time that elapsed for each order between the time it was identified as peculiar or suspicious and the time it was shipped?

Q. Tell me everything that -- well, okay. Once an order was indicated as suspicious, it was up to the sales representative to decide how it should be investigated; is that right?

Q. Who would make that determination?

Q. Who led that team?

Q. And is there a record showing how long the DEA compliance team took to evaluate and clear suspicious orders in, say, 2014?

Q. Fair to say you don't know the average amount of time it took for Mallinckrodt's DEA compliance team to declare orders clear to ship --

Q. -- once they were identified as suspicious or peculiar?

Q. What considerations did the DEA compliance team give or take into account when they were deciding whether a peculiar or suspicious order should be clear for shipment?

Q. Sure. Were there standardized questions that the DEA compliance team asked with respect to suspicious orders to determine whether or not they could be shipped?

Q. Well, were there certain items of information that the DEA compliance team as a matter of routine considered when reviewing each suspicious order?

Q. Do you know if there was a written document that set out the process whereby Mallinckrodt employees would review suspicious or peculiar orders and determine whether or not they could be shipped?

Q. Do you -- let's turn -- I'm going to hand you Exhibit 63. [Exhibit 63 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see that Exhibit 63 is an e-mail from Shelley Palmer to Jennifer Buist and others, in which she says good afternoon, please see the attached report as there are several clinic orders on a U2 hold. We need them released ASAP if they are ship -- if they are to ship today. Why are we experiencing this all of

Q. And Shelley Palmer is a logistics planner?

Q. And that exhibit is dated April the 3rd, 2013; fair?

Q. And let me hand you the next exhibit. [Exhibit 64 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see that the next exhibit is Exhibit 64?

Q. And do you see this is an exhibit from the next day, April 2013?

Q. Yeah. And do you see that Shelley Palmer again is sending Jennifer Buist and others an e-mail, and she says the attached report is another order on U2 hold. Please release as soon as possible as this needs to ship today. Do you see that?

Q. And I take it we could look at Mallinckrodt's records to determine whether or not those orders shipped?

Q. Now, let me hand you Exhibit 65. [Exhibit 65 marked for identification.]

Q. And do you see Exhibit 65 is a series of e-mails?

Q. And turn to the second page of Exhibit 65 with --

Q. So if you turn to the second page of Exhibit 65 marked Bates number that ends in 9625, do you see an e-mail to Peter Romer from Jennifer Buist starts on the previous page, dated April 22nd, 2013?

Q. She says Pete, we have and order 70272848 for morphine sulphate ER 15 milligram tabs on U2 hold. Their quantity ordered exceeds any total quantity for any customer in their segment for the last 18 months. Do you see that?

Q. First of all, do you see she says this order was placed on U2 hold?

Q. So do you now recognize the U2 hold as this expression used for holding an order because it's been identified as peculiar or suspicious?

Q. Can you see that she suggests for Peter to send to a customer some language, and it's at the bottom of the page?

Q. And do you see that the language she suggests says that Mallinckrodt is required by the DEA to monitor orders of controlled substances and that Mallinckrodt's anti-diversion program has identified an order for additional review?

Q. So is it now clear that U2 hold is a hold based on Mallinckrodt's anti-diversion program?

Q. And does that clarify for you that the U2 hold terminology reflects a hold on an order cf opioids based on Mallinckrodt's anti-diversion activities?

Q. And do you see that a Ryan Dunehew states to Jennifer Buist on April the 22nd, 2013, I spoke with Pete today about the current U2 hold on Anda for their 24-bottle order on morphine ER 15 milligrams, SKU 831501. Market disruptions have occurred across the morphine ER family and the market, and we are not considered with the Anda order below of 24 bottles. Please release as customers are having to go many places to fulfill their needs. Do you see that?

Q. And then Jennifer Buist writes back -- she writes back -- well, let's look at this. Step back for

Q. And six minutes later, Jennifer Buist at 10:36 AM e-mails him back to say if the market is experiencing disruptions, this is the information require -- we require. I will recommend release.

Q. So the point is here the process of reviewing this suspicious order took about six minutes?

Q. So your point is, gosh, we gave this suspicious order for opioids an hour of our consideration, so that's acceptable review of suspicious orders?

Q. Do you see anything in this exhibit that indicates anything that -- any information Mallinckrodt considered other than the vague passive voice declaration that market disruptions have occurred?

Q. I'm going to hand you the next document, and you see it's Mallinckrodt Exhibit 66. [Exhibit 66 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see here Shelley Palmer e-mails Jennifer Buist, says can you please ship this order as soon as possible for it to ship today?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And this is another one of these e-mails that Shelley Palmer is sending to Jennifer Buist and others involving suspicious orders?

Q. And then can you turn -- let me hand you the next document. Do you see the next document is a July 9th, 2013, e-mail? And Shelley Palmer is e-mailing Jennifer Buist and others again, saying above are two clinic orders that are showing on U2 hold. Can you please release as soon as possible and let me know once complete? These orders need to ship today. Do you see that?

Q. And then without further discussion, on the same day Jennifer Buist e-mails back and says the orders have been released?

Q. The record on Exhibit 67, though, doesn't show any information passed from Shelley Palmer to Jennifer Buist that would justify releasing this order; fair? [Exhibit 67 marked for identification.]

Q. Let me hand you another document, Exhibit 68. [Exhibit 68 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see here again on July 24th, 2013, Shelley Palmer --

Q. Do you have in front of you the exhibit?

Q. Do you see again here is another correspondence from Shelley Palmer dated July 24th, 2013? Do you see that?

Q. And here again, she's e-mailing Jennifer Buist and others within Mallinckrodt. And she says good afternoon, the attachment contains several clinic orders on the U2 hold. Can you please release as soon as possible and let me know when complete?

Q. So this is another of these ASAP letters that Jennifer Palmer -- or pardon me. Strike that. This is another one of these ASAP letters that Shelley Palmer is sending Jennifer Buist demanding that these orders tagged as suspicious or problematic be released; fair?

Q. Let me hand you the next exhibit. [Exhibit 69 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see this is an e-mail dated July 25th, 2016, from Heather McKenzie to Elva Ramsaran?

Q. Yes. Do you see the subject is McKesson order released from Ul SOM hold, Oxycodone 15 milligram revised forecast, question mark? Do you see that?

Q. SOM hold -- is that a term you're familiar with?

Q. And SOM hold is suspicious order monitoring hold?

Q. Do you see that Heather McKenzie says with respect to the orders listed here the order -- this order has been released from Ul hold. However, we require documentation for the SOM files. Do you see that?

Q. So what McKenzie -- Heather McKenzie is saying is we'll release this order to ship even though we don't have the documentation showing that it's a legitimate order?

Q. It was released without the documentation that was required for the SOM file; fair?

Q. Well, I don't think that's -- are you sure? I mean, she says the order has been released from Ul hold. However, we require documentation for the SOM files. Doesn't that clearly show that the order was released before the documentation had been provided?

Q. Do you see it says in the subject line McKesson order released from Ul SOM hold?

Q. Isn't that clear -- this ambiguity you've been referring to -- and demonstrate that a Ul hold is just an SOM hold?

Q. And this document from 2016 which refers to a Ul SOM hold doesn't clarify that for you?

Q. Let me hand you Mallinckrodt --

Q. Let me hand you Exhibit 70. [Exhibit 70 marked for identification.]

Q. And is -- do you have in front of you an e-mail from Jennifer Buist to Steven Becker dated 12-16-2013?

Q. And she says Steve, we had a Dakota drug order on U2 hold for Oxycodone HCL five milligram tabs USP. We released the order. However, please provide an updated forecast for this customer SKU as the MTD volume for December equates to 29 percent of their year-to-date orders. See attached for data and chart. Do you see that?

Q. So do you see what happened here is they released the order, and now she's trying to get the information that explains the release; fair?

Q. You can answer.

Q. How do you interpret it?

Q. And the reason is because the order volume equates to 29 percent of their year-to-date volume; is that right?

Q. So really she's saying we need to update this forecast so that these orders don't trigger our suspicious order monitoring system?

Q. Let me hand you Exhibit 71. [Exhibit 71 marked for identification.]

Q. And do you have in front of you an e-mail from Sharron Banks to Jennifer Buist and others dated April 15th, 2014?

Q. And do you see that Sharron Banks asks for an order to be reviewed?

Q. Right. I'm looking at the first page, which is -- let's go back all the way to the second page that's marked Mallinckrodt-TNSTA02529989. Do you see that?

Q. And do you see that Sharron Banks on April 15th, 2014, at 10:47 AM asks Jennifer and Eileen, can you please review the following orders and release from U2 hold? Do you see that?

Q. And then at 11:05, less than 10 minutes later, Jennifer Buist states orders have been released from U2 hold except for McKesson, which is still under investigation. Do you see that?

Q. And that release just took a few minutes; fair?

Q. Well, and then flip over to the next page, which is marked with a Bates number that ends in 998. You'll see that there's an e-mail from Sharron Banks to Jennifer Buist, asking them to review another held order?

Q. The e-mail goes out to Jennifer Buist at 11:25 AM?

Q. 11:53, she e-mails back and says order has been released?

Q. Let's turn to the next exhibit, 72. [Exhibit 72 marked for identification.]

Q. And do you see here this is an e-mail from Gail Tetzlaff to Eileen Spaulding dated September 10th, 2014?

Q. And she says Eileen, FYI I've reviewed and released all of the orders on this report but did not do the Excel file related stuff. Thanks. Do you see that?

Q. And then let me hand you Exhibit 73. [Exhibit 73 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see that Exhibit 73 -- turn to the second page of the document marked with the Bates number that ends in 774. Do you see that?

Q. And then do you see that on May 26th at 8:45 AM, Lisa Cardetti asks Jennifer Buist, hi, Jen, please see below. We have given several price decreases for the OptiSource group, so I would expect to continue to see an increase for these members. Do you see that?

Q. So the e-mail from Lisa Cardetti is at 8:54 AM?

Q. On May 26th, 2015?

Q. And then do you see Jennifer Buist says Lisa, is it possible to obtain an updated forecast at a minimum for the Oxycodone 15 milligram and 30 milligram SKU? See attached for the original 2015 oxy forecast.

Q. And do you see that on the next page that ends in 773 -- that's the Bates number.

Q. Lisa Cardetti tells Jennifer Buist, yes, I'll ask you -- I'll ask them for one. Please release this order in the meantime, though. Do you see that?

Q. And so Jennifer Buist e-mails back, what, in less than an hour and says Gail, I recommend release. We'll continue to monitor usage based on the current forecast. Do you see that?

Q. So she asks for the forecast. Lisa says oh, yeah, I'll get you a forecast, but meanwhile release this order, and she, Jennifer Buist, releases it without the forecast; fair?

Q. Now let's look at Exhibit 74. [Exhibit 74 marked for identification.]

Q. Exhibit 74 has an e-mail from Karen Harper to Elva Ramsaran. Do you see that?

Q. And then it's responding to Elva Ramsaran, who sends Karen Harper and Carrie Johnson an e-mail on Thursday, March 24th, 2016. Do you see that?

Q. And what she says is here's McKesson's response, and there are a series of orders, and then there are explanations for a series of hold orders. Do you see that?

Q. That's right.

Q. And the response is -- are spike in the last couple of weeks, spike in the last couple of weeks, spike in the last couple of weeks, and looks consistent. Do you see that?

Q. So what McKesson's saying is the reason our order is up to a suspicious level is just because the order is up, there's been a spike?

Q. Is that what they say?

Q. Well, I mean, your order system identifies an order as peculiar or suspicious because it exceeds an average for a prior period; fair?

Q. I mean, it doesn't -- it's really not an additional piece of information that the order reflects

Q. McKesson's order -- pardon me. Strike that. Mallinckrodt's system is triggered when an order, among other things -- or no. Mallinckrodt's -- strike that. Mallinckrodt's system is triggered when an order is significantly higher than for similar orders for a period prior to the order in question; fair?

Q. So every order that is triggered as peculiar reflects a spike; right?

Q. Well, put it this way. The orders are released -- these orders that are described as a spike are then released from U2 hold based upon average monthly utilization; fair?

Q. And the reason you say that is because essentially McKesson has provided no meaningful information prior to the release; right?

Q. Has Mallinckrodt ever reported a suspicious order to the State of Tennessee?

Q. Is the answer no, that no suspicious order has ever been reported to the State of Tennessee by Mallinckrodt?

Q. What's the answer?

Q. And how many orders total has Mallinckrodt stopped shipment on because of its suspicious order monitoring obligations?

Q. Well, can you tell me since 2012 how many orders total since 2012 has Mallinckrodt stopped shipment on because of its suspicious order monitoring obligations?

Q. Let me hand you Exhibit 70.

Q. 75. Pardon me. [Exhibit 75 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see Exhibit 75?

Q. What is -- what are the excluded items referred to on Exhibit 75?

Q. Sure. Do you see it says excluded items within the UOR scope of JDE?

Q. And it says below a select number of SKUs are exempt from running through the UOR algorithm. A listing of the excluded SKUs is provided below along with the reasoning.

Q. And are there -- is this document listing items that are excluded from the computerized evaluation of orders within Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring system?

Q. Are there certain items, certain drugs that are not evaluated by Mallinckrodt's computer system that evaluates orders to determine whether they are suspicious?

Q. So you don't know whether generic Exalgo is evaluated for suspicious order -- strike that. You don't know whether Mallinckrodt's system whereby its computer evaluates orders to determine whether or not they're peculiar or suspicious evaluates generic Exalgo orders?

Q. Is it your understanding that every single drug -- opioid drug produced by Mallinckrodt is evaluated by the computer system you've described whereby orders are evaluated for their size to determine whether or not they are peculiar or suspicious?

Q. Do you know whether the term peculiar referring to an order is a unique Mallinckrodt term?

Q. The term peculiar doesn't have any meaning within DEA regulations that you know of; fair?

Q. I mean, a suspicious order -- that's a concept that the DEA uses when describing certain types of orders; is that fair?

Q. Whereas the terminology of peculiar, as far as you know, is not in the regulations?

Q. I'm going to hand you Exhibit 76. [Exhibit 76 marked for identification.]

Q. And do you see that Exhibit 76 has on the front a blank sheet which has a Bates number MNK-TNSTA00564007? See that?

Q. Sure. At the very top there's something calls a Bates number.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Sure. Is that document -- is that Bates number on the document Bates number MNK-TNSTA00564007?

Q. And could you turn it over and look at the chart that you've got there or the map?

Q. And is that document what you referred to earlier in your testimony as a heat map?

Q. And it shows prescriptions of IR 30 milligram tablets per capita?

Q. And do you see that the dating on it is January to June 2013?

Q. So you can look at it and see per capita how many Oxycodone IR 30 milligram tablets are being prescribed?

Q. And so you can look and see that there are certain areas in blue that have a low number cf prescriptions, and then there are a series of elevations of color that show higher levels of prescriptions?

Q. And I mean, the point is if you look at the red, that's the -- those are the areas where you have the highest level of Oxycodone IR 30 milligram tablets prescribed?

Q. That's what the red shows that's the highest levels on this map?

Q. Sure. Yeah. That's right.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Do you see that the part of northeast Tennessee is entirely covered in the red?

Q. Right. The --

Q. It's covered in the darkest -- in the color that on the map indicates 2.9 to 14.7 prescriptions per capita?

Q. That's the highest level on the map?

Q. And the entire portion of northeast Tennessee here, that is in this dark orange, the color that indicates the highest level of prescriptions of Oxycodone IR 30 milligram tablets?

Q. Do you see it?

Q. And my conclusion is accurate, that's what the map says? It shows that you've got this dark orange indicating the highest level of prescribing; fair?

Q. That's what the dark orange indicates?

Q. That's the highest level?

Q. And then that color representing the highest level covers the northeastern portion of Tennessee; correct?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt generate heat maps for subsequent years, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017?

Q. So this map is dated 11-23-15; is that fair?

Q. And I guess the data it says is source IMS Exponent plan track January to June 2013? Do you see that?

Q. So maybe a better question is, were other heat maps generated by Mallinckrodt periodically reflecting data that was collected for periods in 2014 and 2015?

Q. Well, let me ask you this. During the period when Mallinckrodt purchased IMS data showing prescriptions of opioids in the United States, could it generate heat maps of the sort that we're looking at right here?

Q. And point is, for the period that you acquired the IMS data, you could create the heat maps; fair?

Q. I'm going to hand you Exhibit 77. [Exhibit 77 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see this is --

Q. Do you see that it's an e-mail from Jennifer Buist to Gail Tetzlaff and John Gillies, you, forwarding what she says is RX data?

Q. RX data is prescription data?

Q. Is that what RX data means, is prescription data?

Q. Now, turn to the forwarded document. Do you see you have a series of PowerPoint slides, the first of which states state ranking hydrocodone January to September 2013?

Q. And is -- do you see that Tennessee's ranked third?

Q. Then do you see that it's also -- the next page is a state ranking of Oxycodone January to December 2013?

Q. Tennessee's ranked ninth?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Tennessee is ranked ninth?

Q. And in 2013 Mallinckrodt sold hydro --

Q. In 2013 Mallinckrodt sold hydrocodone products; fair?

Q. And then 2013 Mallinckrodt sold Oxycodone products; fair?

Q. Then in 2013 Mallinckrodt sold oxymorphone products, did it?

Q. And Tennessee, for oxymorphone products, according to this slideshow, was the second-ranked state?

Q. Can you look at the bottom of the page and see the source for this information?

Q. What is the source?

Q. Is information about prescribing rates put out by the -- strike that. Is information about distribution rates put out by the Drug Enforcement Administration reliable?

Q. Is ARCOS information generally reliable?

Q. So it's generally reliable?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt -- when considering maintaining controls for preventing diversion, did Mallinckrodt take into account whether areas had high levels of abuse of plaids?

Q. Well, in carrying out that obligation, did Mallinckrodt tailor its efforts in states that demonstrates -- demonstrated high levels of diversion of opioids?

Q. And did Mallinckrodt change its -- well, did Mallinckrodt, I take it, then believe that in areas where there were high levels of prescribing of opioids that Mallinckrodt had to look with particular care at evidence of diversion?

Q. Well, and you have identified Tennessee as one of those areas where large amounts of opioid products were going into, to use your term; fair?

Q. So what actions did you take to reflect the heightened risk of diversion posed by those high numbers of opioid prescriptions?

Q. Because you did understand if you have a high level of prescribing in an area, then you have to look more carefully at that area to evaluate whether the high level of prescribing reflected diversion?

Q. I've handed you Exhibit 78. Do you see it?

Q. Do you see it's an e-mail from Jennifer Buist to Debbie Digby?

Q. Debbie Digby is a Mallinckrodt employee?

Q. And Jennifer Buist says Debbie, Don was inquiring whether it was possible to break out the 15s and 30s from one another on the attached spreadsheet. While I'm fairly sure you can do this, can you run the data back 24 months? This may be the challenging part. We're only interested in six states, if this helps. Do you see that?

Q. And you know, do you see that Tennessee is one of the six enumerated states?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt keep a list of providers that its own employees had identified as pill mills?

Q. I'm going to hand you Exhibit 79. [Exhibit 79 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see that you have in front of you --

Q. I just have, I think, one question about this document. I just want to know if this document reflects chargeback data for Mallinckrodt, this document. It's Exhibit 79.

Q. Are you familiar with the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. And are you familiar with the Tennessee version of the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Do you know that violation of the Controlled Substances Act can subject a manufacturer of opioid drugs to criminal liability?

Q. Are you familiar with criminal laws in Tennessee?

Q. Do you know that a distributor, Miami-Luken, has been charged with criminal violations of the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. So what's the answer to the question?

Q. And I asked you if you're familiar with the criminal laws in Tennessee. What's the answer to that question?

Q. And you're not aware of the Miami-Luken indictment?

Q. Are you familiar with the indictment of a company called Rochester Drugs?

Q. Have you reviewed the actual indictment?

Q. What information do you have about past criminal investigations, if any, of Mallinckrcdt by federal authorities?

Q. Do you have any information about current criminal investigations of Mallinckrodt by federal law enforcement officials?

Q. Mallinckrodt drugs go to all 50 states?

Q. What have you heard about criminal investigations, if any, by state or local law enforcement agencies of Mallinckrodt?

Q. Have you had discussions with anybody within Mallinckrodt about Mallinckrodt's potential criminal liability for violation of the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Have you had any discussions with anybody about Mallinckrodt's potential criminal liability for violating state laws relating to the manufacture, sale, or distribution of controlled substances?

Q. I'm going to hand you Exhibit 79. Do you see that you've been handed a document that's entitled consent order?

Q. And you see that it's in the matter of the Food City Pharmacy Number 674, 5941 Kingston Pike, Knoxville, Tennessee?

Q. And do you see that there are findings of fact?

Q. And if you flip over to the second page of this document, do you see that one of the findings of fact is during the respondent's period of operation as

Q. Do you recall that you've looked at documents today showing in 2013 this Food City operation that's addressed in this consent order came to the attention of Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you see that the Food City has now executed a consent order saying that back in 2013 it was in fact dispensing controlled substances in a manner not consistent with applicable statutes of -- or regulations?

Q. So the point is, you -- you all were looking at this Food City, but even though your assistant general counsel had indicated this Food City was distributing approximately -- or filling prescriptions for 800,000 Oxycodone 30 milligram tablets in a year, you at Mallinckrodt continued to allow Mallinckrodt pharmaceuticals to be filled at this Food City; fair?

Q. I mean, the only information you had that diversion was going on was that Food City, you knew, served the Bearden clinic, which one of your own salespeople called a glorified pill mill; that the Food City was distributing 800,000 Oxycodone 30 milligrams per year; and that the Food City was, according to AmerisourceBergen, prescribing inordinate amounts of Oxycodone 30 milligram tablets. I mean, didn't you have ample evidence that this Food City was, as later determined, violating the laws related to the filling of prescriptions for controlled substances?

Q. Go ahead and answer the question.

Q. Answer the question.

Q. Have you reviewed in your work for Mallinckrodt this consent order until you received it at this deposition?

Q. So you've never looked at a consent order by a pharmacy that had come to your attention years ago in which the pharmacy confirms that it was violating the laws related to the distribution of controlled substances?

Q. And Food City continued to pour opioids into east Tennessee --

Q. -- while you continued your review; fair?

Q. Let me -- we would have to look at your chargeback data and IMS data to figure that out; right?

Q. But chargeback data; fair?

Q. Let me ask you now -- would you agree that the dispensing of 800,000 pills of Oxycodone 30 milligram was a suspicious practice on the part of Food City when Mallinckrodt's lawyers reported that?
