Witness: John Adams
Attorney: MS. Baig
Source: MNKOI0004556728
============================================================
Q. Hi. Good morning.
Q. We met briefly off the record, but could you please state your full name and address for the record? I
Q. And have you ever had your deposition taken before?
Q. How many times?
Q. So you're generally familiar with the -- the protocols for -- for deposition?
Q. Okay. Have you had your deposition taken in connection with any sort of opioid products or litigation?
Q. And what did you do to prepare for today's reposition?
Q. How many times?
Q. And for how long?
Q. did you read any deposition transcripts?
Q. did you talk to any y from DOC Mallinckrodt?
Q. And are you being paid for your -- your time here today?
Q. At what hourly rate?
Q. And And you were paid at that rate for your prep time as well?
Q. Okay. And did you review documents in connection with your preparation for this deposition?
Q. And did any of those documents refresh your recollection?
Q. And what documents did you lookat in preparation for this ceoosition?
Q. Anything else other than e-mails that you recall?
Q. Are you familiar with the complaints on file in this action?
Q. What's your understanding of what this case is about?
Q. At what company did you first worked on any opioid procucts?
Q. And what opioids did you wore on there?
Q. And had that -- how long did you wor:.( there?
Q. did you have any training in connection with your worked on the RMS And the other o opioids product you mentioned in terms of -- in terms of the Controlled Substances Act?
Q. What do you mean oy that?
Q. did. you have any training with resoect to the Controlled Substances Act before you got to Mallinckrodt?
Q. What years did you worked at Mallinckrodt?
Q. What positions did you holc at Mallinckrodt?
Q. And about when did you transition from senior procuct manager to director of sales?
Q. And about when did you transition from director of sales to VP of sales?
Q. What was your title at Upsher-Smith?
Q. And can you cescrioe your responsi oilities as senior product manager at Mallinckrodt?
Q. And who were those two retorts?
Q. And how did your responsi oilities change when you became director of sales?
Q. And who were those national account managers?
Q. And how did your responsibilities change when you became VP of sales?
Q. In terms of responsibilities?
Q. When you were senior procuct manager, who c is you report to?
Q. And what was his position?
Q. At Mallinckrodt?
Q. And who did Rica Coulon retort to?
Q. And what was his position?
Q. At Mallinckrodt?
Q. And when you were senior products manager, which Mallinckrodtcompany did you worked for?
Q. And you worked for MallinckrodtGenerics. Was it your und erstanc. ing that MallinckrodtGenerics was part of Covic. ien?
Q. And was Tyco Healthcare part of MallinckrodtPLC?
Q. Who was the chief officer of Tyco Healthcare?
Q. So Mike Gunning was VP of sales and marketing at Tyco or at Mallinckrodt.:Kroc t Generics?
Q. And do you know who Mike Gunning reported. to?
Q. What was his oosition?
Q. MallinckrodtPLC?
Q. And when you were director of sales, who did you re port to?
Q. Oh, got it OKay. And Rick Coulon reported to Mi <e Gunning?
Q. OKay. So as director of sales then you began re porting directly to Mike Gunning?
Q. And Mike Gunning at that points, c is he still report to Vince Kaiman?
Q. And you -- And you don't know who Vince Kaiman reported to?
Q. And do you remember who it changed to?
Q. And what was Tim Wright's oosition?
Q. But at some points it became Tim Wright?
Q. Okay. What was Tim Wright's position?
Q. Do you know what company he worked for?
Q. And when you were VP of sales, who did you report to?
Q. When you worked at Mallinckrodt, do you recall ever interacting with anyoocy from corporate?
Q. did you talk internally about a cor oorate office or no?
Q. And by the St. Louis business, you mean Mallinckrodt:K rodt Generics?
Q. What's the MallinckrodtAPI team?
Q. And which company did they wor for?
Q. But they did not worked with Mallincroc t Generics; is that right?
Q. did you ever have any interaction with anyone from MallinckrodtPharmaceuticals Inc., the Irish company?
Q. You don't recall one way or the other?
Q. Okay. And why did you leave the company?
Q. Which company did you go to?
Q. And you're still there now?
Q. Dia you go to another company after Dr. Redcy's?
Q. Which company?
Q. Are you there now?
Q. What is your position at Ajanta Pharma?
Q. And do you worked on any opioid procucts at Ajanta Pharma?
Q. And when you were at Dr. Redcy's, what was your position there?
Q. And you worked on opioid procucts at Dr. Redcy's, did you not?
Q. Dr. Reccy's c is n't have any opioid products?
Q. When you left the company, did you enter into a severance agreement?
Q. When you left?
Q. When you joinec
Q. So you did n't receive any sort of payout when you left Mallinckrodt?
Q. Any sort of severance pay?
Q. Yeah, sure. No, I'm just asking if when you left Mallinckrodt, if you entered into a severance agreement with Mallinckrodt.
Q. OKay. did you ever use any aersonal e-mail addresses when you worked at Mallinckrodt?
Q. What about text messages?
Q. And did you look at any text message documents when you were preparing for your c.e oosition toc ay?
Q. Do you know whether those text message ocuments were produced in this action?
Q. And did you -- ci d you use the text messaging to communicate with colleagues at Mallinckrodt?
Q. On a pretty regular basis?
Q. This document is Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt 0007918702 through 8704. It appears to be a copy of your resume. Have you seen this document before?
Q. And was this your resume that you submitted to Mallinckrodtwhen you joinec the firm?
Q. And was this a true and accurate copy of your -- or summary of your worked credentials at that time?
Q. Is there any reference to the o opioids products at Upsher on this resume?
Q. And that was at Upsher, correct?
Q. When you were at Mallinckrodt, dia you receive regular performance evaluations?
Q. And -- well, for the record, this document is Bates-stamped MNK-Tl 0007918669 through 8712. And if you turn to the second page.
Q. I can't answer that, because I don't know the answer to that. These, I can represent to you, the vast majority of these c.ocuments that we'll be looking at today came from your custodial files from your counsel. And so that might have been one of the questions I might have asked you. But you don't -- so you on't know who Louise Yaeger is?
Q. 0.<ay. And you see that the second Page after the e-mail states it's an ECF Global Peoplesoft Employee Change Form. Do you see that?
Q. If you could look through, four pages in to the document that ends in a Bates stamp numoer 687. It appears to be a performance -- it states it's a performance management document for October of 2004.
Q. You should be able to see it on your screen too.
Q. Great. Is this a performance evaluation from your time at Mallinckrodt?
Q. Okay. If you -- if you turn two pages in, you'll see on the page that ends in Bates stamped ec 690, you'll see where it's talking about expected results And actual results. Do you see that?
Q. Yeah. And so if you lookat the second. actual result. Do you see it says, "John communicated a creative brief outlining the desired message of the new hydrocodone advertisement." Do you see that?
Q. And so was it was it your job to help create this new hydrocodone advertisement?
Q. What do you mean oy chain head quarters?
Q. Understood . But you were responsible then for outlining the desired message of the new hydrocodone advertisement; is that right?
Q. And do you recall the hydrocodone advertisement at that time?
Q. Do you recall whether that hydrocodone advertisement was a graphic with a picture?
Q. You don't recall anything about it?
Q. And And it goes on to state that the "advertisement, sell sheet, And sales aid were rolled out in August." Do you see that?
Q. Okay. And what was the sell sheet?
Q. And do you recall anything about that particular sell sheet?
Q. And what was the sales aid
Q. Sales did And sell sheet?
Q. And do you see it goes on to state that the "advertisement communicates the strengths of our line as well as highlights the fact that this is the Number 1 selling generic in the U.S." Do you see that?
Q. So you had. an understanding at the -- at the time that hydrocodone was the Num'p er 1 selling generic in the United States?
Q. By units, hydrocodone was the Number 1 selling generic in the U.S. in 2004, correct?
Q. And the second ary messages of the advertisements were that, "A, the benefit to patients by the extent of offerings of strengths and cosage forms; And B, the benefit to pharmacists by offering punch carcs, unit ose And bulk totes; and C, reliable service And supply leveraging the vertical integration." Do you see that?
Q. And do you recall what benefit to patients were statec on the advertisements?
Q. But you can't recall, as you sit here today, what the benefit were that were identified on these advertising documents, correct?
Q. What -- what is a oulk tote exactly?
Q. And when you referenced a ispensing machine, who had access to the ispensing machine?
Q. Okay. If you turn to the next page you'll see under one part of the performance evaluation, there's a heading, "Continuous Quality Imorovement." Do you see that?
Q. It ends in 692.
Q. And towarcs the end of that oaragraoh it states, "Additionally, under his leacershio, he was a ole to get the new hydrocodone advertising back on trac< and execute in time to meet the c eadlines for the wholesaler trac e shows And NACDS." It goes on to state, "He imorovec the cirection And clarity of communication to our ac. agency And responded quicily gaining management's aooroval for the concept." Do you see that?
Q. Do you recall using that new hydrocodone advertising at any wholesaler trace shows?
Q. And who attencea the wholesaler trade shows?
Q. And do you recall, did Mallinckrodthave a 000th at these trace shows?
Q. And did you attend the shows yourself?
Q. Generally how often did you attend trac e shows related to your opioid products?
Q. And at those trade shows, you would have -- you would -- -- would you pass out the sell sheets?
Q. And what was NACDS?
Q. And did you did you attend NACDS trac e shows as well?
Q. And you would bring the same hydrocodone marketing materials to those as well?
Q. did anyboay else attend the NACDS meetings that you recall?
Q. No. Outside of Mallinckrodt.
Q. And when you did oresentations at NACDS meetings, did those presentations includ e products-specific information for your (, ey products?
Q. Do you recall placing journal advertisements for Mallinckrodt , roc t's opioid products?
Q. And do you remem oer what journals in what journals you placed such ads for opioid products?
Q. Was the NACDS conference considerea a key project -- stri( , e that. How many NACDS conferences would you attend per year?
Q. So we just have that one copy that you'll have to share with your counsel.
Q. Do you see that?
Q. Okay. And if you flip through this document, do you see that it generally appears to be a series of -- of performance evaluations And other documents from your personnel file?
Q. And in -- the first one is for 2007. So at that time, your position was what, again?
Q. CYKay. But in all of --
Q. In all of your positions at MallinckrodtKr oct, did you understand that it was your job to maximize sales?
Q. Would you agree that that was one of the key goals?
Q. Do you see at the very too of this page, the first item that's listed under expected results, it states, "Increase net margin of roc ucts available through the Zydus alliance from 200,000 to $7.9 million before split oy gaining share of alreacy launched products and capitalize on fiscal year '07 launches." Do you see that?
Q. And what was Zydus alliance?
Q. If you skip to the second stapled d ocument in the -bad Ket. That appears to De performance goals for 2006. Do you see that?
Q. And if you skip -- s Kip then to the third document. It's titled Mar<eting Department Overview. Do you see that?
Q. And it's -- it's showing that, as senior product manager, you were part of the marketing eoartment; is that right? That is correct.
Q. And those are the two reports, Jeff Burd And Bonnie New that you mentioned earlier?
Q. 0 ,cay. But here, now that you see this document, do you recall that Jeff Burd reported to you?
Q. And he was the product manager for product oricing and promotion of the hyarocodone family And the oxycodone family?
Q. And then if you look at the next document, it appears to be performance goals for 2005. Do you see that?
Q. And there's a reference in exoectec results to HD/APAP. What is that?
Q. And so your expected result here was to formalize the micro-marketing campaign strategy for hydrocodone with acetaminophen by the end of Quarter 2 And achieve $130 million in fiscal year '05 sales or a $17 million increase over fiscal year '04. Do you see that?
Q. So your expected. result was to formalize the micro-marketing campaign strategy for hydrocodone with acetaminophen by the end of fiscal year '05?
Q. You wantec to increase market share?
Q. And what was the micro-marketing camoaign strategy for this hydrocodone product?
Q. Do you see maybe two pages in, there's a document with an eagle on it that states, "Trust in our strengths"?
Q. It also states, "Hyc rococone oitartrate and acetaminophen."
Q. Do you -- do you know what this iS?
Q. What is it?
Q. And do you see, though it's harc to read, just under, "Trust in our strengths," it says, "Soar" -- S-O-A-R -- "Soar with the Number 1 selling generic in America." Do you see that?
Q. So you were aole to tracK that hydrocodone was the Number 1 product in America from the IMS data, correct?
Q. And the next page
Q. No. But you have that visibility through your charge sack data, correct?
Q. So your understanding of chargeback data, as you sit here right now, is that you would not be a.ole to see any of your downstream customers, so you would only be able to see sales to your direct customers, but you had no access to any cata for any of their customers. Is that your unc. erstanc ing?
Q. Sure. And when they -- when they suomit that chargepac.K c. ata to you, you are then aple to see who it was that AmerisourceBergen sold the product to, whether it was a pharmacy or whether it was a pain clinic or whether it was a hospital or whoever it was, correct?
Q. You could see who AmerisourceBergen sold the product to, though, correct?
Q. Right. But you could see who AmerisourceBergen was selling the products to, so whether it was a pharmacy,
Q. So it did n't tell you the class of trade of Joe's Pharmacy, but you could see that AmerisourceBergen sold the products to Joe's Pharmacy, right?
Q. And if you turn to, I oelieve, what is the next document. It states, "Octooer 1, 2003, to September 30, 2004, Tyco Healthcare annual incentive -plan." Do you see that?
Q. And was this your annual incentive plan at the time?
Q. Okay. And you see under Objective 2, it says, "Base prod ucts, create/execute new sales/" -- I thin says -- "AFO/graphics for the hydrocodone products line." Do you see that?
Q. And this o ojective was weightec at 50 percent; is that right?
Q. What was your understanding of your annual incentive plan? Or let me put it this way. Is your annual incentive plan, is that a oonus plan?
Q. And did you have any other incentive plans other than an annual incentive plan? For example, did you also have a long-term incentive clan?
Q. And do you recall what your case salary was roughly when you began at MallinckrodtAnd what it was when you left?
Q. Do you -- can you give me your best estimate of around what it was when you left?
Q. And do you have a general recollection of the way that your bonus -- bonuses changed over the years while you were at Mallinckrodt<roat?
Q. Do you recall whether or not they grew?
Q. Do you recall being part of the stock a stock plan at some point?
Q. So if you turn a couple pages down, you'll see, "Tyco TAIP summary °onus payout breakcown for fiscal year '04." Do you see that?
Q. And it inci cates that your annual salary is about $110,000 And your target oonus opportunity was about 15 percent. Do you see that?
Q. And right under that it states, "Bonus multiolier of 85.9460 oercent." Do you see that?
Q. What was the oonus multiplier?
Q. And if you skip maybe five or six pages you'll see a page that begins "A career built on more than worc Tyco Healthcare internal job board • IT And it says position director
Q. irector of sales. it So I'm just describing SO you can see it since it's not Bates stamped.
Q. And this is the Position cescri-otion for the position that you movec into when you oecame director of sales; is that right?
Q. And if you skip maybe five or six more Pages. You'll see a 2007 stoc And incentive clan.
Q. Let's lookat the 2007 -- or the -- I'm loo( , ing at the one granted on July 1st, 2008.
Q. Let's lookat the first one.
Q. And does this refresh your recollection that at least around July of 2008, that you were part of the stock And incentive plan?
Q. Well, I can represent to you that your counsel -oroc ucec it as part of your -p ersonnel file. Do you have any reason to c oubt that this was the plan that you were part of?
Q. So you oroducec these from files that you had at your home?
Q. 0 ,cay.
Q. Okay. So is there any reason to c oupt that this was the plan that you were part of?
Q. And if you skip a couple documents further, you'll see there is a ocument titled "2008 total cash compensation statement "for John Adams," with a oie chart. I think it's before that document. So it's the document before this one.
Q. Sure. So you see here it reflects your 2008 base salary as being $155,000. And a few lines cown, your 2009 case salary as being $157,945. Do you see that?
Q. And then it is entifies your target conus ooportunities, correct?
Q. Okay. And it icentifies as target oonus ooportunities, pharma sales growth at 40 -- 40 percent, pharma gross margin at 30 aercent, and pharma operating income at 30 percent. Do you see that?
Q. Do you see the pie chart to the right where it states your total cash compensation?
Q. And there's a shaded area that reflects merit increase?
Q. And then there's the current case salary, correct?
Q. And the next document is titled "The Covic. ien annual incentive Alan for fiscal year 2009." Do you see that?
Q. And is it your understand ing that this was the annual incentive plan that applied to you at that time?
Q. But this was the annual incentive plan in place at -- at that time in 2009, correct?
Q. If you look at the next document, it starts fiscal year '10, equity talking points. Do you see that?
Q. And if you turn two pages, you'll see a page that oegins "achieve net sales and net margin oojectives for fiscal year '09." Do you see that?
Q. And it states, "Fiscal year '09 NS goal was $80,127,760 and NS for the year came in at $108,199,828." Do you see that?
Q. And then it states, it's 1 -- in oarentheses, 135.1 percent. Do you see that?
Q. What was the NS goal?
Q. 0(.,ay. So the NS goal was net sales and the NM goal was net margin?
Q. And the net sales goal came in at 135.1 -Percent, and the net margin goal came in at 163.7 percent, correct?
Q. You just can see that there was significant growth?
Q. And do you see the next the next sentence says, "John Adams summary." And it follows: "Victor continually identified ooportunities to grow the business despite some of the challenges. This includes maximizing oxy 5, 15 and 30 as select accounts And celaying price c ecreases to maximize sales in the face of growing competition." Do you see that?
Q. And was Victor Borelli one of your top sales reos?
Q. did those two indivic uals also worked on opioid products?
Q. Okay. So your to sales reos for the opioid products were those two?
Q. Was the vast majority of that portfolio opioid products?
Q. Roughly 80 to 90 percent?
Q. I c. on't think there's a question pending, _out we're not going to review every line of this document, because it's a half inch thick.
Q. So the sales targets that we just reviewed, ao you <now who set those sales targets for you?
Q. Do you know who communicated them to you?
Q. Anyone else?
Q. And were you involved in creating the targets for the people that reported to you?
Q. And do you recall increasing your sales reos' targets each year while you were at Mallinckrodt?
Q. Do you recall generally that the sales targets for o opioids products were increasing over the period of time that you were at Mallinckrodt?
Q. And lire you, your sales reos' bonuses were contingent on their ability to maximize sales of opioid and other products; is that right?
Q. Would you agree that it was one of the key metrics oy which they were evaluated?
Q. This document is Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt 21 or Mallinckrodt10005426063 through 64. But 64 appears to oe a multiple-page ocument. C And it starts as an e-mail dated July 28, 2005, from Mary Beth Walton to you And a number of others. Su oject, updatea generics marketing roles and resoonsibilities. Do you see this e-mail?
Q. And who is Mary Beth Walton?
Q. And have you seen this document before?
Q. And does this appear to oe a oonus olan to you?
Q. What does this ao pear to oe to you?
Q. And so if you look at the first page of -- of the chart, the colored chart.
Q. Those are sales reps for oxy ER in or about 2005; is that right?
Q. And at the bottom of that chart it shows net sales increases and net margin increases with And without oxy ER. Do you see that?
Q. And the net sales increase with oxy ER is 17 percent And without oxy ER it's only 7 percent. Do you see that?
Q. And the two right-hanc columns on that page, the oink one And the tan one, those are net sales and net margin quota without oxy ER; is that right?
Q. And if you lookat --
Q. If you look at the next page, do you see there's a line -- a column third from the right called "net sales bonus"?
Q. And fourth from the right, it says "attainment." So does this id entify which sales reps for oxy ER were meeting -- were meeting or attaining their bonuses -- bonus Potential?
Q. So where it shows, for example, for Steve Bec Ker, was he an oxy ER sales rep?
Q. Including oxy ER?
Q. Okay. Do you see where it says, "Totals with oxy ER," and, "Totals without oxy ER," And then it identifies Steve Bec Ker's name?
Q. Page 2 of the chart.
Q. Okay. And there's num.o ers is entifying his fiscal year '08 quota net sales. Do you see that?
Q. And his December quota. Do you see that?
Q. And then it shows his Decemlp er net sales. Do you see that?
Q. And then it states in the first row for totals with oxy ER, his attainment was 75 percent. Do you see that?
Q. And then it goes on to state fiscal '08 quota net margin, And it icentifies a figure, $34.3 million. Do you see that?
Q. And a December quota figure. Do you see that?
Q. And then it lists attainment, 75 percent. Do you see that?
Q. Okay. And then for net sales Bonus and net margin bonus, it lists no num:D er. And no total number. Do you see that?
Q. However, if you look further down to some of the other sales reps, you see that their attainment figures were over 100 percent And they have oonuses identified in the net sales bonus column And the net margin °onus column. Do you see that?
Q. Does that suggest to you that the people with higher -- the sales reps with higher attainment received higher oonuses?
Q. Sure. But all I'm as,dng you is coes this document suggest to you that the higher your attainment, the higher your bonus?
Q. And these appear to be the figures for oxy ER at that time, based on the chart, correct?
Q. Correct. So these sales reos' .p onuses were contingent on their agility to maximize sales of opioids procucts, includ ing oxy ER in this case; is that right?
Q. Have you had any experience marketing or selling crugs to treat the acciction to opioids?
Q. did. you understand while you were at Mallinckrodt that opioid sales were increasing exponentially across the country?
Q. And you understood that it was growing exponentially across the country, correct, opioid sales?
Q. But you -
Q. understood that demand
Q. But my question is not whether you could see whether it was growing or declining. My question is whether you understood that it was in fact growing curing the period that you were there.
Q. So you had no understanding when you were at Mallinckrodtthat generally speaking opioid sales were growing nationally. You did n't and erstanc that?
Q. Were you aware that the growth for the product oxy 15 and oxy 30 was very significant during the Period nationally during the perioc that you were at Mallinckrodt?
Q. So you don't understand why, out -- or you did n't understand why, put you understooc that oxy 15 and oxy 30 were growing significantly in terms of sales across the country; is that right?
Q. And did you oversee sales of any brand ec opioid products?
Q. did you have any insight into the sales of the branded opioid oroaucts at MallinciK roc t?
Q. You don't recall reviewing reports for branc ed opioid products at Mallinckrodt?
Q. You don't recall one way or the other or you don't recall ever having one that?
Q. Do you recall Exalgo being part of Mallinckrodtportfolio while you were there?
Q. How about Xartemis?
Q. OKay. How a pout Xartemis?
Q. did you understand while you were at Mallinckrodt, that Mallinckrodt , roc t was a worlc lead. er in the manufacture And cistri.oution of opioids pain <illers?
Q. Not just a key position, out
Q. You don't recall Mallinckrodttouting itself as a world lead er in the manufacture And cistrLoution of opioids analgesics?
Q. Do you recall which generic opioids were part of Mallinckrodt's oortfolio while you were there?
Q. Was fentanyl also a Mallinckrodt product uct?
Q. I'm handing you what's been marked as exhibit 5. This document starts as an e-mail from Phyllis Fischer dated May 17, 2005. Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt0007917913 through 7925. And its su pject line is PCL li.orary, pharmaceutical incustry newsletter. Do you see that?
Q. What is the PCL library?
Q. Do you recall a pharmacy pharmaceutical industry newsletter?
Q. You don't recall receiving those types of newsletters on a regular basis?
Q. Do you ever -- ever recall learning that OxyContin was -- was a crug that had a high potential for aouse?
Q. High potential for abuse.
Q. Do you recall learning that while you were at Mallinckrodtor having iscussions with folks at Mallinckrodtaoout the high level of aouse for opioid products generally?
Q. Okay. Do you recall it in any other context?
Q. So if you turn to the fourth page of this 2005 document. Do you see that there's a section titled
Q. It ends in 916.
Q. In the mic dle of the page there's a section titled -- in this newsletter titled , "Pain patients take fewer than half of OxyContin scripts as cirectec." Do you see that?
Q. And it goes on to state that "just 45 percent of prescriptions for the ooiate OxyContin controlled -release are to Ken as c irectec oy patients being treated for nonmalignant pain, according to a stuc y of urine samples from approximately 5 percent of the nation's outpatient pain clinics." Do you see that?
Q. Do you recall ever learning
Q. -- not being ta<en as irectec?
Q. And do you see it goes on to state that "fully 40 percent of the drug was recycled among other patients being treated for pain in 264 clinics whose combinec case loads exceed ec. 33,000 patients." Do you see that?
Q. And then the next paragraph states, "Another 15 percent of OxyContin prescriptions apparently were diverted to the black market." Do you see that?
Q. Do you recall having any iscussions at Mallinckrodtabout figures such as these And the potential for OxyContin and oxycodone to be aoused?
Q. Apart from the isolated incicent of the theft with respect to the -- I think it was a UPS truc --
Q. Do you recall any other ciscussions at Mallinckrodta pout the high -potential for civersion of opioids?
Q. But you don't recall stats such as these, as at 45 Percent or 40 percent level in terms of diversion or ciscussing those at Mallinckrodt?
Q. And the generic for OxyContin was oxycodone HC, right?
Q. The generic for OxyContin was oxycodone HC, right?
Q. Do you see here where it says, "Just 45 percent of prescriptions for o oioid OxyContin" and then in parens it says oxycodone HC. Do you know what oxycodone HC stands for?
Q. This document starts as an e-mail from LouAnn Behlmann to you and others. It's Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt0004839173 through 9174; 9174 is a multipage document And it's c. atec January 23, 2007. It states in the first line of the e-mail, "Attached is the updated master EOE generic products list." Do you see that?
Q. What's EOE stanc for?
Q. Okay. And this was Mallinckrodt's generic procuct list as of 2007?
Q. Do you see that, on the second page of the products list, there's
Q. Do you know what methadone is used for?
Q. So does this refresh your recollection that you worked on products that were c esigned to treat addiction of opioids?
Q. Do you recall that methad one sales were increasing --
Q. -- significantly during the time that you were at Mallinckrodt?
Q. You die n't have a general awareness of that while you were there?
Q. Do you recall having any ciscussions with anyooc y at Mallinckrodtaoout the simultaneous sale of opioid products and methadone and the simultaneous increasing on both sides?
Q. Do you recall that Mallinckrodt's opioid products accountec for more than 90 percent of total sales?
Q. Do you recall it being high?
Q. Do you recall that methad one was also among the company's top products?
Q. I'll have this aocument marked as exhibit 7.
Q. This is a document that starts as an e-mail from Steven Becker dated. October 17, 2008, Bates-stamped Mallinckrodtt 0006339059 through 9065. And if you turn to the second page. The title is "Covidien Mallinckrodt t Pharmaceuticals. And there's a reference to HD Smith executive visit dated October 16, 2008. Do you see that?
Q. And do you recall receiving this document while you were at Kroc t? Mallincl
Q. Do you recall an executive visit with HD Smith at or around October of 2008?
Q. I see. And would you oarticioate in executive visits?
Q. And would you typically create PowerPoints like the one included here, or would Mallinckrodtcreate PowerPoints li<e the one includec here for executive visits?
Q. Do you have any reason to doubt that this was a PowerPoint created for the HD Smith executive visit October 16, 2008?
Q. And it states here on Page three of the PowerPoint, "Uncerstanding the organization." It identifies Covidien as having 43,000 employees in 57 countries. Do you see that?
Q. And 8.9 billion in annual sales. Do you see that?
Q. Do you know if that 8.9 billion is global or limited to the U.S.?
Q. And if you -- if you -- if you move three pages in, you'll see a ocument titled -- or a _sage titled. "Five Growth Platforms."
Q. And under do you see on the left-hand sic e it identifies generics?
Q. And it states, "Number one pain mec II ?
Q. Was that because pain mec ication was Mallinckrodt's number one generic category of drugs at the time?
Q. And it states here that Mallinckrodtwas numoer six in terms of generics in the U.S. Is that -- is your und erstanc. ing of that that you were number six in terms of generic mar yet share?
Q. And do you see on the next cage in the pie chart that shows 2007 sales by product type?
Q. The majority of the drugs are controlled rugs?
Q. And just to the right of that it states, "Areas of focus, controlled substances and pain management." Do you see that?
Q. And that was one of Mallinckrodt's Bey areas of focus at the time. Would you agree?
Q. And if you flip two more pages, you'll see Covidien Mallinckrodtorganizational chart. And it has you reporting to MiKe Gunning who was reoorting to Chuck Bramlage who was reoorting to Tim Wright. Do you see that?
Q. Is it your understanding that that is accurate for the time?
Q. And if you skip two more cages you'll see HD Smith 2007 versus 2008 net sales. Do you see that?
Q. Do you recall HD Smith being one of Mallinckrodt.Krodt's key customers?
Q. Do you see that their sales from '07 to '08 more than triolec?
Q. And do you see, flipping two more pages, that -- that HD Smith was part of Mallinckrodt's volume incentive program?
Q. So I think my question to you on that was whether sales increased more than three times from 2007 to 2008. And I'm looking at the first -- the first row.
Q. For which drug, do you know?
Q. I think we're going to get to the or ucts in a few pages. be
Q. Two more pages later.
Q. You'll get to HD Smith-MallinciK roc t volume incentive program.
Q. Was HD Smith cart of Mallinckrodt's volume incentive program?
Q. Does this suggest to you that they might have been?
Q. OKay. did Mallinckrodthave
Q. And what is your uncerstanci ng of how that program worked 7
Q. And if you turn to the next Page, you see (, ey products crivers.
Q. The one ending 060.
Q. Unc. erstooc
Q. So HD Smith -- so we've establishec HD Smith had a volume incentive program. And can you look at the page -- if you look in the bottom left-hand corner there's a page Number 16?
Q. And it says key °roc uct drivers?
Q. And it appears to is entify HD Smith products for which Mallinckrodtwas supplying? Do you see that?
Q. And is that your reac of what this chart shows?
Q. Okay. And if you go to the next page, you see the top ten Mallinckrodtoroc ucts?
Q. And can you see that all of these products are opioid products?
Q. And does this refresh your recollection that methadone was among Mallinckrodt t's too ten Procucts?
Q. I see. So for HD Smith though, methad one was among the top ten Mallinckrodt t procucts, correct?
Q. And it shows here that for example, the first -- the first row for oxycodone HCL, 30 milligrams, do you see that?
Q. And the percent increase from 2007 to 2008 is 37,000 percent, about 37,000 aercent. Do you see that?
Q. It c. oesn't necessarily inc icate that, but as you sit here right now, do you recall why it increased specifically 37,000 percent from one year to the next?
Q. And do you see that the methacone 10-milligram taps increased. apout 238 percent from 2007 to 2008?
Q. And do you see that the oxy APAP products increased from 2007 to 2008 at a rate of 374.6 oercent?
Q. And do you see that the hydrocodone APAP 10/500 tabs increased at 136.8 -Percent from 2007 to 2008? Do you see that?
Q. And what's 10/500 incicate?
Q. Okay. And just beneath the chart it states, "The top ten procucts account for 91.3 percent of total net sales volume." Do you see that?
Q. The next page is relatively olanK, out has a heading entitled "MallinckrodtRiskMAPs." Do you know what RiskMAPs are?
Q. You don't remember it at all?
Q. And the last three pages of the document. Do you see it identifies HD Smith net sales And lists 2007 totals, 2008 totals, the change in the oercentage and the forecast?
Q. Yeah, the last three pages are basically the same. Or there's a chart that covers the last few pages. Do you see that? I'm looking at the very end, the one you're holding.
Q. And the left -- the left-hand column identifies HD Smith net sales. Do you see that?
Q. And then there's a column of 2007 totals, 2008 totals, a change, a percent, and a forecast. Do you see that?
Q. Does it suggest to you that these are the figures that back up the ata that was in the PowerPoint we just went through?
Q. This document begins as an e-mail from Ginger Collier to you and others. It's cated November 20, 2009. It's Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt0006305472 through 5474. And again, if you -- if you s,cip to the first page of the PowerPoint, it's titled "Covidien Pharmaceuticals, specialty generics business review." It has your name on the front page along with Ginger Collier And Bob Lesna<, dated January 6, 2010. Do you see that?
Q. Okay. And do you recall receiving this c. ocument?
Q. did. you help -- do you recall helping create this document?
Q. Was this the type of document -- and this looks, at least in form, to be similar to the one that we just looked at. would you agree?
Q. All the -
Q. Do you recall seeing such documents creates, business review type documents?
Q. Okay. And this one is soecific to soecialty generics?
Q. But this was a review of the generics c eoartment, which you were overseeing; is that right?
Q. And Boo Lesna K is listed as VP of sales, adaiction treatment?
Q. And would that have been of methadone?
Q. Do you recall working with him on this?
Q. Do you recall working with him generally?
Q. Do you recall working with somebody else before Bo o on addiction treatment?
Q. What do you remember about that team?
Q. And the next page has an org chart. Do you see that?
Q. And that was accurate -- to your understand ing, that was accurate for the time?
Q. And the peo ole underneath your name were reporting to you; is that right?
Q. So Bolo Lesnak was VP of sales or VP of sales for acc iction treatment?
Q. And the next page says, "Sales performance And forecast." Do you see that?
Q. And then you see two pages own, you have a pie chart with products driving mod ifiec. gross. Do you see that?
Q. It loo (, s like the (, ey products are hydrocodone APAP, oxycodone IR, oxycodone APAP, And morphine ER; is that right?
Q. And it states that those four key product families represent 82 percent of total mod ifiec gross sales; is that right?
Q. And do you see c. own at the bottom there's a reference to a fentanyl lozenge?
Q. Was Mallinckrodtselling ooth a fentanyl patch and a fentanyl lozenge?
Q. And the next -- the next chart is a oar graph for hydrocodone APAP and modified gross sales. Do you see that?
Q. And the one following is also hydrocodone APAP extended units, right?
Q. And the first -- the first one shows an increase from 2006 through 2010 of hydrocodone APAP in terms of mocifiec gross sales, correct?
Q. This chart shows an increase from 2006 to 2010 of modifiec. gross sales for hydrocodone APAP, the chart on Page 7?
Q. Okay. And similarly, the next chart shows increase of hydrocodone APAP from extended units from 2006 to 2010, correct?
Q. If you go two pages further, you see a similar bar graph chart for oxycodone IR, mocifiec gross sales?
Q. And it shows in the ta ole aoove, an 83 oercent increase from 2007 to 2008?
Q. And do you see oxycodone IR on the next page?
Q. And that shows a 54 percent increase from 2007 to 2008 in terms of extended units?
Q. Ethex And Actavis?
Q. So was this the type of data that Mallinckrodtt typically -- I mean was this a typical trac( , ing of the cata of its products?
Q. If you go a couple pages further, you'll see on Page 19 of the oresentation, it states, "Customers C riving moc ifiec gross."
Q. Does this identify Mallinckrodt's key customers?
Q. Is McKesson OneStoo cifferent than just McKesson?
Q. If you skip to Page 38 of the PowerPoint presentation, you see a market share report for hydrocodone/APAP tans?
Q. Does this show that Mallinckrodtwas third in terms of market share for hydrocodone APAP at this time or for 2007 to 2009?
Q. What does it show?
Q. I see.
Q. And your understand ing is that pie remainec the same size in the last two c ecaces?
Q. did Mallinckrodtuse a rebate program in orc er to maximize its sales of opioid products?
Q. My question was just whether -- whether Mallincl,c rodt used a reoate program in orcer to maximize sales of opioid procucts.
Q. This document starts as an e-mail from Jeff Burd to you and others, dated October 5, 2005. It's Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt0007917528 through 7576. And as the subject it says, "Gained accounts And rebate reports." For attachments it says, "Gained accounts, rebate matrix, And reoate sched ule." And the first line of the e-mail states, "Please fine attached the ated gainec accounts And rebate uoc reports with pricing and sales effective as of September 30, 2005." Do you see that?
Q. And die you have the 0000rtunity to review these types of reports in the regular course of your business at Mallinckrodt?
Q. And on the first page of the -- first attachment where it says, "Rebate matrix by contract, TV do you see that?
Q. And this shows the customers on the left-hanc sic e and then under reoate percentage, coes it show the rebates that are being offered for their entire portfolio of Products?
Q. And what's the difference between d irect and inc irect?
Q. So ABC Progenerics primary, one of the first ones listed here, do you see that?
Q. What does ABC stanc for?
Q. Okay. And it shows cifferent types of rebate percentages for -- what -- what does this show? There -- there's more c. ata under the ABC Progenerics primary than there is for many of the others. And you see for example, it's discussing morphine only. And then it says for $10 million And above there's
Q. So that means they need to sell $10 million in oraer to receive the $1 million re sate; is that right?
Q. They need to purchase, okay. And then -- And then that's cifferent thresholds of -- of purchases for other Progenerics sales; is that right?
Q. So insteac of getting a re.pate Percentage, they are just getting
Q. Okay. And this document shows reoates ranging up to 25 Percent or so?
Q. And if you turn a couple cages further, you'll see a new document starts that's titled Rebate Proc uct Schecule?
Q. And it's a little bit cifferent, because here you have not just
Q. So if you move about halfway own, you'll see APAP codeine And 300/15 twos oottle of 1,000.
Q. And there's zero percent rebate offerec on that? But then it says $14 rebate per bottle. What does that $14 figure mean?
Q. I see. So they are getting
Q. If you move a little further cown, you'll see that's two references to morphine sulfate ER?
Q. One is for 200 milligrams --
Q. -- in tabs, oottle of 100. And one is for 100 milligrams in tabs oottle of 100. And the 200-milligram to os have a re pate oer oottle of $165. And the 100-milligram tabs have a rebate per bottle of $90, correct?
Q. Mm-hmm, of the total price. But you can see that the higher strength morphine sulfate is receiving, at least in this case, a higher reoate per bottle?
Q. Do you recall hydrocodone and oxy being pig sellers pack in the mic -2000s time frame?
Q. And did you have key clients orcering aheac of sched ule for those drugs? Do you recall?
Q. I think we've touchec already on volume incentive programs. We've touched upon rebates. I'm wondering if there are strategies, other strategies that Mallinckrodtusec in orc er to maximize its sales or increase its mar'K et share with respect to opioid products, apart from the volume incentive program, and the rebates.
Q. What was the vault program?
Q. I see.
Q. Okay. Let's have this document marked as Exhibit 10, Please. This is a document that starts as an e-mail from you to Kevin Vorc erstrasse dated February 8, 2007. Bates-stamped with Mallinckrodt000685111 through 121? And it states, "Attached is the monthly report." If you look into the attachment, it apoears to se a monthly report for -- for January of 2007. Do you see that?
Q. And do you recall receiving reports liKe -- like this on a regular basis at Mallinckrodt?
Q. So do you recall receiving monthly reports like this?
Q. Who is Kevin Vorderstrasse?
Q. I see. And you see the first -- second -- or first couole lines of the e-mail at the end it says, "I know you mentioned it was just for a month or two." It a pears to be referring to the monthly reports. Do you recall that there was a short oerioc of time where monthly reports were generated?
Q. You don't recall one way or another?
Q. Okay. If you look to the products forecast variances, it's showing that generics had an extremely strong January, driven by hydrocodone And oxycodone in the second -- third line. Do you see that?
Q. It goes on to state, "Both aooearec to be strong, as though wholesalers loac ed in additional product at the end of last year. They d is not lower ord ering much in January." Do you see that?
Q. And then a little oit further cown, it states, "Oxycoc one was extremely strong this month, -primarily riven by the oxy APAP 10/325 milligrams." Do you see that?
Q. What is 10/325?
Q. And it goes onto state, "The forecast was artificially low on this SKU .out the majority of the ad itional demand was higher than normal ordering from Walgreens and Carc inal needing product ahead of our previously agreed upon sched ule." Do you see that? I c O.
Q. And then a little pit further down, maybe two lines further, it states, "We will need to stimulate sales emand through a promotion." Do you see that?
Q. And are you familiar with what types of promotions Mallinckrodt( , rodt would use in orc. er to stimulate sales cemand?
Q. But you see the line here that says, "We will need to stimulate sales demand through a promotion, et cetera." Do you see that?
Q. Does it say anywhere there that it's not intended to stimulate new demand?
Q. Sure. Stimulate sales cemand. I'm not as:,c ing if you had an opportunity to prescribe oroauct, ooviously. I'm just asking what tools you usec to stimulate demand . did you use promotions?
Q. What types of promotion?
Q. Well, let me rephrase. It states, "We will need to stimulate sales emand through a promotion, et cetera," correct?
Q. Sales cemand, yes, through a promotion. Are you familiar with oromotions that Mallinckrodtusec to stimulate demand, sales demand?
Q. Do you recall fax blasts out to hospitals about certain opioid products?
Q. So if you look at the bottom of the second page of this document, do you see where it says, "Unit dose oxy APAP and morphine, may two get one free promotion starts on February 1st and ends on March 31st. Faxes will be sent to approximately 47,000" -- sorry -- "4,700 hospitals." Do you see that? I do see that.
Q. Do you recall promotions liKe buy two, get one free promotions?
Q. Why don't we just clarify when we're tallKing about demand And sales, we're talking about Mallinckrodtsales, right?
Q. Correct.
Q. So when you send a ouy two, get one free promotion to 4,700 hospitals, do you have any recollection of what that promotion looked Ke?
Q. And who cesignec. these buy two, get one free promotions? Who would have designed that? The marketing ceoartment?
Q. Mallinckrodthac a generics marketing department, right?
Q. Would your pest guess oe that it probably would have been the generics marketing cepartment that cesignec the promotion such as this?
Q. If you wantec to know, who would you ask at Mallinckrodt?
Q. And if you look pack again to the first cage of this monthly re port. Do you see under procucts, it icentifies
Q. And it states that for HB/APAP, actual sales were 41 Percent over forecast in terms of units And 31 percent over forecast in terms of ollars. Do you see that?
Q. And it states, "The unit variance was due to stronger orders from McKesson, Walmart, And CVS." Do you see that?
Q. And then a little bit further d own, next to oxycodone family, it states, "The adjusted gross sales for the family were over 100 percent above the forecastec c °liars." Do you see that?
Q. And volume was also up by 38 percent from forecastec units?
Q. Would you agree that that's trending pretty strongly at this point?
Q. If you turn two pages further, you'll see a heading "Fentanyl Transdermal System." And that was one of Mallinckrodt's fentanyl procucts; is that right?
Q. It's the page ending Bates Number 116. Was the fentanyl transdermal system one of Mallinckrodt's fentanyl products?
Q. And the concern there was to maintain inventory levels to support the ootential for you to garner additional market share right out of the gate at launch; is that right?
Q. What was Project Orange?
Q. If you turn to the next page. Do you see there's a reference to
Q. What was a cocaine topical?
Q. It says, "Movec launch until July of 2007." Do you know whether it was ever launched
Q. In addition to the volume incentive programs, the rebate practice programs, the two-for-one offers, some of the sales brochures that we've talked about, can you think of any other marketing tools that were used in order to maximize sales of opioids?
Q. If you turn to the last page of this document. Do you see under the head ing Top 3 Issues, under Point 2-C, there is a reference to marketing tools?
Q. Last page. under Top 3 Issues, under 2-C, there's a reference to marketing tools. Do you see that?
Q. Okay. And it references "promotions sales did s, wholesaler stic Kers are being mac e And supplied to the sales team." Do you know what promotions sales aids are being referenced here?
Q. And are you familiar with the concept of wholesaler stickers?
Q. And how would that pe a marketing tool?
Q. And at least accorc ing to this document, wholesaler stickers were Being made And suppliec to the sales team. Do you see that?
Q. And do you have any recollection of what those wholesaler stic Kers that were mac e And supplied to the sales team as a marketing tool looked li Ke?
Q. This is a document that starts as an e-mail from -- from you dated. Seotemper 6, 2007. It's Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt , rodt 0004923043 through 3048. Again, in the first sentence it -- it seems to attach a monthly report. And the suoject line is monthly report. Do you see that?
Q. And here it appears to be a reports from you to MiKe Gunning, if you look at the first page of the reports. Do you see that?
Q. Do you recall creating this document?
Q. Do you recall working on these tyoes of monthly reports when you were at Mallinckrodt?
Q. Do you have any douot -- reason to c ouot that this was created oy you since it's -- it states to -- that it's to Mi Ke Gunning from you?
Q. Okay. And if you -- if you scan the first page, you see there's a forecast summary for various °roc ucts.
Q. And customers, correct?
Q. And then there's retail highlights. And it -- there's a paragraph on a number of various customers, right, .o eginning with Rite did
Q. And there's a reference there to your attending Rite Aid's recent trac e showed where you met and mingled with store pharmacists as well as top pharmacy management?
Q. And would you participate in these types of -- of trade shows in order to form strong relationships with the store -Pharmacists one the top Pharmacy management so -- as ultimately to maximize sales?
Q. So where you note here that you met And mingled with store oharmacists, that wasn't valua ole?
Q. But accorc ing to this document, you c iC meet And mingle with store pharmacists, correct?
Q. And there is also a reference to "the implementation of the formulary covering Brooks EcKerc 's stores is progressing smoothly." Do you see that?
Q. Do you :K now what that's referring to?
Q. Do you recall working to evelop something called a Narcotics Story?
Q. What is API again?
Q. Do you recall that being called a Narcotics Story?
Q. So if you skip to the page that encs in 047, you'll see there are a few references to McKesson.
Q. And the second one states, "Concerns by McKesson have been expressed regarding the upcoming pedigree law changes for California set for January 1st, 2009, will new law will require manufacturers to attach a unique id entifier to each cangerous drug at the smallest packaging level or container cistributec to the wholesaler. Sales And marketing will meet" -- "sales And marketing -- it says, "with meet with logistics." I assume it intends to say, "Sales And marketing will meet with logistics." Do you see that?
Q. Are you familiar with this law that was set for January 1st, 2009, in California?
Q. And you understood at the time that the reason for those oec igree law changes in California were that these crugs were dangerous, and there was a ootential ootential risiK of aouse And iversion?
Q. And why would the sales And marketing team meet with logistics with respect to this particular pedigree law change in California?
Q. And do you see on the next paragraph it states, "John Ac ams and Tim Berry met with 35 McKesson marketing members in San Francisco to present the Narcotics Story." Do you see that?
Q. Do you recall meeting with 35 McKesson marketing mem pers in San Francisco to present the Narcotics Story?
Q. Okay. So does that refresh your recollection as to what the Narcotics Story was?
Q. Were there graphics or PowerPoint presentations in connection with that Narcotics Story that was oresented to 35 McKesson marketing members?
Q. And who was Tim Berry?
Q. It says here that that same oresentation was then delivered to 60 employees in the Carrolton, Texas, office in September. Do you see that?
Q. And were those also 60 McKesson marketing employees in Carrolton, Texas?
Q. And on Mallinckrodtnarcotics, correct?
Q. On the last page under NACDS, there is a reference to an event at Boston's Fenway Park utilizing the Covidien tickets resulting in numerous business interactions includ ing Harvard Drug, PBA, TrueCare, ABC, Walmart, CVS CareMark. Do you see that?
Q. And do you recall being at the Boston Fenway Park event?
Q. And who else was there?
Q. Do you recall who --
Q. Do you recall who was there from the marketing team?
Q. And that was a follow-up to the NACDS meeting; is that right?
Q. Do you know what the root learning program was?
Q. You don't recall receiving training in a root learning program as is referencea here?
Q. It goes onto state, the opjective is to have all 43,000 employees of Covid ien be trained by the end of the year. Do you recall?
Q. We'll have this document marked as Exhibit 12, please. It starts as an e-mail from you to Michael Gunning and Ginger Collier cated August 6, 2009. Bates-stamped twice, but the bottom Bates stamp is MNK-Tl 0000418847 through 8850. And again the subject is "Monthly Report."
Q. It states from you, "Attachec is the monthly report for the retail team. Please do not hesitate to reach out if you have any questions." Do you recall generating -- is this refreshing your recollection that were you generating monthly reports at least at about this time?
Q. But you don't have any reason to c oust that you did, given that it's attached to your e-mail, right?
Q. Do you recall that there was
Q. I was just woncering generally if you recall there ever being any sort of telemarlK eting program for your generics products?
Q. And was that overseen by the generics marketing department at Mallinckrodt?
Q. But would it have .teen overseen by the marketing department?
Q. And do you see on the second page under McKesson. That's two bullets. And under the first oullet it states, "To attain the 70 oercent compliance level, the GenericsConnect group of McKesson will start a Mallinckroot HB/APAP promotion. The GenericsConnect telephone sales team will oe offering incentives to the -Pharmacy to ma:< e a conversion." Do you see that?
Q. Mm-hmm.
Q. Do you recall -- do you recall Mallinckrodtcontacting with any of its large customers for their customers to do marketing for them?
Q. Well, first I'm just ask -- asking generally if you recall that type of arrangement.
Q. You don't recall having marketing agreements with your large cistributor customers?
Q. Okay. Or any other sorts of marketing agreements with your cistri outor clients, you don't remem Der having any kind of marketing agreements with them?
Q. Any sort of agreement that you would enter into with a customer li <e McKesson or AmerisourceBergen or any other large customer, c. istributor customer, whereby they would market your crugs for you?
Q. Purchase your product from them?
Q. But that is driving demand for your product.
Q. Increasec Purchases from Mallinckrodt?
Q. Okay. And the GenericsConnect group, that was the telesales department of McKesson that would promote Mallinckrodt opioid products?
Q. The telephone sales team?
Q. So that they could communicate it to others?
Q. All right. You und erstooc while you were at Mallinckrodtthat opioids were controlled su° stances, right?
Q. And that they were classifiec by the DEA as Schedule II narcotics?
Q. Which were the Schec ule III products?
Q. All the other opioid products that we've looked at so far were Schec ule II at the time; is that right?
Q. Were you aware that oxycodone was a Schedule II product?
Q. Were you aware that hydrocodone was a Schedule II product?
Q. The straight hydrocodone?
Q. And were you aware that the morphine sulfate was a Schec ule II products?
Q. Were you aware that the fentanyl products were Schec ule II products?
Q. And as Schedule II products, were you aware that they had a high potential for abuse?
Q. You never has any understanding of -- of why a product would oe classified as a Schedule II products?
Q. And do you know that there were sort of gracations of -- of c angers associatec. with these sorts of crugs?
Q. Do you have an understanding of what a Schec ule I drug is?
Q. And so what was your and erstanding of what a Schedule II products was when you were there?
Q. Well, that's for all -- all sched uled products that were not Schec ule I, right? My question to you is, did you have any understand ing of what Schec ule II meant, or no, maybe you is n't?
Q. And did you have an understanding as to why there were more regulatory requirements for Schecule II than for Schecule III?
Q. You don't remember?
Q. Whether you ever knew
Q. Were you aware that for Schec ule II drugs, Mallinckrodthac an obligation to comply with the Controlled Substances Act?
Q. And when did you first become aware that -- for Schedule II crugs Mallinckrodtwas required to comoly with the Controlled Substances Act?
Q. So you don't recall when you oecame aware of it. Are you familiar with the Controlled Substances Act?
Q. Were you aware that Mallinckrodtwas a DEA registered manufacturer And distributor for purposes of the Controlled. Su ostances Act?
Q. Do you have an understanding of what Mallinckrodt's resoonsioilities were under federal law with resoect to preventing diversion of opioids?
Q. So it was your understanding that Mallinckrodthac no ooligation to orevent civersion?
Q. To prevent diversion of opioid products from its cownstream customers?
Q. So you starter by saying that Mallinckrodtt had n't really put the controls in place to ensure that cownstream customers -- And then it trailed off from there. Hac n't out what controls in -place?
Q. So you understood that Mallinckrodtwas required to have a suspicious orc er monitoring system in place, correct?
Q. And when did you first come to understand that?
Q. Well, do you recall when Mallinckrodtout in a susoicious order monitoring system?
Q. Could you give me your best estimate as to when that system was put into place?
Q. So you don't know if it was towards the beginning of your tenure at Mallinckrodtor towarc the end of your tenure at Mallinckrodt?
Q. And did you have an understand ing that Mallinckrodtwas required to icentify and halt shipments of suspicious orc ers?
Q. did. you have an understand ing that Mallinckrodt had a cuty to is. entify suspicious orders?
Q. 0 <ay. And what was that process And how did it change while you were there, if at all?
Q. Do you have an understanding of what that algorithm was?
Q. And do you recall what the aercentage of increased threshold , what percentage was used to trigger an order being considered. sus aicious by Mallinckrodt?
Q. So then you probably don't have any understanding as to -- or memory as to how it changed, if it did; is that right?
Q. Sure. But what we're talking about here is the suspicious orc er monitoring process, right?
Q. And so do you have any further unc erstanding of what suspicious orcer monitoring process was in Place at Mallinckrodt, apart from what you've just tolc me about the fact there was an algorithm used that you're not sure how it worked?
Q. Do you recall there being a level called "oeculiar"?
Q. Do you recall any other levels, apart from peculiar and suspicious?
Q. Do you recall receiving training on the suspicious order monitoring -p rogram?
Q. Do you recall giving training to others on the suspicious orcer monitoring program?
Q. It starts as an e-mail from Karen Harper to you and others. Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt0000304559 through 698. It's dated June 6, 2008. And the subject is suspicious orc er monitoring training notes from bul narcotic sales meeting presentation. The attachments are customer checklist, susoicious order monitoring training presentation. And do you see in the first sentence, Karen Haroer is stating that she and Bill Ratliff did an introc uctory controlled substance suspicious orc er monitoring training for fiela sales?
Q. Do you see that in the first sentence?
Q. So she And Bill performec this training at the comestic sales meeting for bulk narcotics. Do you see that?
Q. And what was the domestic sales meeting for bul< narcotics?
Q. It doesn't state here who the field sales force were calling on, oes it?
Q. Heacquarter level of your customers, correct?
Q. And the c omestic sales meeting for bulk narcotics, is it your understand ing that that was an internal Mallinckrodtmeeting or -- or a meeting with people from outsice of Mallinckrodt?
Q. So was there a sales team for bul-K narcotics that you're aware of?
Q. And you don't <now who this oresentation was mace to, who was on that fielc sales meeting?
Q. And do you see the next cage, there's a customer checklist?
Q. Do you recall seeing customer checi< lists when you were at Mallinckrodt, liKe this?
Q. Do you "know who created this or when?
Q. And you don't know when it was implemented?
Q. Do you know when -- <now when the use of this chec Klist was imolementec , if at all, at Mallinckrodt?
Q. And the next -- who was Mallinckrodt's security director?
Q. Okay. And you see the next cage starts a PowerPoint, "Mallincroc t controlled substance suspicious orc er monitoring grogram."
Q. First page of the PowerPoint.
Q. And do you see the heading there?
Q. And it states, "Introc uctory training for field sales, June 5th, 2008." So you don't know who's in the field sales group that got this training, right?
Q. You see here that it icentifies the Mallinckrodt susoicious order monitoring procec ure team?
Q. And you are identified on that team?
Q. Do you have any further recollection of what you did as being part of that team?
Q. And the marketing directors were also on that team, Jeff Burc and Bob Lesnak. Do you see that?
Q. And the next page states that, "DEA policy requires that registrants report suspicious orc er to the DEA when c iscoverec through monitoring." Do you see that?
Q. And do you know who at Mallinckrodt was resoonsi.ole for reporting suspicious orders to the DEA?
Q. Do you "know?
Q. So while you were at Mallinckrodt, were you aware of the people who were charges, with that task or if people were actually charged with that tas <?
Q. And did you ever see any suspicious orc ers that were re ported to the DEA?
Q. You don't recall ever seeing any re:P orts to the DEA of sus picious orc ers?
Q. Do you recall where, at Mallinckrodt, those reports, if they existed, would have been kept?
Q. And do you see the next pullet on the DEA policy on suspicious orcers states that, "Registrant is remindec that their res oonsibility does not end merely with the filing of a suspicious orc er reports." Do you see that?
Q. And did you have an understand ing that Mallinckrodt was required not only to re port susoicious orc ers, out also to halt shipment of them?
Q. If you s<i o two pages further onto -- looking at the bottom left, Page 8 of the PowerPoint. Do you see a slic e that says, "Revised controlled substance suspicious orc er monitoring procec. ure highlights"?
Q. Sorry. Mine are -
Q. Mine are c ouole-sic ec •
Q. Sure. If you go to Page 8.
Q. And there's a heading there that says, "Revised controlled substance suspicious orc er monitoring procec ure highlights"?
Q. The fourth entry under the heading states, "Orcer entry system flags peculiar orders of unusual size/frequency based upon algorithm." Do you see that?
Q. Do you have an understanding as to why the orc ers were flagged as oeculiar insteac of sus oicious?
Q. Do you know if any orc ers actually went from the peculiar level to the susoicious order at Mallinckrodtwhile you were there?
Q. Generally?
Q. Do you know what thresholc was usec in the algorithm to flag an orcer as peculiar?
Q. Do you see on the next sage, the heading is, "Revised controlled substance susoicious order customer chec Klist." Do you see that?
Q. And it states, "To se completed by field sales." Do you see that?
Q. So do you know who -- who was required to complete the chec Klist?
Q. Do you know whether your sales team was required to complete the controlled substance suspicious orc er customer checlK list, the generic sales team?
Q. Well, I think this is a cifferent customer checklist. I'm reac ing from this that these are the chec Klists. Are you reading it somehow a little pit differently?
Q. So here it states, "Revisec controlled substance suspicious order customer checklist. To be com oleted oy fielc sales." It goes on to state, "know your customer is the goal." It goes on to state, "Description of neighoorhooc, high crime area, et cetera." Do you know whether or not your sales team was doing any monitoring of neigh porhoods of customers?
Q. Which one was that?
Q. And who was the customer?
Q. Do you recall what the outcome was of that ric e- along?
Q. Do you require -- d o you recall any on-site visits such as indicated in the next line?
Q. And did you to Ke pictures of their locations?
Q. So is it your understanding that this checl this -- this checklist here identified on this page on Page 9 that identifies knowing your customer, knowing a cescription of the neighborhooc And whether it's a high crime area, requiring an on-site visit insid e and out, requiring physical description of facility or photos, And including a list of indicators , that require further review by security, it's your and erstancing that this list was to be aoolied to whom?
Q. Do you recall having communications with your generic sales team about descriptions of neigh.00rhood of certain customers and whether they were in high crime areas?
Q. What about with resoect to on-site visits?
Q. So your only understanding for on-site visit would. be the heac_ quarters for a c istributor. You're not aware of any other on-site visits that Mallinckrodtoerformec?
Q. You or your team?
Q. You don't recall any?
Q. You -- you don't recall where?
Q. Do you know what's in what's referencec here when it says watch outs, including a list of indicators or watch outs?
Q. Yeah, out I'm just wondering if you have an understanding given your years of ex oerience. Do you have an understanding of what was referencec there by watch outs?
Q. And what sorts of things would raise a rec flag, if anything, that you're aware of?
Q. Who is Cathy Stewart?
Q. Do you remem per what area of the company she woriK ec in?
Q. Do you rememoer working with her on any projects?
Q. How alo out George Saffold?
Q. I'll have this document marked as exhibit 14. And it appears to oe an e-mail from Karen Harper cated -- or it starts as an e-mail from Karen Harper cated September 17, 2009, with the subject suspicious orc er monitoring oresentation. Bates-stamped at the bottom Mallinckrodt21000027124 through 18266. And this, if you turn to the attachment. It's MallinckrodtKroci s controllea substance suspicious orc.er monitoring program, And it says API sales and marketing meeting, September 30, 2009. Do you recall an API sales and mar:K eting meeting from September 30, 2009?
Q. And this presentation appears to be similar but not exactly the same as the one we looked at. But if you turn to the Bates-stamped page at the bottom that ends 132, which if you're looking at the bottom left is Page 8 of the PowerPoint.
Q. Do you see it says, "Statistics on national drug a ouse trenc s. Findings from the most recent data availa ole from the National Institute of Drug Aouse." Do you see that?
Q. Do you recall MallinckrodttracKing c. ata available from the National Institute of Drug A.ouse?
Q. Okay. You don't recall ever seeing any sort of data from National Institute of Drug Abuse?
Q. Do you recall seeing information about commonly abusec aoioic And morphine cerivatives?
Q. And here it identifies eine -- cod eine, opium, morphine, cod oxycodone, hydrocodone, fentanyl and fentanyl analogs, And then heroin. Do you see that?
Q. And on the next page, do you see there's a heading called Abuse Trenc s. Do you see the a ouse trenc.s slide?
Q. And it states that "an estimates 48 million people, ages 12 And old er, have usec prescription drugs for nonmedical reasons in their lifetimes." Do you see that?
Q. And that this represents approximately 20 percent of the U.S. population?
Q. And it goes on to state that "among persons aged 12 or olaer who usec pain relievers nonmec ically in the past 12 months, 55.7 percent got the crug from someone they .knew, And only 3.9 Percent purchasec the pain reliever from a drug ealer or other stranger." Do you see that?
Q. did you have an und erstanc. ing of these pasic a use trenc while you were at Mallinckrodt?
Q. So you don't recall having any communications with anybody at Mallinckrodtaoout abuse trends such as these or anything similar?
Q. But my question is a little oit broacer.
Q. Do you recall ever having communications with anybody at Mallinckrodtaoout abuse trends such as these or similar to these?
Q. Do you recall having any communications with any pocy at Mallinckrodta pout acc iction rates for opioid products?
Q. Were you aware of the Rite did issues identified on the next page?
Q. It begins by stating, "On January 12, 2009, Rite did and nine of its subsic iaries in eight states have agreed to pay $5 million in civil penalties. The investigation revealec a oattern of violations of the Controlled Substances Act."
Q. You don't recall any of these tyoes of issues arising with Rite did while you were there?
Q. Okay. Do you see the next page, Page 12, it begins "Masters Pharmaceutical"? Do you recall Masters Pharmaceutical being finec by the DEA?
Q. What do you recall about that?
Q. And it states here that Masters sold more than four million doses of hydrocodone, phentermine and alprazolam to internet pharmacies between 2005 And 2008 without reporting its sales to the DEA. Do you see that?
Q. Were you familiar with -- when you were at Mallinckrodtwith Mallinckrodt -- with Masters' massive amounts of sales of opioid products?
Q. We'll have this document marked as Exhibit 15. It begins as an e-mail from Karen Harper to you dated June 2, 2008. Suoject: "Suspicious orc er monitoring customer checklist/facility photographs." And I would just direct you to the very end of the document where Karen Harper writes, "A suocommittee composec of CSR managers, John Ac ams, And DEA comoliance will meet tomorrow, June 3, 2008, to formulate algorithms to oe used for detection of oeculiar or suspicious orcers." Does this refresh your recollection that you were involvec in formulating these algorithms?
Q. And you don't recall what the algorithms were, correct?
Q. Okay. Do you know if Mallinckrodtwor Ked with any -- with any third Parties to outsource its o oligation to prevent oversupply and c iversion of controlled substances under the Controlled Suostances Act or did it oversee com oliance entirely itself?
Q. So you don't recall working with any third parties on suspicious orc er monitoring?
Q. Let's have this document marked as Exhibit 16. It Begins as an e-mail from Gretta Turner dated July 15, 2008. First page is Mallinckrodt0002906782 through 6783. And it's from -- who is Gretta Turner?
Q. It's from Gretta Turner to you. And the subject is "July 15th IntegriChain meeting."
Q. To you And others, yes. To you and others.
Q. Do you recall working with a company called IntegriChain?
Q. Okay. And actually I see at the bottom of this, it says that Gretta Turner is from risk management. I'm sorry, from -- wait, from mec ical affairs.
Q. She is the risk management coorc inator for Covid ien in the mec ical affairs department. Do you see that?
Q. And IntegriChain was IntegriChain hired -- hired by Mallinckrodt?
Q. You don't recall ever working with anybody from IntegriChain?
Q. And if you turn to the Page 3, looking at the miccle of the page, of the PowerPoint, this slice is titled "Background." Do you see that?
Q. And the first line says, "Covidien has engagec IntegriChain in a oroof-of-conceot -Program that leverages Covidien's channel data to proactively monitor channel integrity." Do you see that?
Q. What's your understanding of what that means?
Q. Does this suggest to you that Covidien actually engaged IntegriChain?
Q. But you would agree that the first sentence says, "Covidien has engaged IntegriChain in a proof-of-concept program that leverages Covidien's channel cata to proactively monitor channel integrity. " Correct?
Q. Do you see the last -- there's a Phase I And Phase II paragraph here. Do you see that?
Q. And under Phase II, the last pullet says, "Demonstrate whether ARCOS data, as provided by the government under FOIA request, can support comprehensive geographically specific monitoring of controllea substance inventory change And ris II Do you see that?
Q. Do you know whether Mallinckrodtever usec ARCOS data in connection with the controlled substance monitoring?
Q. And you don't know whether Mallinckrodtusec IntegriChain to use ARCOS data in connection with controlled ostance monitoring, right? su
Q. You personally have not, out you're still unsure as to whether Mallinckrodtdid, right?
Q. Okay. So if you turn to Page 27, you see there's a page that says, "Orc. ers from high-ris< channels." And it states, "Examples of wholesalers with counterfeiting/c iversion ties purchasing Covidien products." Do you see that?
Q. And then there's a list of products: Methac one, oxycodone with APAP, methadone
Q. I'm on Page 27.
Q. It starts, "Orc ers from high rise channels."
Q. Okay. You got it?
Q. All right. So this doesn't necessarily refresh your recollection that they did any analysis with respect to Covid ien, it could still be a pitching document; is that right?
Q. And if you turn two pages further you see a slice, orcer diversion rise analysis.
Q. I can just see what it says at the top, which iS "oxycodone customers with largest relative growth." Do you see that?
Q. Page 29.
Q. And it says, "Oxycodone customers with largest relative growth." Do you see that?
Q. And it is entifies a number of customers. Do you see that?
Q. 0(.,ay. But you've -- you on't have any recollection of this ocument, correct?
Q. did. you ever have any communications with anyone at the DEA regarding Mallinckrodt's suspicious orcer monitoring procecures?
Q. Do you recall a customer by the name of Sunrise?
Q. And do you recall that in or about 2007 they were placed on a co-not-ship list?
Q. We'll have this document marked as exhibit 17. The bottom Bates-stamped number is Mallinckrodt0000383892, And it is an e-mail from Victor Borelli to you, dated September 27, 2007, with the saoject line Masters. Do you see that?
Q. So in the first -- in the first sentence the subject is Masters, and it's from Victor Borelli. And it states, "I alreacy had a conversation with them about this customer back in June And it sli oec through one of the cracks. They rememoered the conversation cistinctly. They now have that customer on a co-not-shill list." Does this refresh your recollection at all that Masters may have out Sunrise on a do-not-ship list in or about 2007?
Q. And what c. o you recall about this inciaent?
Q. And do you see the beginning of the e-mail, it starts with you asking Victor, "How c is Masters to <e it when the chargeback was c eniec because of their sales to Sunrise wholesale"?
Q. Am I to understand from that that .oasically Masters dicn't get their chargeoac because their sales were rec uced because they had to stop shi Doing to Sunrise?
Q. It's okay.
Q. I see. 0<ay. So that was in September of 2007.
Q. And then we'll have this ocument marked as Exhibit 18. And it's an e-mail that begins from Victor Borelli to you Gated no, it's an e-mail from Kate Neely to Michael Gunning, it starts. Datec June 3, 2008.
Q. And it also deals with Masters. If you take a look at the ocument. And if you start at the end of the e-mail chain, you see an e-mail from Victor Borelli to Kate Muhlenkamo and -- or Kate Neely. Who is Kate Neely?
Q. Okay. And Victor is -- is id entifying some of his larger customers by monthly volume. Do you see that?
Q. And that includ.es ooth Masters and Sunrise. Do you see that?
Q. So is -- is Sunrise now a customer -- a direct customer of yours because you are not shipping to Masters who is shipping to Sunrise?
Q. aKay. And Kate -- Kate Neely says, "Is Masters ongoing?" And Victor Borelli says, "Yes," correct? "They have movea us from secondary to primary and it is ours to lose going forward."
Q. And they have -- appear to have pretty suostantial volume particularly in the oxy 30-milligram, do you see that?
Q. But we see that he's icentifying them as one of his larger customers by monthly volumes in any event, correct?
Q. And do you see Kate -- Kate's response where she states, "These usages account for 10 percent of the 15 and 30-milligram mar(. et, And in the case of the 30-milligram are significantly higher than those of Cardinal, who we have on source. They look" -- all caos "VERY high And are concerning to me. We need to tal. as I don't (, now that I feel comfortable shipping them at such high levels." Do you see that?
Q. Would that suggest to you that these are pretty high levels for oxy 15 and oxy 30?
Q. You don't her comment is simply that
Q. -- here we have an indepencent -- we have monthly volumes for these smaller customers that are actually higher than one of the three largest c istrioutors in the company, Carc inal Health, correct?
Q. And you see that, at least for -- for Kate Neely, she finds these concerning?
Q. So do you see in Victor Borelli's resoonse, he states that under Item 1, "Sunrise business was in their overall monthly usage number. That orings the Masters number down 25 percent right off the oat."
Q. Okay. And so that is that because Masters is no longer shipping to Sunrise because of the e-mail chain we looked at a few moments ago?
Q. Okay. And he goes on to explain that, "We have begun to ship Sunrise an assortment of products: Hyc romorphone, oxy APAP, methadone, oxy taas, et cetera. And you And I have ciscussec this alreac y TY Do you see that?
Q. Do you recall generally weighing in on this d iscussion And talking with them a.00ut the high volume amounts going to Masters, KeySource, Sunrise or NCM?
Q. And in Item 3, with respect to the growth oattern of the molecule, Victor Borelli states, "They had very solic numbers on these two SKUs over the past few years, but since oxy ER came off the market, those two SKUs have skyrocketec . I just took a look at year over year numbers, And the 15-milligram SKU has an '06/'07 growth rate of 60 percent And an '07/'08 growth rate of 43 percent, and the 30 milligrams is even stronger with an '06/'07 growth rate of 80 percent And '07/'08 growth rate of 68 percent." Do you see that? Yes, I do see that.
Q. And is it your understanding that those growth rates are for Masters?
Q. Do you have -- ao you recall the DEA raising an issues with Masters in or about 2009?
Q. I'll have this c. ocument marked as exhibit 19. It's Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt0000565729 through 5730. It starts as an e-mail from you to Michael Gunning d ated May 1st, 2009.
Q. Okay. And it starts off with a reference to Masters resolving their DEA issues. Do you see that?
Q. Mm-hmm.
Q. And it oegins as an e-mail from someone at Masters to you one Victor Borelli, correct?
Q. Do you recall communicating with Denny Smith from Masters?
Q. On this occasion or just generally?
Q. did you have numerous communications with Denny Smith at Masters?
Q. What do you recall communicating with him about?
Q. And what was his response?
Q. Okay. Any other communication? Do you recall?
Q. Do you see in the e-mail at the bottom of the first -page from Denny Smith at Masters, he starts off, "Than K you for to King the time to hear our reply to your concerns on Friday." And he goes on to state, "As you know, the sale of controlled substances to dispensers oy c istributors has come under great ceoate and concern from the DEA." Were you aware of that at the time?
Q. Were you aware of the fact what he's saying, the sale of controlled substances to cispensers by ci stributors has come under great ebate and concern from the DEA?
Q. You became aware of that generally around that time?
Q. But you did receive this e-mail in or a.00ut March of 2009, right?
Q. And he goes on to state, "Many wholesale crug cistributors have already had significant fines And had to ac to their existing protocols." Were you aware of that at the time?
Q. Ucay. And he goes on to state, "Distrioutors are how charged with oolicing cispensers oy increasing pharmacy cue c iligence through technology And staff." Were you aware of that at the time?
Q. So did you have an und erstanci ng at the time that cistributors had. an obligation to monitor c ispensers oy increasing pharmacy due iligence?
Q. Do you recall learning, as is reflected in the -- in the top portion of the e-mail, that Masters had mac e a cecision to greatly curtail shipments to Florida for oxy IR, separate from the DEA action, Because they saw a lot of red flags when visiting a bunch of clinics?
Q. The third paragraph of your e-mail.
Q. Do you recall being aware of that at the time?
Q. Well, you wrote this e-mail on May 1st, 2009, correct?
Q. But certainly by May 1st, 2009 you learnec it, correct?
Q. And are you aware of what red flags were found and are being references. here?
Q. Do you know generally?
Q. But you don't know what types of red flags were founc
Q. And not generally either?
Q. And --
Q. And you were aware that the DEA was requesting penalty money from Masters?
Q. And that the DEA also askec for personal financial statements from all the officers at Masters?
Q. 0.<ay. But you wrote it here in the e-mail, correct?
Q. You mean you don't recall it now, .out you did at the time, right?
Q. Okay. did. you ever have
Q. And do you recall the DEA reaching out to you about Sunrise, reaching out to Mallinckrodtabout Sunrise?
Q. But you recall that the DEA reached out to MallinckrodtKra ct, correct?
Q. Let's have this --
Q. .ocument marked as Exhibit 20.
Q. And this is from Victor Borelli. It starts as an e-mail from Victor Borelli to Michael Gunning dated July 9, 2009. Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt0000459331 to 459332. And it says Sunrise follow-uo.
Q. Does this e-mail refresh your recollection, do you know what call is being ciscussed in the e-mail from you to Victor Borelli and Mike Gunning?
Q. You don't recall anything apout it?
Q. Do you recall the incident?
Q. Do you recall the fact that Sunrise had retainer an ex-DEA agent?
Q. Do you recall who that was?
Q. And do you see you're - would you agree that you're sort of commending Victor Borelli here where you state, "I wantec. to follow up on the meeting with Karen Harper, Bill Ratliff and others regarding the potential issues for oxy 30. The initial tenure" excuse me, "tenor of the call relative to suspicion and cue diligence of Sunrise wholesale was quickly ciffused by your initiative one I want to thank you. The information was vital and oresentation of it was fantastic, not efensive or emotional which could be possible given the c ollars at stake." Do you see that? I do see that.
Q. Does this suggest to you that there were -- there was a Good amount of money at sta Ke with respect to the Sunrise issues?
Q. So is it your position that the -- the salespeople are the -- the pest people to be monitoring suspicious orc ers?
Q. And was that the practice at Mallinckrodtat the time?
Q. And was it the sales team's responsibility to defuse concerns raisec about suspicious orc ers?
Q. It would be easy to become emotional because the sales re o also has collars at stal,the given that his oonus is tiec to his ability to meet sales targets, right?
Q. All right. Going sac to Exhibit 20 for just a moment please.
Q. Do you see at the very end of the e-mail from you, you state, "As a result of the information, Sunrise orders will oe releasec per Bill And Karen. Bill will use the information that you provide to dive c eeoer into reviewing the oxy 30-milligram lot and an audit will be sched ulec over the next six wee (, s with Sunrise." Do you see that?
Q. So ultimately at least with respect to this order, the order was released ; is that right?
Q. And it was released from what?
Q. So it was released from a suspicious order monitoring hole?
Q. So you never knew what the -- what the threshold was that was triggering it as a peculiar or suspicious orcer, correct?
Q. And before -- before it's releasec id you do a site visit of Sunrise or any of its customers?
Q. Okay. But there's no suggestion in here that you had alreac Y teen to Sunrise to do it -- to a site visit; is that right?
Q. Okay. And you -- out you don't recall doing a site visit at Sunrise before releasing this orcer, c0 you?
Q. Do you recall doing a site visit of any of Sunrise's customers before releasing this order?
Q. So there weren't any pictures that you saw of Sunrise or its customers before releasing this orc er; is that right?
Q. But I'm just asking you if you recall seeing any pictures of Sunrise or any of its customers before releasing this orc er.
Q. Or of Sunrise, correct?
Q. OKay. And do you recall reviewing any of the data that would have shown the c elta between these °articular orc ers And And the usual orders from Sunrise before releasing these orc ers?
Q. Let's have this document marked as exhibit 21. And this is an e-mail from Lisa Lunc ergan to Victor Borelli, and you And Kate Neely. Subject is Sunrise reports, cated July 10, 2009.
Q. But you received. it, correct?
Q. And it's Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt 0000448872 through 8874, which is a multi-page ocument. And it says, "Please finc attached the requestec retorts. The first resort is all DEA numbers that have seen shioped products from Sunrise in the oast 12 months. This second, report is a charge bad< report by DEA And SKU showing Sunrise sales as well as other wholesalers." So do you recall whether or not you were the oerson that requested this data regarding Sunrise?
Q. Do you recall requesting this data?
Q. Okay. But you have no reason to c oust that you received it, given that you were cc'd on this e-mail, correct?
Q. Okay. And does this -- if you look at the chart, do you see you have in column E, you have a procuct cescri otion. In products -- column F you have pricing quantity. Column G you have net sales. Column C you have Sunrise wholesaler. So that's your client here, correct?
Q. And then column B you have ship to customer name, And that would .oe your customer's customer, meaning Sunrise's customer, correct?
Q. Now, looking at this list, toes this refresh your recollection that Mallinckrodtdid. actually have data that showed its customer's customers includ ing not just pharmacies, but also physicians?
Q. Correct. But Mallinckrodthad access to data with respect to, for example, here, its customer's customers, Sunrise's customers, including physicians, correct?
Q. Let's have this document marked as Exhibit 22 please. This is an -- it starts as an e-mail string from Victor Borelli to you and others. Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt0000290150 through 151. And you'll see the subject is prescription drug abuse epidemic. Do you see that?
Q. Correct. I'm just labeling these documents by the very first e-mail on the chain
Q. -- so that if there's any question later --
Q. -- we can finc the document that is this exhi
Q. So do you recall receiving an e-mail about the prescription crug abuse eoic emic in or about 2009, July of 2009?
Q. Okay. Do you recall generally?
Q. 0(.,ay. Do you recall learning that South Florida had become the largest suoplier of illegal prescriptions drugs in the country?
Q. Generally?
Q. Was it -- was it your read of this article that the prescriptions drug abuse e-oidemic in Floric a was a result of the aging population in Florida?
Q. Well, as you read it now, is it your unc erstanding that the gist of this article is a pout the aging population in Florica is causing the prescription crug aouse epicemic there?
Q. Do you recall understanding at the time that -- that there was an alarming problem facing the country with nearly one in five teens aousing prescriptions mec ications?
Q. You don't remember -- you on't remember hearing anything about that at the time?
Q. Generally speaking, do you recall hearing that there was an opioid eoic. emic?
Q. Well, the title of this article is "Prescription Drug A.ouse Eoic emic," correct?
Q. So this article is specifically about prescription crugs, correct?
Q. Were you aware that South Florida aecame the largest supplier of illegal prescription drugs in the country?
Q. As it states here, "The number of pain clinics and octors willing to prescri.se these medications has made the area the logical choice for traffic Kers and rug ac dicts looking to ootain prescription drugs, includ ing powerful pain:K illers. IT Do you see that?
Q. And did you understand that to be the case at the time?
Q. Okay. And it goes on to state that, "Some pharmacies have hired oouncers and lookouts in orc er to alert the owners of the stores to investigations." Do you recall hearing anything about that?
Q. It goes on to state, "A lot of the mom And pop pharmacies, the only way they are surviving is oy putting out oxycodone, accorcing to Broward Sheriff's Office Sergeant Richarc Pisanti." Do you see that?
Q. Do you recall hearing that generally at the time?
Q. The Broward County Sheriff's ooinion you mean?
Q. Was your understanding that the proolem was not as severe in Florida as this article suggests?
Q. Okay. And the article goes on to state, "Statistics show an alarming problem facing America." Do you see that?
Q. And at the very end, it references an interview on the CBS Early Show, "National crug control policy director Gil Kerlikows Ke said 'The issue f of prescription crug abuse, which the Office of National Drug Control Policy has been shouting about from the rooftops is a significant proolem in this country.'" Do you see that?
Q. Is a largely what?
Q. Oh, large leap.
Q. And do you see Mr. Borelli's response? He states, "This is an interesting article. This is exactly why Sunrise works/hires Lewis Fischer." Do you see that? I see that, yes. A,
Q. Do you know who Lewis Fischer is?
Q. And did you understand Victor Borelli to be saying that the prescriptions drug abuse eoic emic was largely why Sunrise works?
Q. did you ever interact with Lewis Fischer?
Q. Do you know anything about him?
Q. We'll have this document marked as exhibit 23. It's an e-mail that starts with a string from Bill Ratliff on Monday, July 27, 2009. Bottom Bates stamp number is 0000290175 through 177. If you turn to the very last cage.
Q. Do you see that the string starts as e-mail from Paul Kleissle at the DOJ to Bill Ratliff and Karen Haroer, correct?
Q. Okay. Bill Ratliff's position again, please?
Q. 0<ay. And so the DEA -- DOJ is calling Bill Ratliff and asking him to give him a call regarc.ing the oxy case; is that right?
Q. 0 <ay. And Bill Ratliff reports to you and others that, "The DEA civersion group supervisor recommended that we auc it Sunrise as soon as ooSSi_ole." Do you see that?
Q. Does this refresh your recollection that it was the DOJ that was recommend ing the auc it And not Mallinckrodt?
Q. Well, the DEA, civersion group of the DOJ, correct?
Q. Okay. So here -- if you see Paul Kleissle, the initial e-mail is coming from USDOJ.gov, correct?
Q. 0(. ay. And you see that Bill Ratliff is retorting, "The DEA diversion group supervisor recommencec that we auc it Sunrise as soon as possible." Do you see that?
Q. So in any event, it was not Mallinckrodtthat initiates the auc it of Sunrise. Does this refresh your recollection of that fact?
Q. Well, you knew it when you got this e-mail, though, right?
Q. Right.
Q. Okay.
Q. And she goes on to state that, "I .on't <now anything about the chargebac < system, which is how we cetectec which physicians/pain clinics are receiving our products through Sunrise." Do you see that? I do see that.
Q. And Karen Haroer's oosition was again what?
Q. So does this suggest to you that, at least at that -point in time, Mallinckrodtwas not using the chargepac< system on a regular basis for suspicious orcer monitoring, the fact that she oesn't <now anything a pout the chargapac< system?
Q. Okay. But she coes state here, "I don't <now anything about the chargebac < system," correct?
Q. Okay. And you can speak to chargebacks, out you're not aware, are you, of the chargeback system being usec on a regular basis as part of the suspicious orcer monitoring process?
Q. You don't know one way or another?
Q. Let's have this document marked as Exhibit 24.
Q. This is a document that pegins with an e-mail from Victor Borelli to Bill Ratliff, you and others. Dated August 4, 2009, Bates-stamped MallinciK r oct 0000562325 through 2329. Do you recall generally an issue arising regarding Florida medication going into Tennessee?
Q. Okay. If you turn .oack towards -- towarc s the end of the string. So starting at the beginning.
Q. Do you see that there's an e-mail from Dwayne Collins to Bill Ratliff, suoject, Florida mec ication coming into Tennessee?
Q. And Dwayne Collins, his e-mail adc ress is at mymorristown.com. Do you see that?
Q. And he cescrioes himself as writing from the Morristown, Tennessee, police department, correct?
Q. Okay. And he's raising an issue about Mallinckroat medications coming from Florida to Tennessee. Do you recall this issue being raised?
Q. And And he states in this second paragraph, "In Octooer 2008," that's the general time frame, he goes on to state, "My first eye-ooening exoerience to the pharmaceutical sale of oxycodone sent me off into the c irection of looking at the -Pharmacies that were filling the scripts. It was then that I founc that we were cealing with several pain clinics in Floric a where doctors were prescribing an abundant amount of oxycodone medication to numerous Tennesseans, especially within the jurisdiction that I'm assigned." Do you see that?
Q. He's not referencing a very small amount. He's referencing an abunc ant amount, correct?
Q. But I'm just reading his worc s. He uses an -- he's describing an "a.oundant amount of oxycodone mec ications to numerous Tennesseans," correct?
Q. And he -- a little further on, he says, "I have three indivic uals who are coming up out of Florida on a regular basis And selling massive amounts of oxycodone 30 -- 30 milligrams." Do you see that?
Q. I'm right in the mice le of
Q. -- his third paragraph.
Q. 0(.,ay. So he's talking, at least from his persoective, about massive amounts of oxycodone 30 milligrams, correct?
Q. U(ay. The next paragraph he goes on to state, in the second sentence, "One of the individuals from Floric a who has local ties here told my informant that they would be in Morristown on the 18th of this month And had enough, to OD all of Morristown. This comment leads me to believe that they are coming with a sizable shipment." Do you see that?
Q. Okay. So "enough to OD all of Morristown" is certainly, at least from his persoective, sizable, correct?
Q. Okay. If you skip down a couple of paragraphs, you'll see he goes on to state, "My motel su pooena inc icatec that these people were in this area routinely beginning since March 2009 And it is my opinion that if these people were coming into this area as often as they were and selling the amount that's suspected , this possibly has to lead pack to a holding facility in Florida where the amount talk en is not as obvious as would se if taken out of a pharmacy." Do you see that?
Q. And then he goes on to c escribe the Cottle, and he states, "Small white Dottie without pharmacy label. 100-taplet capacity. CI's advise that the silver foil is still intact when the ca p is unscrewed IT And then he goes on to state, "Oxycocone hydrochloride manufactured py Mallinckrodt." And he gives a barcoc e And a lot numoer. Do you see that?
Q. Okay. And then he is essentially as1King for helo. "I appreciate your helo, and if there is any further information you need from me, olease call me." Do you see that?
Q. Okay. So Mallinckrodtwas then a.o le to icentify that batch by the lot numoer. Do you -- is that your recollection or do you understand that?
Q. Okay. And Mallinckrodtwas also able to is entify the c actor, c.o you see that?
Q. I'm loo-King at Bill Ratliff's e-mail. So the prior page, the page that ends in 327. And Bill Ratliff senc. s to Dwayne Collins in Morristown an e-mail that states, "Dwayne, the doctor we c. iscussed orc erec the following during the last 12 months: 78 potties oxy 15 milligrams, 204 oxy 30 milligrams, 20 methadone 10 milligrams, And 4 hycromorphone. All came from the customer we discussed except the hycromorohone." Do you see that?
Q. U(ay. So is it your understand ing that Mallinckrodtwas aole to is entify precisely the coctor that had orc ered the -- the crugs that are being raised as suspicious by Dwayne Collins?
Q. And if you go a little bit further up in the chain, if you're looking at the e-mail from Bill Ratliff to Tim Wright And others, you'll see Bill Ratliff states, "We ac visec that Sunrise Wholesale Inc. was the only ci stributor resic ing in Florida that received this lot." Do you see that?
Q. "In adc ition, we ac vised that Carc inal Health in Ohio has a istribution center in Floric_ a And had received some of the lot, out the c.octor listed on one of the 100-count oottles that was recovered only purchasec oxy from Sunrise." And then a little -- then it goes on. "For background, Sunrise sells mainly to pain clinics And to dispensing coctorS. One doctor was is entifiec, by an empty 100-count bottle founc by one of the two informants in the investigation. We trackec the c_ actor's purchases through our chargebac.(, system. See below." Do you see that?
Q. And then a little further down it states, "Initially I recommended that we stop shipping to Sunrise until a meeting could be held to ciscuss our due iligence with them. This is cart of our suspicious orc er monitoring system manc atec by DEA. Since Sunrise was having some crec it issues, this was not a pro olem." And then it goes on a little further cown, "It was ceterminec that Victor Borelli had visitec Sunrise when they became a customer, approximately 18 months ago. Originally they purchasec their material from Masters distribution, another customer. Also Victor acvised that Sunrise employec a part-time contract em oloyee Lewis Fischer, former DEA pharmacist, to contact customers to etermine if they were legitimate. Victor actually rode with Lewis And me. Lewis exolainec how he mace the decision on future customers for Sunrise. "Also Sunrise was recently auc ited py the DEA And no issues were identified "During the teleconference a $500,000 check was received from Sunrise through FecEx. After reviewing all of the facts it was determined to continue with the relationship with Sunrise and fill their current orc er." Do you see that?
Q. So does this -- is it your understand ing that -- that essentially Mallinckrodt mac e the c. ecision to fill -- continue filling Sunrise's current orc er?
Q. And is it your understand ing that the DEA did. the audit or the DEA as sec Mallinckrodt to do the and it And Mallincr t oerformec the audit? be
Q. Do you have a recollection of that or are you just reacing that from the e-mail?
Q. Okay. Do you have a recollection of the DEA as(. ing, from the ocuments we looed at a few minutes ago, the DEA asking Mallinckrodt to oerform the audit?
Q. And you c. on't have any recollection of the auc it that was oerformec
Q. By Mallinckrodt, at the DEA's request.
Q. Do you rememoer participating in an auci t of Sunrise?
Q. Okay.
Q. Okay. Let's have this marked as Exhibit 25. This is a document that starts as an e-mail from Karen Harper to you And others, cated August 26, 2009. Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt000388379 through 386. And Karen Haroer's title ic entifiec here is controlled substance compliance, global logistics manager from Mallinckrodt, is sending "Sunrise audit retort craft." Do you see that?
Q. Okay. And if you turn to the next page, you'll see that it starts with the controlled substance compliance suspicious orc er monitoring customer audit checKlist. Do you see that?
Q. Okay. And there are certain items filled in on the checKlist. If you look through Section 2, for example, well, the customer name is ic entified at the to-o. And if you look at the first box in Section 2, you see, "Ordering excessive quantities of a limitec variety of controlled substances while orc ering few if any other drug." And that box is checked yes. Do you see that?
Q. Oh, And also at the to o of this -page it says, "Checklist completed oy Karen Harper." Do you see that?
Q. Okay. And then the next DOX says, "Orc. ering a limited variety of controlled substances in quantities ispro-oortionate to the quantity of noncontrolled medications orc erec." And that chec< box is marked yes as well. Do you see that?
Q. Do you know what a lifestyle crug is?
Q. did you ever hear any opioid products being referrec to as lifestyle crugs?
Q. And do you see in Section 3, it states at the top, on the next page, "Per DEA, a distributor see<ing to cetermine whether a suspicious ore er is indicative of controlled substance iversion to other than legitimate medical channels may wish to inquire of the ordering pharmacy about the following: Has the auc it candidate exercisec due c iligence and eterminec And then there's a number of items to be checked. Do you see that?
Q. And for example, the first one checkec yes states, "The _physician complies with the laws of every state in which controlled substances are sold or shipped." And it states yes. Do you see that?
Q. And the next one says, "Does the physician solicit buyers of controlled substances via the internet or is the subject com-oany affiliatec with an internet site that solicits orders for controlled substances?" And it's checkec yes. Do you see that?
Q. And a couple -- a couple ooxes down, it says, "Does the subject company fill prescriptions issuec by practitioners cased solely on an online questionnaire without a mecical examination or bona fic. e octor-patient relationship. ►~ Do you see that?
Q. Okay. A couple ooxes down it states, "Is there any evic. ence the physician offers to sell controlled substances without a prescription?" Do you see that?
Q. And that box is checked yes, correct?
Q. I just have a few more questions. Hang on.
Q. And I'll let you opine.
Q. If you look then to the -- to the back of this checklist, there's a narrative. Do you see that?
Q. It states under general information, "Sunrise business moc el is to pre-cooK sales in ac vance and order from dosage manufacturers such as Mallinckrodt." Do you see that?
Q. Do you see a little further own it states, "Sunrise accepts orders for C-II controlled substances And has made the business decision to avoic cistribution of C-III and C-IV procucts cue to ootential Internet sales And increased civersion risk of C-III and C-IV procucts." Do you see that?
Q. Is it your understand ing that there was more diversion risk for C- III And C-IV products than there was for C-II products?
Q. Do you see two pages over there's a heading that starts, "Sunrise customer files and DEA 222 forms reviewec VI ?
Q. And there are a numoer of items following, numoered. Do you see those?
Q. And Item 4 is entifies Barry Schultz. Do you see that?
Q. And it states, "Within this customer's file, there was both a formal questionnaire fillec out by Lewis Fischer as well as recent 222 forms with orders attached . This customer had 222 orders for 100 oottles of oxy 30 milligrams, but Sunrise shipped them 24 Bottles And closed town the order. This may have been done due to the tierec system of ordering that Carlos Veron had been referring to during today's meetings." Do you see that?
Q. And this would have been written .oy Karen Haroer, correct?
Q. Okay. Are you familiar with who Barry Schultz is?
Q. You haven't heard his name?
Q. did you ha=en to see the 60 Minutes eoisoc e on Mallinckrodtthat came out in the last few months?
Q. Were you aware that Barry Schultz is now in jail?
Q. Okay. Do you see on the very last page there is a section entitled "Mallinckrodtinformation sharec with Sunrise"?
Q. And it states, "John Adams showed Sunrise some graphs c epicting oxycodone 30 milligrams customer istri oution" "distri oution information extractec from the Mallinckrodt t chargeoac< system." Do you recall doing this? I don't recall coing that, no.
Q. You don't recall doing anything about pulling the graphs or shows the graphs at Sunrise?
Q. And it goes on to state, "The chargepacK system gives Mallinckrodtvisibility to which end user customer is purchasing oxycodone 30 milligrams, from which Mallinckrodtwholesaler/distributor customers." Do you see that?
Q. And then the example that's given a little bit further down the page states, "The Mallinckrodtcharge pack system can identify that customer A purchases 11 Percent of their oxycodone 30 milligrams from Sunrise and customer A also purchases 89 percent of their oxycodone 30 milligrams from other Mallinckrodtt wholesaler/distributor customers such as HD Smith." Do you see that?
Q. So all of that was, at least according to this, available in your chargeback data, correct?
Q. And the audit findings at the bottom. Do you see that?
Q. Do you know whether Masters -- whether Sunrise was affiliatec with an oncology clinic?
Q. Well, not necessarily, pecause Barry Schultz is identified in this report And he's not a pharmacy.
Q. But you can certainly cetermine how many prescriptions that Mr. Barry Schultz is writing?
Q. Well, you can -- o(, ay. Well, you can determine how many orders Barry Schultz is essentially purchasing?
Q. No, out you could -- you could lookit up if you wanted to, right?
Q. And the audit findings here was that Sunrise has systems in olace to maintain a susoicious order monitoring program that meets the guicelines outlinec in C.F.R. 21 1301.74. Do you see that?
Q. And it goes on to state, "There were no ac verse auc it fincings as
Q. You know what, why don't we save that for the end . Because I'm just worried that we're running out of time.
Q. Each one of these documents is so many pages long, And I -- I know people are trying to get out of here.
Q. Have you ever heard of Cares Alliance?
Q. Let's have this document marked as Number 26.
Q. This document starts as an e-mail from Gretta Turner to Jennifer Lierman And Art Morelli, Bates-stamped Mallinckrodt0007094264 through 4294, with the su oject Morelli CA NSM oresentation short version. Do you see that?
Q. And do you know who Arthur Morelli is?
Q. And you don't know what Cares Alliance is?
Q. If you flip through this PowerPoint presentation a little bit, we'll see if it refreshes your recollection. For the record , the title of the PowerPoint is "Safe and Appropriate Use of Opioids," oy Herbert Neuman, M.D., chief medical officer and vice president of medical affairs, And Arthur Morelli, VP medical affairs ooerations for REMS, and then medical affairs. Do you know either of those people?
Q. Do you know who Gretta Turner is?
Q. Mec ical affairs department, according -- according to the first page of this document. A
Q. But you don't recall her?
Q. How about Jennifer Lierman?
Q. Okay. And do you see there are a number of stats in this reports looking at, for example, about the third page in, I think -- the fourth page in -- misuse, abuse, and ac iction. Do you see that?
Q. 0iKay. And then the next slic e is source of aouse of prescri-otion opioids. Do you recall seeing stats li Ke this before?
Q. Where do you see that?
Q. Well, it's unclear whether the entire agenc a is about Exalgo, or whether the one, two, three, the fourth item on the agenca is about Exalgo, right?
Q. And if you go to the next cage after the agenca, you see the introc uction?
Q. The introcuction?
Q. And do you see on the introduction there's a reference to the American Pain Society and the American Acac emy of Pain Medicine?
Q. Do you recall if Mallinckrodthac. any interaction with the American Pain Society and the American Acac.emy of Pain Medicine when you were there?
Q. When you say from a generics oerspective, was Mallinckrodtaffiliatec in any perspective with the American Pain Society or the American Acac.emy of Pain Medicine to your knowledge?
Q. And do you see at the bottom there's a reference to S.M. Fishman, one
Q. Who I'm assuming is Scott Fishman who is the author of the book, "Responsible opioid prescribing: A ecisions guic e." Do you see that?
Q. And do you know if Mallinckrodtt had. any interaction with Scott Fishman?
Q. And do you know if Mallinckrodtcontriouted to the writing of that book?
Q. Or contributec to the func. ing for the writing of that Doak?
Q. Would you have been involvec in that, if Mallinckrodt:K roc tic in fact contribute?
Q. Okay. My understand ing is this was pullet from your custocial files. I don't know. Mayoe it's because there is a reference to John Quincy Ad ams in there. I just noticed that. I mean, maybe that's why. But in any event, you have not seen this document before?
Q. Okay. To your knowledge, did Mallinckrodthave a soea Kers bureau program?
Q. I'm talking about Mallinckrodt generally.
Q. Have you ever heard of Campbell Alliance?
Q. Are you aware of MallinckrodtworKing with any outside organizations with respect to soea Kers Bureaus or key opinion lead ers?
Q. Are you aware of Mallinckrodtwor King at all with any key opinion leaders?
Q. You know what a key opinion lead er is though, right?
Q. Okay. But you just don't recall Mallinckrodtworking with key opinion leaders to your knowledge?
Q. And you left in 2010, right?
Q. That talKes care of that one.
Q. Are you familiar with monthly call plan detail?
Q. Would you have been involved, in any monthly call plan details for Exalgo?
Q. Were you aware at the time that you were at Mallinckrodtthat oxy 15 And oxy 30 were among the most aoused products -- most abusec opioids in Florida?
Q. But you were aware that they were two of Mallinckrodttest selling products, correct?
Q. Were you aware that you had many Florida distrioutors buying solely oxy 15 And oxy 30?
Q. Sure. But I'm asking if you were aware that you had. many Florica cistributors buying solely oxy 15 and oxy 30?
Q. Can you think of any actions that Mallinckrodttoo K to curb the abuse of oxy 15 and oxy 30 in Florida?
Q. Are you aware of any actions that Mallinckrodttoo K to cur p the a ouse of oxy 15 and oxy 30 in Florida?
Q. Are you -- if I ask that same question out for elsewhere in the country, is your answer the same?
Q. Do you know if Mallinckract ever had communications with the DEA in efforts to try to increase DEA quotas that governed the manufacture And cistrfo ution of prescription o Dioic s?
Q. Were you involved in that communication?
Q. Do you rememoer hearing about those types of communications with the DEA?
Q. And is that prompt SO C Mallinckrodtto request higher quotas from the DEA?
Q. My question, though, is a little pit more narrow. It's -- are you aware of communications with the DEA regarding quota and request for increase in quota levels?
Q. And was it your general understanci ng, though, that Mallinckrodt's typical Position would oe to want to increase quota?
Q. And as part of that oojective, dip Mallinckrodt request that the DEA increase quotas? Do you <now that?
Q. So we have already talked about chargeback data, And we've talkec apout IMS ata, which I Believe is the same as IQIVIA data.
Q. Correct?
Q. Okay. Dia MallinckrodtPurchase any other -- or did Mallinckrodthave access to any other data in which it was tracKing trac'King its products, essentially?
Q. did you -- did Mallinckrodthave Wolters Kluwer data?
Q. So I .oelieve you testified that you were not involvec in any tal KS with the DEA regarding any Mallinckrodt opioid products; is that right?
Q. Okay. How about FDA?
Q. No communications with the FDA about REMS, risk evaluation mitigation strategies?
Q. did. that person report to you?
Q. Who would they re port to?
Q. And did you wore with any third parties with respect to REMS?
Q. Were you on any -- on any oharmaceutical board s while you were at Mallinckrodt?
Q. Any others?
Q. And what was your responsibility on the manufacturer advisory board for AmerisourceBergen?
Q. And that was the generic manufacturers ac visory board
Q. Were you on any other board s?
Q. Were you involved with any babying efforts on Mallinckrodt's part with respect to any opioid products specifically or generally?
Q. What department at Mallinckrodtwas involved in lo a Dying?
Q. You don't know, you have no idea?
Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodtwas a member of the Pain Care Forum?
Q. How about the Pain Care Coalition?
Q. American Pain Society?
Q. HDA Research Foundation?
Q. And did you have interaction with HDA while you were at Mallinckrodt , roc t?
Q. Can you clarify what you mean by the distinction?
Q. How about the Center For Healthcare Suooly Chain Research?
Q. Just going back for a moment. How often would you go to HDA Research Found ation meetings?
Q. Okay. So HDA business lead ership meetings you attended how often when you were at Mallinckrodt?
Q. How about the National Wholesale Druggist Association?
Q. Okay. So same answer?
Q. National Association of Chain Drug Stores?
Q. How often did you go to those meetings?
Q. Oh, is that the NACDS?
Q. Alliance For Patient Access?
Q. Fec. eration of State Medical Board S?
Q. U.S. Pain Founc ation?
Q. American Geriatric Society?
Q. Pharmaceutical Research And Manufacturers of America?
Q. Where toes it say on this form that these -- that these questions are questions that Sunrise was to ask?
Q. Does it say that?
Q. The distributor may want to ask these questions?
Q. So Karen asked Sunrise if Sunrise was as'K ing each one of its customers the following questions, And Sunrise respondec yes?
Q. And Karen too.K their worc for it?
Q. And you don't know whether Karen actually went And did any additional follow-uo with res-oect to whether or not Sunrise's responses received from customers were adequate. Do you know the answer to that?
Q. Do you know whether Karen did any aacitional follow-up to determine whether the responses received oy Sunrise were adequate?
Q. Well, you're -- yeah. You are suggesting that Sunrise was as,dng these questions, right?
Q. Do you know whether Karen did any follow-up to determine whether the responses that Sunrise received well, whether, one, Sunrise actually as sec those questions to all its customers, And two, whether the responses received were acequate?
Q. Well, sure. But -- so according to your interpretation of this ocument, basically Sunrise would have as sec for example, Mr. Barry Schultz all of these questions. And Karen is just responding here that yes, they asKed the question?
Q. And there's no information here as to what for exam ole, Mr. Schultz's response might have been, correct?
Q. You don't know one way or another?
Q. A yes answer is great from Sunrise, who was then eventually shut down, correct?
Q. Karen Harper asked -- according to you, Karen Harper asked Sunrise if they asked these questions And Sunrise respondec yes. And in the end, Karen Harper ultimately concludec that there were no problems at Sunrise and that the -- what was it? That Sunrise has systems in place to maintain a suspicious order monitoring program that meets the guic elines, correct?
Q. And you can't rememoer any of the worked that you indivic ually did with resoect to the vicious orc er SUS monitoring systems, correct?
Q. And you don't rememoer actually c. oing any follow-up with resoect to this auc it of Sunrise, correct?
Q. Even though you were on the suspicious orc er monitoring committee, correct?
Q. And you don't <now whether or not any additional -- apart from this checklist form, was there any ad itional information or backup file with respect to Mallinckrodt's auc it of Sunrise?
Q. You don't know the answer?
