Witness: Karen Harper
Attorney: None
Source: MNKOI0004558450
============================================================

Q. Good morning. We met earlier, just a moment ago. Could you please state and spell your name for the record?

Q. Ms. Harper, where do you currently reside?

Q. Okay. And I know that you have had your deposition taken at least once before in connection with a matter involving Island Drug Pharmacy. Have you had your deposition taken at any other time other than that instance?

Q. Okay. So how many times have you been deposed?

Q. Okay. So you understand probably some of the ground rules, but I just want to remind you of a few that are important to me today. The court reporters have the most important job here in transcribing everything that we're saying, so it's important that we don't talk over one another. So please wait until I finish my question before you move on to your response, and likewise, I'll wait until you finish your question {sic} before I move on to my next question. Does that sound good?

Q. And to the extent I ask a yes or no question, I would ask that you actually in fact answer yes or no, if that's your response, rather than shaking your head or nodding your head.

Q. Okay. And from time to time counsel at this table may object to my questioning, but unless you get a clear instruction not to respond, I would ask that you respond to my question. Okay?

Q. I think we're here for a fairly long time today, so to the extent you need breaks throughout the day, please feel free to ask and I'll do my best to accommodate. Okay?

Q. Ms. Harper, is there anything that you can think of today that will prevent you from testifying truthfully and honestly?

Q. Great. Ms. Harper, what did you do to prepare for this deposition today?

Q. Okay. And who are they?

Q. Okay. And Mr. O'Connor and Mr. Davison sitting here today, are those the two individuals that you met with?

Q. Okay. And how many attorneys did you meet with?

Q. Okay. And how many times did you meet?

Q. Okay. So you met for five different days or five different sessions?

Q. Okay. And how many hours total would you say that would be?

Q. Sounds like a lot of preparation. Other than your outside counsel, or other than Ropes & Gray, were there any other people present during your meetings?

Q. Okay. And in those meetings, did you review any documents?

Q. Okay. And did -- were those documents selected by counsel?

Q. Okay. And did you provide any documents in any of these meetings?

Q. Okay. In preparation for this deposition today, have you spoken with any current or former employees of Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Are you aware that other former and current employees of Mallinckrodt have been deposed?

Q. Okay. Have you spoken with any of those deponents?

Q. Okay. You know who Bill Ratliff is, right?

Q. Have you spoken with him about this deposition at all?

Q. Okay. Do you know who John Gillies is?

Q. Have you spoken with him?

Q. Okay. Ms. Harper, where did you go to school? I mean, college, excuse me.

Q. Okay. And what was the name of that school?

Q. Okay. And did you actually obtain a degree?

Q. Okay. And where did you -- by the way, what year did you stop going to school?

Q. Okay. And after you stopped going to community college, where did you first work?

Q. Okay. And what did you do there?

Q. Okay. When did you first start working at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. So there was a brief period of about approximately one year between when you ceased going to community college and when you started working at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And what was your first job at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And clerk typist for what division or department?

Q. Okay. And how long did you do that?

Q. Okay. I may want to walk through each position you had at Mallinckrodt, but why don't we try this way. When did you first become senior manager of controlled substance compliance?

Q. Okay. Do you remember if it was the late '70s or the early '80s?

Q. Okay. And when I say "controlled substance compliance," it's my understanding that the group was actually called DEA compliance at the time.

Q. Does that comport with your understanding?

Q. And so you have no recollection of when you became senior manager of DEA compliance?

Q. Okay. And what is your recollection? Is it approximately -- I mean, are we talking the 1990s that you became the senior manager or is it the '80s?

Q. After 2000?

Q. Okay. So from the period between when you became senior manager of controlled substance compliance, or DEA compliance, and when you were first started at Mallinckrodt, there was approximately 25 years that had passed?

Q. Okay. And how was it that you became senior manager of that group after starting as a clerical typist?

Q. Okay. And when did you become coordinator of the DEA compliance/CSC?

Q. Okay. That's -- I believe that's when you said you became senior manager. I was asking when you first became a coordinator, as you described earlier. Approximately when was that?

Q. I got it. So around 2001 is when you became a coordinator --

Q. -- at the control --

Q. -- for the DEA compliance group?

Q. That's helpful. Thank you. And at the time you became involved in the DEA compliance group, were you aware that Mallinckrodt was manufacturing controlled substances?

Q. Including prescription opioids?

Q. Okay. And by the way, have you ever worked for the DEA?

Q. Have you ever worked for the government?

Q. Have you worked in any -- for any employer that -- whose responsibility it was to perform diversion-type activities on controlled substances?

Q. Okay. Other than the one year between finishing your -- or other than the one year between when you stopped going to community college and when you started working at Mallinckrodt, fair to say that you had no other employment? In other words, from 1975 to present, you have always worked at Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Okay. At the time you joined in 2001, the approximate 2001 time period, when you joined the DEA compliance team, approximately how large was that team?

Q. Okay. And who were those three or four people?

Q. Okay. Who was your manager at that time?

Q. Okay.

Q. That's okay. We can get it later.

Q. And so you reported to him?

Q. Okay. And you said two other compliance managers. Who --

Q. Coordinators, excuse me.

Q. Thank you. Who were they?

Q. And did the composition or the size of this team change over time?

Q. Okay. Did it expand, I assume?

Q. And when did you -- when do you recall when it first expanded beyond the four -- three or four people you've mentioned?

Q. Okay. Did it -- and how -- to what extent did it grow?

Q. Okay. So fair to say it doubled in size? Your group --

Q. -- became seven or eight people?

Q. Okay. At any time that you were involved in the DEA compliance group, was the group ever comprised of more than ten individuals?

Q. Okay. It was always approximately anywhere from three to eight people?

Q. Okay. Ms. Harper, are you familiar with the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. And are you familiar that pursuant to Controlled Substances Act that registrants have a fundamental duty to maintain effective controls against diversion?

Q. Okay. And are you familiar that under the -- do you mind if I call the Controlled Substances Act the CSA?

Q. Okay. Are you familiar that pursuant to the CSA that registrants have a duty to monitor and implement a system to identify suspicious orders?

Q. Okay. And these obligations have existed since the time that CSA was enacted, correct?

Q. Okay. And by CFR 21, are you referring to the -- what's commonly referred to the regs that are interpreting the CSA?

Q. Okay. Regardless of when they were enacted, you understood at the time that you joined the DEA compliance group in 2001 that the CSA required registrants to design and implement a system to identify suspicious orders; is that correct?

Q. Okay. What was your compensation when you first became a coordinator at -- in the DEA compliance group in 2001?

Q. Okay. Can you give us an approximation?

Q. Was it less than $50,000?

Q. Okay. Was it less than $25,000?

Q. All right. What was your compensation when you became senior manager of DEA compliance?

Q. Okay. Do you have an approximate recollection of how much you made?

Q. Okay. Do you recall if it was $75,000 or more or above?

Q. Okay. Do you know what your salary is currently?

Q. Okay. And you're currently director of controlled substance compliance, correc七?

Q. And what is your salary currently?

Q. And do you have any equity?

Q. And what does that equity consist of?

Q. And when did you start receiving shares in the company?

Q. Okay. And do you have any other -- do you have a retirement package at all?

Q. Okay. And what does that consist of?

Q. Okay. Other than the 401 and shares that you have been gifted, do you have any other additional compensation in addition to your salary?

Q. And what does that consist of?

Q. Okay. And approximately how much is that?

Q. Okay. And what's the approximate percentage that you received last year?

Q. Okay. And has that -- over the time that you've either been senior manager or director of controlled substance compliance, has it been that approximate percentage?

Q. Okay. Great. Ms. Harper, have you reviewed any court documents or pleadings in this case?

Q. Okay. Are you aware that there's a case currently pending in Ohio, generally titled the national opioid litigation?

Q. And you're aware that there are approximately 1500 jurisdictions that have filed suit against various manufacturers, distributors and retail pharmacies of prescription opioids?

Q. Okay. And are you aware that these jurisdictions have alleged that these entities are responsible for the opioid crisis?

Q. Okay. By the way, are you aware -- strike that. Are you generally aware that these jurisdictions are alleging that these entities should be responsible for the costs that these entities have incurred as a result of responding to the opioid crisis?

Q. Okay. And are you aware of any complaints that have actually been filed against your company?

Q. Okay. So you haven't read any of the complaints that have been filed against Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. When you say "pieces of the MDL," what do you mean?

Q. And particularly when you say "pieces," I'm just trying to get an understanding of what you've reviewed.

Q. I see. So in other words, you're getting and receiving and reviewing these news updates about the MDL?

Q. Okay. Great. Ms. Harper, do you agree that there's an opioid epidemic in this country?

Q. Okay. And are you aware that there's been an opioid epidemic in this country for quite some time?

Q. When did you first start believing that there was an opioid epidemic in this country?

Q. Mid-2000s?

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with Mallinckrodt's market share of prescription opioids?

Q. Okay. With respect to the generic product line of Mallinckrodt, are you aware of Mallinckrodt's market share in the generic line of business?

Q. Okay. Are you aware that Mallinckrodt has been either the number one or number two in terms of market share generic manufacturer of prescription opioids for the last 20 or so years?

Q. Okay. What is the statistic that you have heard?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And generic suppliers of prescription opioids in particular, correct?

Q. Okay. And currently, do you understand that Mallinckrodt has the number one market share of generic prescription opioids?

Q. Okay. During your time as director or senior manager of controlled substance compliance, have you ever inquired as to the market share of Mallinckrodt with respect to prescription opioids?

Q. And which specific drug substances?

Q. Okay. And when over the last 20 or so years have you inquired into that? Has that been inquiries that you've made on a fairly regular basis?

Q. And those quota requests on an annual basis, correct?

Q. Okay. And so you would say that you have regularly -- I just want to make sure I understand when you -- when you have inquired into understanding Mallinckrodt's market share, and you've said on a fairly consistent basis, correct?

Q. Okay. And consistent means throughout the year, as you've described, in connection with issues when dealing with quota requests to the DEA?

Q. Okay. Going back to your current position as director of controlled substance compliance --

Q. That's okay. -- when did you become director?

Q. Okay. So fairly recently?

Q. And before that, you were senior manager of controlled substance compliance, correct?

Q. Okay. And so was this considered a promotion?

Q. Okay. And who did you replace, if at all? If anyone?

Q. So was this position created for you?

Q. Okay. And what were the circumstances of creating this position?

Q. Okay. And now that you're director, do you have people that report to you?

Q. And who reports to you?

Q. And who are they?

Q. And who is the other person? You said there were two?

Q. Okay. And you have worked with Mr. Hunter and Ms. Spaulding before, correct?

Q. And you worked with them in connection with the controlled substance compliance team throughout the time you were senior manager, correct?

Q. I'd like to hand you an exhibit. Go ahead and mark this as Harper Exhibit 1. And there's no Bates on this, but this -- this appears to be a printout of your Linkedln profile; is that correct?

Q. And does that appear to be an accurate reflection or copy of your Linkedln profile?

Q. And I don't want to spend too much time on it, but I do want to ask you a question about your involvement in the National Association of Drug Diversion Investigators. Do you see that reference? I believe that's on the next page.

Q. And it indicates that you've been a member of the NADDI since 2013?

Q. What is the NADDI?

Q. Okay. And diversion of controlled substances?

Q. And did you have any involvement in the NADDI prior to 2013?

Q. Okay. And what was that involvement?

Q. From the NADDI?

Q. Other than receiving news from the NADDI, did you have any other type of involvement with them?

Q. Okay. Were you ever -- the first time you became a member of the NADDI was in 2013?

Q. Okay. Do you have any involvement with any type of diversion organization prior to 2013?

Q. And which one is that?

Q. Okay. And I believe I've seen plenty of references to that group in the documents, but is that -- correct me if I'm wrong, but is that a type of industry working group?

Q. In other words, there were other manufacturers and distributors that were part of that group?

Q. Okay. So manufacturers of prescription opioids were in that group; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Other than that group, any other organization that you were involved in?

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with the National Association of Controlled Substances Authorities?

Q. Okay. So you had involvement with them?

Q. Sure.

Q. Okay. Since when?

Q. Okay. So about the same time you joined the NADDI?

Q. Okay. Did you have any involvement with this National Association of Controlled Substances Authorities prior to 2013?

Q. Okay. So fair to say other than the Midwest Substance Compliance working group, prior to 2013 you had no other involvement with any other diversion-type group?

Q. Okay. Did you ever consider membership or joining any such groups?

Q. Okay. Why not?

Q. Okay. And let's take a step back. When you became -- I understand you don't recall when you became senior manager of controlled substance compliance, but turning back to the first page of your Linkedln profile, it indicates that -- or at least the profile indicates that you have been senior manager for 43 years. Is that incorrect?

Q. Okay. It's more accurate to say that you've been senior manager for some period less than 17 years when considering that you joined the controlled substance compliance group in 2001?

Q. Okay. And when you first became senior manager of the controlled substance compliance group, what were your general responsibilities?

Q. Okay. So in your previous position, you had never communicated -- or never met with the DEA, but when you became senior manager, you became more involved and met actually with the DEA?

Q. Sure.

Q. Okay. And so how did that change when you became senior manager?

Q. I see. And a moment ago when you said that the only thing that really changed was your interactions with the DEA relative to when you were a manager, tell -- please describe what your responsibilities were then as a manager of the controlled substance compliance group.

Q. So when you say you had primary responsibilities associated with St. Louis and Hobart facilities, what exactly do you mean?

Q. Okay. And when you became senior manager, those responsibilities continued, correct?

Q. Okay. And as you said, you started interacting with the DEA on a more regular basis. Do you recall when you first started communicating with the DEA more frequently?

Q. Okay. Real briefly turning back to your membership in the NADDI, are you aware that they conduct trainings on topics such as diversion?

Q. Okay. Did you ever attend any of those trainings?

Q. Did you ever attend those trainings before 2013?

Q. Okay. Prior to 2013, did you ever attend any type of training related to diversion?

Q. Okay. And what type of trainings?

Q. Uh-huh. And --

Q. Go ahead. Sorry.

Q. That's okay.

Q. Sure. Similar to the Midwest substance compliance group you were referring to, or something separate?

Q. Okay. And these were put on by, as you said, private entities?

Q. Okay. And in the -- from the 2001 to 2013 time period, how frequently did you attend these trainings?

Q. One per year. Okay. And the DEA conferences, do you recall going to those on an annual basis or was that less frequent than an annual basis?

Q. Okay. And do you recall attending a DEA conference in the fall of 2008?

Q. Sure.

Q. That's fine. We can get to some documents --

Q. -- that will hopefully refresh your recollection later.

Q. Do you maintain relationships with any other individuals who have similar jobs as you do for other entities?

Q. Which individuals and for what entities do they work for?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Okay. And the director of Teva, who is she or he?

Q. And how long have you known her?

Q. In 2001?

Q. Okay. And did you speak with her about diversion-type activities?

Q. And how frequent?

Q. Okay. Are you aware of Federal Register notices?

Q. Did you regularly review them during your time in the DEA compliance group?

Q. How frequent would you say you reviewed those?

Q. Okay.

Q. I see. And when did you start doing that?

Q. And would you say it was your responsibility to review those notices?

Q. Okay. And when did -- and I assume you don't do that anymore if you said "initially"?

Q. Okay. And who would be those individuals?

Q. And he also, as you said before, reports to you directly right now?

Q. Are you aware of reviewing any Federal Register Notices in the mid-2000s?

Q. Sure. But -- so I guess I'm trying to get an understanding of when you started reviewing these Federal Register Notices.

Q. Okay. Again, we'll get to some of those in a moment.

Q. Now, when you were in the DEA compliance group, did you become aware of DEA actions and investigations against major distributors?

Q. And those major distributors are ABC, Cardinal and McKesson?

Q. And did you review the details of these investigations or DEA actions when you became aware of them?

Q. Okay. Would it be fair to say that these settlements and DEA actions of the distributors caught your attention in mid-2000 time period?

Q. The mid-2000s?

Q. Okay. And would it also be fair to say that up to that point, DEA actions were against small or mid-sized distributors related to their diversion-type activities?

Q. Now, at some point did you also become aware of an action involving Purdue?

Q. In particular, did you ever become aware of the Purdue consent decree in 2007?

Q. And are you aware that that investigation revolved around Purdue's manufacturing, promotion and advertising activities of OxyContin?

Q. Okay. And at the time you became aware of that consent decree, I assume you're also aware that Mallinckrodt was manufacturing a generic form of OxyContin?

Q. Okay. So you are aware that Mallinckrodt has manufactured oxycodone, correct?

Q. And oxycodone, generally speaking, is a generic form of a prescription opioid?

Q. Okay. And you're also aware that Mallinckrodt manufactured various dosage strengths of oxycodone, correct?

Q. Including oxy 15 milligrams and oxy 30 milligrams, correct?

Q. And by "IR" you mean immediate release, correct?

Q. Now, one of your primary responsibilities as senior manager of controlled substance compliance was to design and implement a system to identify suspicious orders, correct?

Q. Okay. So when you say "we already had a system in place," first of all, when -- what time period are you talking about right now?

Q. Okay. And what did that system -- what was your understanding of what that system consisted of?

Q. Okay. Other than that algorithm, were there any other elements of that system?

Q. Okay. And what did those consist of?

Q. Yeah.

Q. Okay. And I want to get an understanding of when these elements were in place, because I've reviewed a lot of documents in this case and I've been able to determine -- or at least from my interpretation I've been able to see some of these things that you have discussed during certain time periods. But I want to understand what you said a moment ago when you said that Mallinckrodt always had a system. Do you recall that testimony?

Q. Are these things that you're describing, are you testifying that Mallinckrodt always had all these elements in connection with the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Okay. So prior to, for example, 2003 --

Q. -- there was -- I just want to make sure I understand.

Q. The suspicious order monitoring program, as you understand it, consisted of both an algorithm and other factors that you had previously described; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Now, setting aside what you understood to be the -- by the way, do you mind if I call suspicious order monitoring "SOM" for short?

Q. Okay. Other than what you believe to be the elements of Mallinckrodt's SOM program, when you became involved as a senior manager of the controlled substances compliance group, is it accurate to say that one of your primary responsibilities was to design and implement a system to identify suspicious orders?

Q. Okay. Well, it's my understanding that you revised that system over time when you were a senior manager. Is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. So during the time that you were senior manager, is it accurate to say that you continued to help design and implement Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring system?

Q. Okay. Now, a fundamental feature of any SOM program is to prevent diversion of controlled substances, so just prescription opioids manufactured by Mallinckrodt; is that correct?

Q. Okay. So you have a distinction between prevent and guard against?

Q. Okay. And what is that distinction?

Q. That's okay. And when you say "may be," is one way to say it that a fundamental feature of a SOM program is to guard against the potential diversion of controlled substances?

Q. Okay. And guarding against the diversion of prescription opioids is an important responsibility of a company that manufactures prescription opioids; wouldn't you say?

Q. Okay. And as we discussed before, the CSA imposes that obligation on registrants in the supply chain, including on Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. And would you agree with me that that would be one of the most fundamental duties of the CSA?

Q. Sure. And I understand that there are

Q. Okay. Now, as we discussed before, in connection with these duties, you helped revise Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program, correct?

Q. And these revisions occurred generally in the 2000 -- the late, I guess I would say -- I would describe it this way. These revisions occurred sometime between the 2008 and 2012 time period. Would that be fair to say?

Q. Would it be accurate to say that there was increased scrutiny on Mallinckrodt's SOM program in 2008?

Q. Okay.

Q. Do you recall a time in which you believed there was increased scrutiny on Mallinckrodt's SOM program?

Q. And approximately what time period was that?

Q. Okay.

Q. Do you recall any instances in which you met with DEA prior to that in which you discussed Mallinckrodt's SOM program?

Q. Okay. When was that?

Q. Okay. By the way, when you became senior manager of controlled substance compliance group -- of the controlled substance compliance group, you were the -- you had the primary responsibility of revising and designing Mallinckrodt's SOM program; is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. And when you say you were "part of a team," who was on that team?

Q. Okay. And security, is that Bill Ratliff?

Q. Okay. Anybody other than Bill Ratliff or John Gillies?

Q. Was that Mr. Lohman and Ms. Duft?

Q. Okay. Who else?

Q. So other than security, legal, commercial and IT, were there any other groups or departments that were part of the SOM team?

Q. Okay. Thank you. When you referenced the commercial group a moment ago, what did that consist of? In other words, who were members of that commercial group?

Q. Anyone else?

Q. Okay. And Steve Becker was a national account manager, correct?

Q. Okay. Were there any other customer service representatives that were part of that group?

Q. Okay. Who were they?

Q. And Jim Rausch was part of commercial?

Q. Okay. Than commercial you're saying?

Q. Now, you mentioned some names of people that have been deposed previously in this case in the past few weeks. Many of them have testified that you are the person most knowledgeable about Mallinckrodt's SOM program. Would you agree with that assessment?

Q. Sure. Do you believe there's anyone in the SOM team or anyone else in the company, for that matter, with more knowledge about Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program than you?

Q. Okay. By the way, other than the SOM program that you helped revise, design and implement, were there any other programs or systems in place at Mallinckrodt related to diversion of controlled substances?

Q. Okay. And what were those?

Q. Okay. And taking that last category that you described with respect to educating, I guess the public on safe prescribing and dispensing, when did Mallinckrodt first engage in that type of conduct?

Q. Do you generally recall if it was after 2010?

Q. Okay.

Q. And then when you described the law enforcement activities, it seemed like to me, and correct me if I'm wrong, that those -- you provided that type of support when they requested it; is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. So in other words, there wasn't a program in place in which you were regularly providing testimony, for example, but you were -- you were providing testimony to help law enforcement when they requested it; is that fair?

Q. Okay. Now, is it accurate to say that one of the -- you mentioned this a moment ago, but I just want to make sure I understand correctly. But is it accurate to say that one purpose of a SOM program is to identify orders of unusual size?

Q. Okay. And would it also be -- well, why is that?

Q. Okay. And other than that general concept that -- in particular, the size of an order at its most fundamental level is important because an excessive order or an order of -- that's -- that's large could potentially be unusual; is that correct?

Q. Sure. But generally speaking, shipping too many prescription opioids could potentially be problematic, correct?

Q. Sure. Another purpose of a SOM program is to identify orders that deviate from a normal pattern; would you agree with me?

Q. Okay. And it's important to identify ordering patterns at a general level; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And another purpose of a SOM program is to identify orders of unusual frequency; is that fair to say?

Q. And it's important to identify the timing of orders; that would be fair to say?

Q. Okay. And would you agree with me that one of -- or another central purpose of identifying suspicious orders is to avoid filling them for any other purpose than legitimate, scientific or medical needs?

Q. Okay. Would you agree with me that an effective SOM program would be able to identify whether a pharmacy or clinic is ordering excessive quantities of controlled substances?

Q. Okay. You don't believe that would be an effective SOM program, or you wouldn't -- you don't agree with me?

Q. Sure. Would you agree with me that an effective SOM program would be able to identify whether a pharmacy or a clinic is ordering excessive quantities of controlled substances?

Q. Sure, I understand that, and I understand that there are several different things that you may consider. But would you agree with me that one aspect of an effective SOM program would be to identify pharmacies or clinics that order excessive amounts of controlled substances?

Q. I understand that. But as -- as an entity that sells to wholesalers, distributors, you know that eventually those products are going somewhere else; is that fair to say?

Q. The distributors aren't necessarily providing them directly to the consumers at that point, correct?

Q. So eventually these distributors distribute these controlled substances to, among other entities, pharmacies and clinics; is that correct?

Q. Okay. So would you agree with me that one component of a -- an effective suspicious order monitoring program is to identify whether or not these downstream pharmacies or clinics are ordering excessive quantities of controlled substances?

Q. Right.

Q. And we'll get to that in a moment, but I just have a very specific question that I was hoping that you could answer. Now, you agreed with me that distributors sell downstream to pharmacies and clinics, correct?

Q. And at some point -- and I understand your testimony that you became aware that you had to, in your words, know your customer, correct?

Q. Right. And then also you talked about knowing your customer's customer as well, correct?

Q. And putting aside when you became aware of that, I'm simply asking you: Would you agree with me that one component of an effective S0M program would be to identify whether or not a downstream pharmacy or clinic is ordering excessive quantities of controlled substances?

Q. Okay. Now, would you also agree with me that an effective SOM program would be able to identify whether or not that downstream pharmacy or clinic was ordering from multiple distributors?

Q. Okay. And in fact, that was something that was important to Mallinckrodt to try and determine at some point in the, I believe, the 2010 or 2011 time period, correct?

Q. Okay. So in other words, if a downstream pharmacy or clinic was ordering the same oxy 15 manufactured by Mallinckrodt from five different distributors, it would be important to know that, correct?

Q. Right.

Q. And you would agree with me that an effective SOM program would be able to determine or identify whether or not that downstream pharmacy or clinic was ordering from multiple distributors, correct?

Q. Now, some of these factors we were just discussing, is it fair to say that you acquired this knowledge of -- strike that. Was there ever a time when you were senior manager of controlled substance compliance where you became aware that relying on a simple algorithm or numerical formulation alone was insufficient for purposes of complying with your duties under the CSA?

Q. Okay. And approximately when was that?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. So you would agree with me then that an ineffective SOM program would be one that just simply relies on numerical formulas to try and understand orders that are suspicious; is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. Well, regardless of the guidance that you received, I'm just simply asking you today, as you sit here in your position as someone that is most knowledgeable about Mallinckrodt's SOM program: Would you agree with me that an ineffective SOM program would be one that simply relies on numerical formulas to identify suspicious orders?

Q. Okay. Now, you talked a moment ago about how there was always -- as far as you know, there was always an SOM program at Mallinckrodt as far as -- as long as you could recall.

Q. Now, from my position, looking at the documents, the first reference I see to an SOM program existing at Mallinckrodt is from 2003. Is it your testimony that an SOM program existed prior to that?

Q. Okay. And the program prior to 2003 consisted of, in your testimony, of both the algorithm and some of the other factors that you were describing before?

Q. And turning to that algorithm, what was your understanding of what that algorithm consisted of?

Q. Okay. And when you say a "multiplier," what do you mean?

Q. And a 1.5 multiplier relative to what?

Q. Okay. And I have seen some references in the documents to a previous order pattern consisting of anywhere from 7 to 18 months. Does that comport with your general understanding?

Q. Okay. But generally speaking, what you mean when you say "multiplier" and when you referenced 1.5, are you saying that the algorithm in place before 2003 was utilization of some multiplier relative to the previous ordering history of a Mallinckrodt customer? Is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And the customers at the time, of course, are wholesale distributors, right?

Q. Okay. So prior to -- was that generally 2004, 2005; do you know?

Q. Okay. That's all right. That's helpful. So before acquiring the Hobart facility, Mallinckrodt was only distributing to other manufacturers?

Q. Okay.

Q. And these other manufacturers included entities like Purdue?

Q. Right. Okay. So then -- thank you for bringing up the bulk narcotics. This order -- excuse me. This SOM program that you're describing, was there an SOM program that existed both with respect to Mallinckrodt's bulk business and its dosage business at the time you became involved in the DEA compliance group?

Q. Okay. And then I just want to make sure the record is clear because we're talking about the bulk business. But when did you became {sic} aware of an algorithm or

Q. And that was after you acquired the Hobart facility?

Q. Okay. So prior to that time, Mallinckrodt did not have -- because they weren't participating. But they did not have

Q. Okay.

Q. Welcome back from the break, Ms. Harper.

Q. Now, at some point in time when you were involved in the controlled substance compliance group, did you become aware of diversion issues in the state of Florida in particular?

Q. Okay. And approximately when was that?

Q. Okay. And were you aware of the problems that existed in Florida through, among other things, communications with the DEA?

Q. Okay. And is it fair to say that the DEA was focused on the distribution of Mallinckrodt oxy -- oxycodone 15 milligrams and oxycodone 30 milligrams?

Q. Okay. And do you mind if I call that, just for shorthand, oxy 15 and oxy 30s?

Q. So you were aware at some point in time when you were involved with the controlled substance compliance group that Mallinckrodt was manufacturing a substantial amount of oxy 15s and 30s that were ending up in Florida; is that accurate?

Q. Sure. But you knew that -- you became aware at some point that Mallinckrodt was sending hundreds of millions of pills to the state of Florida, and in particular oxy 15s and oxy 30s; is that fair to say?

Q. Yeah. And setting aside who you directly sold to, at some point in time you became acutely aware of the amount of oxy 15s and 30s that were ending up in Florida, regardless of who you initially sold them to; is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. And you also became aware that Mallinckrodt-manufactured generic opioids, including oxy 15s and 30s, were being widely abused and diverted in Florida; is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. And are you also familiar with the term "the Oxy Express"?

Q. In fact, you gave a presentation, I believe, at one point in time about the Oxy Express; is that accurate?

Q. And the Oxy Express is also shorthand for the migration of pills from Florida up north through the I-75 corridor; is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. But generally speaking, you agree with me that the Oxy Express refers to the migration of pills outside of the state of Florida?

Q. Okay. And these pill migrated to other states, including, for example, Ohio; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Have you ever heard the term "blue highway"?

Q. Okay. You understood that Mallinckrodt oxy 15s and 30s were blue, correct?

Q. Okay. And you understood that

Q. Do you understand that to be the case?

Q. Okay. So with respect to at least oxy 30 -- and again, we're talking about the IR oxy 30s.

Q. Those pills were blue, and you understood that those pills were migrating north away from Florida; is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. We'll get to this a little bit later, but about a year and a half ago you obviously became aware of a settlement between Mallinckrodt and DOJ; is that correct?

Q. And the settlement was with respect to Mallinc -- among other things, Mallinckrodt's conduct with respect to suspicious order monitoring of controlled substances, correct?

Q. Okay. And the settlement resulted in a $35 million payment by your employer to the government, correct?

Q. Okay. And given that the settlement revolved largely around Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring activities -- I mean, that was something that was your responsibility during the relevant time period covered under the settlement; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And the relevant time period of the settlement, I believe, or the covered conduct as described in the settlement -- actually, strike that. Are you familiar with the terms of the settlement?

Q. You reviewed them?

Q. Did you play a role in negotiating any of the terms?

Q. Okay. That was presumably done by counsel?

Q. Both in-house and outside counsel?

Q. Okay. Were you consulted at all in connection with the settlement?

Q. Okay. And I understand the settlement includes a period described "covered conduct." Do you recall that provision of the settlement agreement?

Q. And the time period for that covered conduct was from January 1, 2008, to January 1, 2012. Is that consistent with your understanding?

Q. Okay.

Q. All right. That's fine. We can get to that later.

Q. But in general terms, there was

Q. Okay.

Q. Yeah. That Mallinckrodt's SOM -- the settlement agreement indicated that Mallinckrodt's SOM program did not comport with the DEA guidelines set forth in a couple letters sent by the DEA; is that correct?

Q. Okay. That's fine. Was this settlement ever discussed in any performance review that you had recently?

Q. Okay. Was there ever any discussion of you losing your job as a result of the settlement?

Q. You offered to quit. Why was that?

Q. Okay. And you offered to quit because it was your responsibility during the time of the covered conduct and the time period in the settlement to monitor and revise and design Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring system, correct?

Q. By the way, are you aware of any -- of whether or not the company maintained a personnel file for you?

Q. Okay.

Q. And I take it you had annual reviews?

Q. Okay. And did you receive copies of these annual reviews to the extent they were in writing?

Q. Okay. Do you recall collecting them, keeping them, storing them?

Q. Okay. Do you have any documentation that you keep from the company regarding your personnel file in any fashion?

Q. Okay. Everything, you believe, is held by the company with respect to your employment history and your personnel file; is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. Earlier this morning we were talking about your understanding of Mallinckrodt's SOM program when you joined that -- the CSC group, correct?

Q. And by CSC, I'm referring to the controlled substance compliance group. Is that fair to say?

Q. Or fair to use for purposes of this deposition today?

Q. Okay. And regarding Mallinckrodt's SOM program, you mentioned the role of national account managers. Do you recall that?

Q. And also that customer service representatives were involved?

Q. And Ⅰ believe you testified that they were necessary because they were your eyes and ears on the ground 一一 or eyes and ears to your customers and the customers' customers and also the boots on the ground. Is that an accurate 一一

Q. statement?

Q. Got it. So it's accurate 七o say that you had NAMs, the national account managers, and the CSRs, the customer service representatives, involved because they were your eyes and ears to your customers, correct?

Q. Okay. And you -- is it fair to say that you then relied on these NAMs and CSRs to identify and assist with the detection of suspicious orders?

Q. And you said earlier that you had a team, and they were part of it, so they were -- they were part of the team in which -- they were part of the SOM team, correct?

Q. Got it. And when did that occur, that they were... Well, when you said they were part of the SOM team at that time, what time period are you talking about?

Q. Got it. Thank you for the clarification. So at some point in time when you were part of the CSC team, the involvement of the NAMs and the customer service reps in the day-to-day monitoring of the customers was removed off their plate; is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. So when they were part of the team, the NAMs and the CSRs assisted in rooting out potential diversion of Mallinckrodt controlled substances; is that accurate?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. That's helpful. And with regard to the SOM program, the NAMs -- so then it's fair to say that the NAMs' and the CSRs' job was to alert you to -- alert you to potential diversion; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. So if a -- if an individual who was a national account manager or customer service representative testified that she or he was not involved in identifying suspicious orders, that would not be accurate, correct?

Q. Okay. Now, throughout the time you were involved with the CSC and in connection with your duties to revise the SOM program, did you ever consult any third parties or consultants to assist you in implementing and maintaining an SOM program?

Q. Okay. And which third parties or vendors would those be?

Q. Okay. Including Frank Sapienza?

Q. Other than the drug and chemical group, anyone else?

Q. Who or which entities?

Q. Okay. Other than the drug and chemical group and Mr. Davis, did you retain any other entities to assist in the implementation of Mallinckrodt's SOM program?

Q. During the time period in which you were senior manager of the controlled substance compliance group.

Q. Okay. And who would -- who would that individual be or which entities would that be?

Q. I see. So outside counsel, do you mean Ropes & Gray?

Q. Okay. And which third-party consultant or vendor are you referring to?

Q. And my understanding of IMS is -- and IQVIA is that it's a database that tracks detailed patient-level information. So I just want to make sure I understand what you're referring to in terms of their retention. Is it your testimony that you believe that they actually testified as consultants for the company, or did you simply acquire data from them?

Q. Okay. Other than the Buzzeo group, the drug and chemical group and Mr. Howard Davis, do you recall any other entities or individuals that Mallinckrodt retained for purposes of implementing its SOM program at the time you were senior manager?

Q. Okay. Who else?

Q. And if memory serves me correct, Ms. -- or Jennifer was retained sometime after 2012. Is that consistent with your understanding?

Q. Okay. In other words, she wasn't retained -- or she wasn't part of the SOM team in the 2008 to 2012 time period, was she?

Q. Okay. Why don't we turn to a new exhibit. This will be marked as Harper Exhibit 2. And for the record, Harper Exhibit 2 is MNK-T1 0000275504. And, Ms. Harper, I just want to direct you to some pages on this document. And we can get to -- well, let's take a step back. This appears to be an e-mail dated February 23, 2009, from you to Eileen Spaulding and Mary Lewis; is that correct?

Q. And it's attaching a presentation you're making regarding the controlled substance compliance group?

Q. Okay. And I have seen a lot of these presentations, and I believe that you have given some of these presentations, so I'm assuming they look familiar to you, but does this presentation that you see attached to this e-mail -- do you recall this particular presentation?

Q. Sure. Do you recall giving presentations to other people or groups at Mallinckrodt regarding the controlled substance compliance roles and responsibilities during the 2008 to 2017 time period?

Q. Okay. And this was one of those presentations?

Q. Turning to page 2, which you're on --

Q. -- of the deck, you see that the controlled substance compliance group was established in August 2008. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And that the name was changed from DEA compliance to the CSC, correct?

Q. Okay. And just to help you along, the portion I was referencing just a moment ago was right there. And so the CSC group of which you were senior manager was established in August 2008, according to this presentation, correct?

Q. And is that consistent with your recollection?

Q. Sure. No need to apologize. This isn't necessarily a memory test.

Q. But I'm just curious -- well, I want you to confirm that at least as reflected on this deck, the CSC group was established in August of 2008, correct?

Q. And you were senior manager of that group at this time, correct?

Q. You were manager. Okay. And when -- and so at some point you became senior manager?

Q. Okay. And as we discussed earlier, you don't recall exactly when?

Q. Okay. Now, based on this document, is it accurate to say that prior to August 2008 there was no such group at Mallinckrodt called the controlled substance compliance group? Is that correct?

Q. Okay. I want to turn to page 11 of this document, of the deck in particular. And there is a reference made to the controlled substance compliance team. Do you see that?

Q. And it indicates here that you are the manager, as we just discussed, of controlled substance compliance, correct?

Q. And this comprises the entire controlled substance compliance team?

Q. And it looks like you reported to Ms. JoAnne Levy?

Q. Levy, thank you. And what was her role?

Q. And did she have any day-to-day involvement with the controlled substance compliance team?

Q. Okay. And what did that day-to-day involvement consist of?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Now, with respect to the revisions and implementation of Mallinckrodt's SOM program in particular, is it fair to say that you were the team leader of that particular group?

Q. It's not. You don't believe you were the team leader of -- during -- well, let me take that back. So from the time period of August 2008 to 2012, were you the team leader of Mallinckrodt's SOM program?

Q. Okay.

Q. And when you say "defer to the most senior official," are you referring to Ms. Levy?

Q. Okay. There has been -- again, this isn't a memory test.

Q. So if your recollection is different, I totally understand. But I have seen reference to documents that suggest that you were the team leader of the SOM program. Do you -- you dispute that?

Q. Okay. You don't dispute that.

Q. All right. But as we discussed before, it's highly unlikely that anyone else at Mallinckrodt knew more about Mallinckrodt's SOM program other than you, correct?

Q. Okay. And in addition to you having involvement in the SOM program at Mallinckrodt, Ms. Spaulding also played a key role; would you agree with that?

Q. And she's based out of the Hobart office?

Q. And by the way, you were based here in St. Louis, correct?

Q. And were you based not in the Hazelwood office but a different office?

Q. Okay. During the 2008 to 2012 time period, where were you located?

Q. And where was Ms. Levy?

Q. Okay. I want to turn to page 15 of this deck, and here it appears that you are describing some recent developments in the controlled substance compliance group; is that accurate?

Q. Contributions. And one contribution appears to be the implementation of an SOM program?

Q. Okay. And an enhancement activity, in other words, an attempt to revise it and improve the program; is that accurate?

Q. And when -- here it says, "CSOS receipt guidance for customers." What does CSOS refer to?

Q. Okay. And the 222 form is a form required by the DEA that every registrant fills out when ordering prescription -- or controlled substances; is that accurate?

Q. Schedule II in particular?

Q. Thank you. And here, the next reference is to what -- the next item down refers to something we had just previously discussed about Federal Register Notices. Do you see that?

Q. And so you are informing whoever's at this presentation that one contribution of the CSC group is to watch Federal Register Notices that come out that are relevant for Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. And the Federal Register Notices, what was your understanding of generally what those consisted of? Actually, take that back. Is it -- a Federal Register Notice -- with respect to the Federal Register Notices that you paid particularly close attention to, those were notices that interpreted certain DEA statutes; is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. And the statements, did they also include or did you also review and read statements regarding Federal Register Notices of suspicious order monitoring activities?

Q. It was a poor question. Let me ask it again. When reviewing the Federal Register Notices, did you also see and review notices that related to SOM activities of other registrants?

Q. And my presumption is that you paid particularly close attention to some of those notices?

Q. Would that be the Southwood

Q. notice? Okay. Do you recall when you reviewed that one?

Q. Okay. And you recall this was generally in the 2007 or early 2008 time period?

Q. Okay. With respect to participate in RiskMAP program, an FDA initiative, can you describe to the Court what the RiskMAP program was?

Q. Okay. And when you say "forward," do you mean after they left the warehouses of the manufacturer facility?

Q. Okay. So would it be fair to say that another way of saying -- well, strike that. Now, there's also a reference made to working with the DEA on methadone. Do you see that?

Q. And Mallinckrodt manufactures a large amount of generic methadone as well, correct?

Q. Okay. And despite not knowing whether or not you are the largest, or large, you do understand that Mallinckrodt has for quite some time manufactured generic methadone, correct?

Q. Okay. And since at least the mid-'90s, if not prior to that?

Q. Sure.

Q. And thank you for that clarification. Mallinckrodt manufactured various different strengths of methadone, correct?

Q. I believe in 5, 10 and 40-milligram dosages, among other quantities?

Q. Okay. And at a certain point in time, the DEA alerted you and the CSC group of methadone abuse and diversion, correct?

Q. And when you say "mortality," you're saying that there were a large amount of -- or there were people that were overdosing on methadone at the time that you met with DEA, correct?

Q. Okay. And that's based on your understanding what the DEA was telling you, correct? Or do you actually have personal knowledge?

Q. So it was based on what the DEA was telling you?

Q. And do you recall when -- approximately when that meeting in Washington, DC, was?

Q. Was it before 2008?

Q. Fair enough. And going back to the RiskMAP and trying to understand, as you described, the path of a drug that a manufacturer produced, forward, as you said, do you recall at a certain point in time creating a RiskMAP for oxycodone 30?

Q. Okay. You don't recall any involvement in a RiskMAP for oxy 30s or 15s?

Q. Sure. Okay. You didn't have any specific responsibility with respect to that RiskMAP report that you may have done for the FDA, correct?

Q. Okay. I understand. And did you have any -- a specific involvement with that?

Q. Okay. If you turn to page 18 of this deck, and there's a reference made to the cost of noncompliance. Do you see that?

Q. And by the way, do you have any reason to doubt that this was a presentation you made, or do you think that someone else made this presentation?

Q. You did make this presentation?

Q. Okay. So here you're describing the cost of noncompliance, and in particular the cost of noncompliance with the CSA; is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. And you are talking about, I think, other fines paid by other pharmacies and other entities and registrants of the CSA, correct?

Q. Right. Now, in addition to an actual cost, a business and corporate cost, would you agree with me that the cost of noncompliance is actually overdose deaths?

Q. In other words, there's a human cost of noncompliance, is there not?

Q. And that human cost is manifested in either mortality or morbidity in the form of more people addicted to opioids. Would you agree with me on that?

Q. So in addition to the costs of noncompliance here that you list, a real and tangible cost of noncompliance is -- are the amount of lives affected by the abuse and diversion of prescription opioids, correct?

Q. Okay. And as we discussed before, many, if not all, of the complaints that have been filed against various entities involved in the supply chain of prescription opioids allege that state and local governments have had to incur the burden of responding to the overdose rates and morbidity rates that have been caused as a result of the opioid crisis?

Q. Okay. And that is -- in addition to the information that has been reported, is that consistent with your understanding? Do you believe that to be the case?

Q. Okay. By the way, do you know -- do you personally know anyone impacted by the opioid crisis?

Q. You're lucky.

Q. I want to turn to the next exhibit, which will be marked as Harper Exhibit 3. For the record, this is ending in Bates stamp 283074. And it is an e-mail dated April 12, 2011, from you to Michael Santowski. Who is Michael Santowski?

Q. Okay. And he was -- was he part of the controlled substance compliance team?

Q. I see. And now it appears that you've become the senior manager of the controlled substance compliance group. Do you see that?

Q. So at least as of April 12, 2011, you were the senior manager of the CSC?

Q. Okay. And this is another presentation you made regarding the SOM program at Mallinckrodt. Do you see that?

Q. I see. That's very helpful. So you didn't actual present this deck to the executive committee?

Q. Okay. That's helpful. But you created the deck for Mr. Santowski, if I understand correctly?

Q. Okay. I want to turn to page 4 of this deck. And here we have some of the regulations that interpret the CSA. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Great. Thank you for that clarification. So these are statements that actually appear in the regulations as codified by 21 CFR 1301.74, correct?

Q. Okay. And we have previously discussed Mallinckrodt's responsibilities with respect to suspicious orders, but I just want to make sure. You would agree that all the responsibilities and requirements set forth here are responsibilities that Mallinckrodt had, correct?

Q. Okay. And that includes a duty to design and operate a suspicious order identification system. Mallinckrodt had that duty, correct?

Q. And Mallinckrodt had a duty to require -- or Mallinckrodt had a duty to report suspicious orders to the DEA when discovered via a monitoring process, correct?

Q. And Mallinckrodt had a duty to -- had a duty to ensure that this responsibility to report suspicious orders did not end merely with filing a suspicious order report; is that correct?

Q. Okay. But regardless of where it came from, at least at the time of this presentation, you believe that Mallinckrodt had a duty to ensure that their suspicious order responsibilities did not end merely with the filing of a suspicious order report; is that correct?

Q. And Mallinckrodt also -- you also understand that Mallinckrodt was not going to get any specific guidance from the DEA at this time on whether or not their particular SOM program would be endorsed --

Q. -- is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And when did you understand DEA to tell you that first; do you have any recollection?

Q. Okay. And then finally, this last bullet indicates that -- or you would agree with me that Mallinckrodt had a duty to conduct an independent analysis of suspicious orders prior to completing a sale to determine whether or not the controlled substances are likely to be diverted.

Q. Is that accurate?

Q. Okay. Now, turning to the next page, here you put in this presentation the number of people -- the number of registrants there are in the supply chain -- or the number of registrants that are part of the CSA; is that correct?

Q. Right, as of that time.

Q. And there's a specific quote that you include in this presentation that says that "the DEA must rely on the states and individual registrants to monitor." Do you see that?

Q. And the "individual registrants" obviously refers to entities like Mallinckrodt?

Q. And so at least as of this time, the date of this deck, you understood that the DEA was not going to give you specific guidance but was going to rely on registrants like Mallinckrodt to monitor their controlled substances, correct?

Q. Okay. Now, I want to turn to page 7 of this particular report, and there's

Q. Yeah.

Q. Sure. Page 7 gives some color to what we were previously discussing about the problem in Florida, and here you describe that most, if not almost all, 98 percent, of all doctors dispensing oxycodone nationally are in Florida. Do you see that?

Q. So you were aware at the time of this presentation that there was a -- almost all of the -- or the top doctors dispensing oxycodone were in Florida, correct?

Q. Right. And you had knowledge -- or you understood there to be a big problem in Florida at this time --

Q. -- with respect to prescription opioids manufactured by Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Okay. And in fact, there was substantially more oxycodone manufactured by Mallinckrodt that was being dispensed in Florida than all the other remaining states combined according to this deck, correct?

Q. I understand that.

Q. Okay. But Mallinckrodt manufactured oxy 15s and 30s in large amounts, correct?

Q. Well, let's talk about that then. The next -- the previous page, actually, page 6, there's a description of oxycodone market share of Mallinckrodt relative to the rest of your competitors. Do you see that?

Q. So at least as of Q4 of 2010, it appears that Mallinckrodt has a 52 percent share of oxycodone in the nation; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And then that rose slightly in Q1 of 2011 -- fiscal year 2011 to 56 percent. Do you see that?

Q. All right. And so there -- and none of Mallinckrodt's competitors are anywhere close to Mallinckrodt's market share based on this table, correct?

Q. And in fact, as we just previously described and went over, the total percentage of Mallinckrodt's competitors is less than Mallinckrodt's own share of the market of oxycodone, correct?

Q. Okay. Now, based, I believe -- if you turn to page 14 of this deck now, going forward. And there's reference made to a conversation that Mallinckrodt had with the DEA on July 20, 2010. Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall that conversation?

Q. And you participated in it?

Q. Okay. And we'll get to that in

Q. -- but I just want to talk about some of the things that you've put in this presentation, including the fact that Mallinckrodt is viewed as the kingpin within the drug cartel. Do you see that reference?

Q. And that was something that the DEA had indicated to you?

Q. Okay. And my presumption is that they expressed that view because Mallinckrodt had the majority of the market share of oxycodone?

Q. Okay. So you -- regardless, you recall during this DEA meeting in July of 2010 that DEA had expressed the view that Mallinckrodt was viewed as the kingpin within the drug cartel?

Q. Okay. And we had discussed a little time ago that -- about Mallinckrodt's duties to know their customers' customers, and here you indicate that at least as of the date of this meeting, you understood that DEA expected Mallinckrodt to understand and know their customer's customer; is that correct?

Q. Okay. So as of July 20th -- no later than July 20, 2010, you understood that Mallinckrodt had an obligation as required by the DEA to know their customer's customer, correct?

Q. Okay. And we'll get to that maybe in a moment, but -- well, first of all, is there any indication of a contradiction on this deck?

Q. Okay. So when you say that you are referring to DEA -- the DEA expectation, then it is fair to say that based on your conversation with the DEA on July 20th, you understood that Mallinckrodt had an obligation to know your customer's customer; is that correct?

Q. Okay. So I just want to make sure the record is clear. Based on your conversations with DEA St. Louis, it was your understanding that the DEA St. Louis required Mallinckrodt, and in fact expected Mallinckrodt, to know their customer's customer as of July 20, 2010; is that correct?

Q. Okay. By the way, we talked about Mr. Ratliff a moment ago. When did you first start working with Mr. Ratliff?

Q. Okay. It was before the 2008 time period?

Q. Sure. Do you know who Pete Kleissle is?

Q. He was at DEA, correct?

Q. Do you recall any conversations with Pete Kleissle regarding your obligations to know your customer's customer?

Q. Okay. So Pete Kleissle specifically told you and other people that were at this meeting that you had an obligation to know your customer's customer or --

Q. Only you. Okay. And who did you share that information with?

Q. Okay. And so the person you reported to at the time was Ms. Levy or was it Mr. Santowski? You don't recall?

Q. Tom Berry. Okay. So other than Mr. Berry and Mr. Ratliff, did you talk about this conversation you had with Mr. Kleissle with anyone else?

Q. Okay. I want to turn back to the table of contents of this deck, which appears on page 2. And again, I understand that you didn't actually make this presentation, but you prepared all the materials in this presentation, correct?

Q. Including some of the things that we went over and also this reference to an OxyContin Express video?

Q. And do you recall ever presenting -- I know you didn't make this presentation, but did you recall presenting about the OxyContin Express in other settings at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And that video, again, consisted of your understanding of migration of opioid pills moving north from Florida, correct?

Q. And unfortunately we don't have the video to play, but I believe --

Q. Oh, okay. Well, I believe there's some stills, at least, in this presentation. Turning to page 16.

Q. Do you recall that particular image?

Q. This was an image that was included in your video?

Q. This is just an image?

Q. Okay. This was an image of, I think, a pill mill in Florida?

Q. And the pill mill was, I think -- I think this particular picture was of Tru-Valu, I believe. Does that name ring a bell?

Q. Okay. By the way, what's your definition of a pill mill?

Q. And then, therefore, as a result of the wide -- or overprescription of oxycodone, those particular prescription opioids were being widely abused and diverted; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And you understood during the 2008 through 2012 time period that there were a large amount of pill mills in Florida, correct?

Q. Relative to any other states that you were looking at during your time as senior manager of controlled substance compliance, do you recall any other state in which you've examined pill mill activities other than Florida?

Q. Okay. Okay. We can set this aside. Right now turn to what will be marked as Harper Exhibit 4. For the record, that'll end in Bates stamp 496098. Actually, we'll skip that one. Let's go to -- I'll take that one. Still Exhibit 4. Strike that. Exhibit 4 is actually ending in Bates stamp 1308810. That is Harper Exhibit 4. You keep that one. That's the official copy with the --

Q. No need to apologize. For the record, this is a March 3, 2008 e-mail from you to Bill Ratliff. Do you see that?

Q. Do you have any reason to doubt that you sent this e-mail to Mr. Ratliff on March 3, 2008?

Q. Okay. So I know you said a moment ago you don't recall when you started working with Mr. Ratliff, but at least as of March of 2008, you seemed to be working with him in connection with DEA compliance, correct?

Q. And it appears that you're preparing some DEA compliance monthly highlights as of February 2008. Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall how frequently you prepared these monthly highlights?

Q. And do you recall when you first started preparing these?

Q. And here the distribution is to Mr. Ratliff. Do you recall ever sending these DEA compliance monthly highlights to anyone else?

Q. I see. So you sent -- during the time period in which you created a DEA compliance monthly highlight, you sent those to your direct report each month, correct?

Q. Okay.

Q. And as a general matter, these monthly highlights were sent only to your direct report; is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. Thank you. And I just want to go over one quick thing on this particular e-mail. Do you see three sections down the portion of the e-mail that refers to suspicious order monitoring?

Q. You indicate to Mr. Ratliff that "the need for a comprehensive review and upgrade of our suspicious order monitoring program has received elevated priority." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So is it fair to say that as of March of 2008, your belief was that Mallinckrodt's SOM program needed to be reviewed and upgraded and that -- needed to be reviewed and upgraded?

Q. Okay. And you also state that "as of March 3, 2008, the need to review and upgrade Mallinckrodt's SOM program is an elevated priority"; is that correct?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. Do you recall -- you can refer back to that document if you like, but do you recall why you felt at that particular time that Mallinckrodt's SOM program needed to be -- needed to receive elevated priority?

Q. Yeah. And what were the reasons for that?

Q. Okay. And during this time period -- we had talked a moment ago about certain DEA guidance letters that you had received in 2006 through 2007 time period, correct?

Q. And those letters were sent by Joseph Rannazzisi, correct?

Q. And is it okay for purposes of this deposition to refer to those guidance letters as the Rannazzisi letters?

Q. Okay. So was one of the reasons why you were putting more attention to Mallinckrodt's SOM program a result of receiving these -- of receiving the Rannazzisi letters?

Q. Sure. And I understand the specific example you're giving, and I appreciate that. You have great recall about that. But in terms of revising and enhancing your SOM program, would it be accurate to say that in early 2008, one of the reasons why you wanted to do so was a result of receiving the Rannazzisi letters?

Q. Okay. I want to hand you -- you can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY

Q. I want to hand you what's been marked as Harper Exhibit 5, and that ends in Bates stamp 273902. And this is an e-mail, for the record, that you sent to several people dated April 10, 2008. Do you have any reason to doubt that you sent this e-mail on this day and time?

Q. Okay. And here you talk about reference to the Drug and Chemical Advisory Group. That's the group that we were discussing before that Frank Sapienza was part of, correct?

Q. And so at least as of this time you are consulting with them -- well, is it fair to say that as of April 10, 2008, you are consulting with the Drug and Chemical Advisory Group in connection with your duties to design and implement a suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Okay. And on the additional items for consideration section, you talk about the Southwood Federal Register Notice. Do you see that?

Q. And when you describe the Southwood Federal Register Notice, you take some important elements of that notice and relay them to the people you are e-mailing here. Do you see that?

Q. And so when you -- you are saying that you should incorporate certain questions taken from Southwood into a checklist, correct?

Q. And this checklist is reference to a customer checklist that Mallinckrodt utilized in connection with this SOM program, correct?

Q. Okay. So, and when you say "implemented at the time" -- thank you for that -- as of April 10, 2008, there wasn't necessarily a checklist that was final, correct?

Q. Sure.

Q. Okay. So a moment ago when you said that there was always a customer account setup, as far as you understood, in connection with SOM procedure, prior to this date was there ever a customer checklist that was part of that customer account setup?

Q. Great. So accurate to say that as of April of 2008, you are developing the first customer checklist to be filled out in connection with Mallinckrodt's SOM program? Correct?

Q. Okay. And some of the questions that you want included in the checklist, at least your suggestion, if I understand correctly, is to try and determine the overall percentage of controlled substance filled by the pharmacy. Do you see that?

Q. And so that was an important feature of the checklist to you at this time.

Q. Correct?

Q. Okay. And you're asking the question, "should we incorporate," because you have received a Federal Register Notice that suggests that you should consider asking those questions, correct?

Q. Okay. And one question that you believe you should ask in light of reviewing Southwood is to determine the overall percentage of controlled substances filled by a particular pharmacy, correct?

Q. Right. But the idea is to understand, notwithstanding the fact that you don't ship directly to pharmacies, the idea is to understand what overall percentage of a controlled substance is being filled by a downstream pharmacy, that is, a customer of one of your distributors, correct?

Q. Okay. And another important question that you glean from your review of Southwood is to input into the checklist identification of the percentage of prescriptions filled by the -- filled by the pharmacy that originate from the Internet. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And that -- you felt that that was an important element to be included in the checklist at the time, correct?

Q. Right. And thank you for that. So these are questions that you believe should be incorporated into the new customer checklist that you were working on in April of 2008, correct?

Q. But you believe that they were good suggestions pursuant to your review of Southwood, correct?

Q. Fair enough. Was the purpose of posing these questions an attempt to understand more, as you said, about Mallinckrodt's business? Correct?

Q. And in particular, the questions you posed here you were considering to include in your checklist because they provide details of the downstream customer that purchases drugs from distributors that you ship and sell to directly, correct?

Q. So is it fair to say that you are trying to understand details of where Mallinckrodt drugs end up in terms of which pharmacy or clinic they go to?

Q. Yeah, sure.

Q. That's okay. I appreciate the response. I just have a simple yes or no question.

Q. Is it accurate to say, yes or no, that one of the reasons why you are suggesting the consideration of these questions as you learned from Southwood was to understand more about the downstream customer of a distributor that you ship drugs to?

Q. Okay. Thank you. There's also a reference made, next item down -- next paragraph, excuse me, starting with "Kim France." Do you see there's a reference made to IntegriChain? To help orient you, I've highlighted it on the screen for you.

Q. Yeah.

Q. Okay. And you participated in the potential retention of IntegriChain, did you not?

Q. Okay. And so did Kimberly France, as I understand it?

Q. And who is Ms. France?

Q. Okay. And both she and you were involved in the potential retention of IntegriChain during this 2008 time period, correct?

Q. Okay. And this e-mail specifically states from you that "one of the goals of the Mallinckrodt IntegriChain project being considered as part of RiskMAP is to combine prescription data from Verispan and IMS, added Mallinckrodt sales data and, coupled with ARCOS data from DEA, to provide

Q. Okay. And so was one of the purposes of trying to retain IntegriChain to understand where Mallinckrodt prescription opioids were ending up once they had left Mallinckrodt facilities in Hobart and St. Louis?

Q. Okay. And so you were trying to understand and trying to detect diversion throughout the supply chain with the help of IntegriChain; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And can you generally describe to the Court your involvement with this project?

Q. And why did you decide not to retain them?

Q. Uh-huh. And why did you feel like they did not add value?

Q. Do you recall how long you evaluated whether or not you were going to retain IntegriChain?

Q. Okay. I have seen reference to documents in which you have -- you have asked approval from Bill Ratliff to be part of the IntegriChain project. Do you have any reason to dispute that?

Q. Okay. So do you recall actually asking for approval from Mr. Ratliff to participate in the potential retention of IntegriChain?

Q. Okay. And that was obviously prior to this date, but do you recall whether or not that was in the 2007 time period?

Q. Okay. I want to go forward to the second attachment, titled "IntegriChain Pilot Program and Overview." And I don't -- we don't need to go through this in detail, but do you recall who actually drafted this language?

Q. Okay. Was it someone at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. But as far as you know, you didn't draft this particular language, correct?

Q. Okay. Despite not knowing who may have drafted it, as you said, you were considering retention of IntegriChain because they were going to hopefully help detect diversion throughout the supply chain. So separate and apart from what I'm highlighting, sorry.

Q. Yeah, no, that's okay. Let me repeat.

Q. You were considering the retention of IntegriChain because they were going to help detect diversion throughout the supply chain, correct?

Q. That was the intent?

Q. And one of the ways that they would do that was through capturing -- at least representing to you that they would capture detailed data, correct?

Q. And so -- and in particular, in the second sentence of this background material, it indicates that "detailed data through surveillance and pharmacovigilance is an important resource for the company." Do you see that?

Q. Would you agree with that statement?

Q. You don't believe detailed data is an important resource for the company?

Q. Of course.

Q. Sure. Fair enough.

Q. Fair enough. And we can put the document aside because I don't mean to put you through a memory test of the actual document.

Q. I would just ask you separately whether or not you believe detailed data is an important resource for the company to utilize in trying to detect diversion.

Q. Okay. And a moment ago when you were talking about what your understanding of pharmacovigilance is, you described it as being a report of adverse events, correct?

Q. Why would -- why would not considering an adverse event be a fruitful thing to do in connection with trying to detect suspicious orders?

Q. Okay. And was that -- did -- during your time at Mallinckrodt, did you ever receive -- or were you aware of any adverse event reports related to diversion?

Q. Okay. And did you -- during your time at Mallinckrodt, did you ever receive or were you aware of any adverse event reports related to the abuse of prescription opioids manufactured by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And notwithstanding the fact that some of these adverse event reports included instances of diversion and abuse, you don't believe that it was necessary to include these -- or consider these reports in connection with Mallinckrodt's duties to implement and design a suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Sure. And I understand -- maybe it'll help to put the document aside.

Q. I really don't have any more questions on it. I was just asking with respect to your statement about pharmacovigilance and adverse --

Q. -- event reports in particular. You had suggested that it was not necessary to review adverse event reports in connection with Mallinckrodt's duties to design and implement an SOM program. Is that what you testified to?

Q. Okay. And my question is, why would you not consider such adverse event reports relating to the abuse and diversion of Mallinckrodt prescription opioids that were contained in such adverse event reports as you testified?

Q. Okay. And with respect to that example in particular about the fentanyl episode, that was related to an overdose?

Q. Okay.

Q. Isn't that an example of diversion leading to an opioid overdose?

Q. Okay. And diversion at the patient level is something that would be important for you to understand that is occurring in connection with your duties as someone responsible for designing and implementing a system to detect suspicious orders, is it not?

Q. I know that you may think that you cannot prevent diversion, but my question is simply whether or not it would be important to know whether Mallinckrodt drugs were being diverted in instances like you just described.

Q. And in particular, it would be important to know -- if there were thousands of overdoses that resulted from diversion of Mallinckrodt drugs, that would be important to know in connection with your duties as

Q. Sure. If there were thousands of overdoses that resulted from the diversion of Mallinckrodt drugs, that would be important to know in connection with your duties as someone responsible for implementing an SOM program, correct?

Q. And overdose deaths that result from someone taking a pill from a patient is

Q. Welcome back from the break, Ms. Harper.

Q. Going back to the -- do you have Exhibit 6 in front of you?

Q. Oh, Exhibit 2. Okay. You can set that aside. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's previously been marked as Exhibit 21 of the Stewart deposition.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And it's dated May 14, 2008, correct?

Q. And by the way, who is -- or you know Cathy Stewart, right?

Q. You worked with her in connection with SOM procedure --

Q. -- and activities?

Q. Okay. And do you respect her opinions?

Q. Okay. And did you work with her closely throughout the 2008 and 2012 time period?

Q. Did you work with her closely in connection with SOM-related activities at Mallinckrodt in the 2007, 2008 time period?

Q. And you attended a -- you attended a conference with her --

Q. -- in 2008, correct?

Q. And this was, I believe, in October of 2008, and it was the Buzzeo conference?

Q. And I know that postdates the date of this letter, but do you recall anyone else attending that conference other than you and Cathy from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. So as far as you recall, you were the only -- you and Cathy were the only two that attended the Buzzeo conference in 2008?

Q. And what was her position during the 2008 time period?

Q. Okay. So she was a customer service rep -- or sorry, excuse me. She was involved in the customer service group, correct?

Q. Right. And so she, at least of this time, was having some involvement in the revising of Mallinckrodt's SOM program; is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. And also it appears that at this time the customer service group is having some involvement in the implementation of the revised SOM program. Separate and apart from what the e-mail says, is it your recollection that the customer service group had some involvement in the revising of Mallinckrodt's SOM program in 2008?

Q. Okay. Ms. Stewart says that -- in particular that she is advising everyone on this e-mail that she is working with you and Mr. Harper to develop procedures to ensure that Mallinckrodt maintains compliance with DEA requirements to identify suspicious orders; is that correct?

Q. Right.

Q. So Ms. Stewart is at this time, as of May 14, 2008, working with you and Mr. Ratliff to specifically ensure that Mallinckrodt maintains compliance with DEA requirements related to identification of suspicious orders, correct?

Q. Okay. And then she also mentioned -- mentions that "in light of the recent developments with McKesson, a good deal of focus is being placed on this project." Do you see that?

Q. And is she referring to a DEA investigation that ultimately resulted in a DEA action against McKesson in the early 2008 time period?

Q. Okay. And McKesson, as we mentioned before, is a -- is one of the -- or one of the major distributors that faced DEA scrutiny regarding their distribution of prescription opioids, correct?

Q. Okay. Now, she goes on to describe generally when an order is deemed peculiar by a customer service rep. Do you see that?

Q. And she says that "an order is deemed peculiar by a customer service rep based on a set of guidelines currently being developed." Do you see that reference? First sentence of the second paragraph.

Q. So fair to say as of May 14, 2008, Mallinckrodt is developing certain guidelines to determine whether or not an order is peculiar?

Q. Okay. Is it -- is that -- is your testimony that it's not correct because you always had a system to determine whether or not an order was peculiar?

Q. Okay. So is it fair to say that as of May 14, 2008, you are revising the set of guidelines to determine whether or not it's peculiar?

Q. Okay. And what is the difference from your perspective between a peculiar order and a suspicious order?

Q. Okay. So a peculiar order, if I understand your testimony correctly, is not necessarily synonymous with a suspicious order; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And if I understand both this e-mail and some other documents I've reviewed, my understanding is that once an order is identified as peculiar, certain people make the determination of whether or not the order is ultimately suspicious sufficient to notify the DEA; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And so for purposes of this e-mail from Ms. Stewart to you, among others, she is discussing a revision of what determines a peculiar order, correct?

Q. Okay.

Q. And is it accurate to say that

Q. Okay. Because as you testified previously, they were your eyes and ears to the customer, correct?

Q. So would you agree -- because I realize that you are trying to make a distinction between the NAMs and the CSRs. But would it be fair to say that the CSRs had deep knowledge about the customers?

Q. Of Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And when you said earlier that the NAMs were your eyes and ears, would you also say that the customer service reps to some extent were the eyes and ears for the Mallinckrodt business as well?

Q. Okay. Let me make sure I understand it They didn't see the customers, but they talked to them?

Q. Okay. So they didn't actually visit them like the NAMs did, but they would speak to them via telephone only?

Q. But the CSRs had, through these conversations, presumably had knowledge about the customers, correct?

Q. Turning back to this distinction between peculiar and suspicious, do you ever recall an instance in which an order was identified as suspicious but not peculiar?

Q. Okay. Do you ever recall an instance in which an order was identified as unusual but not peculiar?

Q. Okay. Is it accurate to describe at least the -- well, strike that. Prior to the revision of the SOM program in 2008 that's reflected in these e-mails that we're going over, is it accurate to say that an order was first -- an evaluation was made first about whether or not an order was peculiar, separate and apart from an analysis of whether or not an order was suspicious?

Q. So in addition to it being a term that you used, is it accurate to say that at Mallinckrodt, before making a determination with respect to whether an order was suspicious, the existing SOM program at the time determined first whether an order was peculiar?

Q. And then once an order was deemed to be peculiar, you subsequently made

Q. Okay. And you had mentioned a moment ago that there were other circumstances besides the algorithm that would potentially make an order peculiar. Do you recall that?

Q. Okay. Well, I would not like to use those words interchangeably --

Q. -- and I'm trying to understand the distinctions between them.

Q. So with respect to identification of a peculiar order, you had previously testified that if an order met a certain threshold by an algorithm determined by Mallinckrodt, it would be deemed peculiar.

Q. Correct?

Q. And in addition to the algorithm triggering a peculiar order, you had also testified that there were other circumstances that may indicate an order was peculiar as identified by a customer service rep, correct?

Q. Okay. And who other than the CSRs had a responsibility or an obligation to determine whether or not this order was peculiar?

Q. Okay. So I'm setting aside the algorithm detection.

Q. So for purposes of identifying an order as peculiar, do you recall any instances in the 2007 through 2010 time period in which orders were identified as peculiar by either a CSR or an NAM, separate and apart from whether or not an algorithm triggered the order to be peculiar?

Q. Okay. And other than the CSRs and the NAMs, did anyone else have responsibility with respect to determining whether or not that order was peculiar? Separate and apart from the algorithm.

Q. Sure.

Q. Okay. So other than an external source or from some evaluation made by a CSR or an NAM, apart from the algorithm that triggered a peculiar order, were there any other circumstances in which a peculiar order was identified at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Is it your understanding that Mallinckrodt could not ship a peculiar order without first conducting some sort of due diligence on that order?

Q. Okay. So isn't that an unusual circumstance?

Q. In other words, if you're not performing any -- earlier we made a distinction between peculiar and suspicious orders, correct?

Q. And the latter is something that you ultimately have to report to the DEA, correct?

Q. And we had also discussed about how evaluation of a peculiar order is necessary to determine whether or not that is, in fact, suspicious, correct?

Q. So it's your testimony sitting here today that you did not always perform due diligence on peculiar orders before shipping them, correct?

Q. Okay. Shipping of a peculiar order without doing due diligence would seem contradictory to what Ms. Stewart is trying to describe here, right?

Q. Okay. And to be clear, so the record is clear, she is suggesting that if an order is deemed peculiar, it should be placed on hold and the DEA compliance group will be advised. Do you see that?

Q. And in particular, Mr. Ratliff and you are the DEA compliance group as referenced by Ms. Stewart, correct?

Q. And she also states that "DEA compliance will then conduct a more in-depth investigation and determine if the situation warrants notification to the DEA." Do you see that?

Q. And so your testimony, so the record is clear, is that that more in-depth investigation did not always occur, correct?

Q. Okay. Well, separate and apart from the terminology now --

Q. -- the process as described by Ms. Stewart and your testimony here today, after an order was deemed to be peculiar from

Q. Okay. Now, a moment ago you said that you believe you never shipped a suspicious order, correct?

Q. But that is just simply based on your understanding of whether or not that formal label was made by someone at Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Let me ask a different way. If you release an order without conducting an investigation or performing due diligence, that order could potentially be suspicious, could it not?

Q. Okay. And in particular, just to make sure the record is clear, if you release a peculiar order without conducting an investigation or performing due diligence, that peculiar order could potentially be suspicious, could it not?

Q. Okay. Okay. Now, if you turn to the second page of this e-mail -- it's unfortunately just a one-page document.

Q. And at the top, Ms. Stewart is indicating that "in addition to order quantities by product, we hope to also develop criteria for orders that deviate from normal ordering patterns and/or from unusual order frequency. Not yet sure how to capture this. Hope to identify an algorithm that will support a parsing through the data to identify patterns, frequency, et cetera." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So is it accurate to say that as the date of this e-mail, Mallinckrodt had not yet developed a criteria in its suspicious order monitoring system to identify orders that deviate from a normal ordering pattern?

Q. Okay. Is it correct to say that at the date of this e-mail, Mallinckrodt is working on revising the criteria for identifying orders that deviate from a normal ordering pattern?

Q. And also accurate to say that at this time Mallinckrodt is revising its criteria for determining whether or not a usual -- an order that deviates from usual order frequency; is that correct?

Q. And Ms. Stewart indicates that she's not sure how to capture this as of the date of this e-mail. Do you see that?

Q. And so is it fair to say that you -- would you agree with this statement, that at the time you weren't sure how to capture this criteria in revising your SOM policy?

Q. Okay. And the algorithm at the time of the -- at the time of this e-mail, what was your understanding what the algorithm was?

Q. And at the time, do you recall what the multiplier was?

Q. Do you recall if it was a 2X multiplier?

Q. Okay. In the next paragraph, Ms. Stewart indicates that "the sales force will play a key role in this process by verifying the customer's physical site and operations ring true with the type of business they purport to run." Do you see that?

Q. Do you agree that the sales force would play this key role in trying to identify the customer's physical site and operations?

Q. Okay. And to be clear, is the sales force discussed here and as you just testified to, are you talking about NAMs and CSRs or both? Or NAMs or CSRs or both?

Q. Okay. So the sales force described in this e-mail is just with respect to the national account managers, correct?

Q. Okay. And you can set that aside. Thank you. Now, is it fair to say that in the early 2008 time period you were working on revising and revamping Mallinckrodt's SOM program? Is that accurate?

Q. And you had hoped to roll out a formal SOM program at some -- as quickly as possible; is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. And the enhanced version, just so the record is clear, extra attention to the enhanced version was given in early 2008, correct?

Q. And it was your hope to roll out an enhanced version as quickly as possible; is that fair to say?

Q. And it's important to roll out an enhanced SOM program because failure to do so would result in further diversion and abuse of -- potentially of Mallinckrodt opioids, correct?

Q. Did you feel that backbone SOM program was sufficient in terms of complying with your duties under the CSA?

Q. Okay. Well, then why did you feel the need to enhance it?

Q. Okay. When you say you acted on everything "immediately," what does that mean? Did you act on advice from the DEA as soon as you heard it? Is that what your testimony is today?

Q. Okay. And what does "as soon as possible" mean to you?

Q. Okay. Was it your goal at the time that you were trying to enhance your SOM program in early 2008 to make revisions and roll out a formal enhanced policy as quickly as possible?

Q. Okay. And when would you say you actually rolled out a formal SOM policy that satisfied you, as someone who was in charge of overseeing the SOM program?

Q. Okay. And with respect to enhancing it in particular as we discussed in early 2008, when would you say that process was actually complete?

Q. Fair enough. I'm going to hand you a copy of what will be marked as Harper Exhibit 6. And for the record, this is -- ends in Bates stamp 387983. Ms. Harper, this appears to be

Q. And you were present at this meeting? You're listed as an attendee?

Q. And it appears that the purpose of this meeting in the first sentence underneath agenda, it states that "The purpose of the meeting" -- and these calls -- "was to share information between sites and to help each other gain a broader knowledge of the supply chain process." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And so there were frequent calls at the time to try and better understand and gain knowledge of the supply chain process?

Q. Okay. And I just actually want to turn to your portion of the presentation -- or the notes that capture your presentation, which is at the bottom of page 2. Do you see where it says, "Karen gave a brief update on Covidien's efforts"?

Q. And by the way, Covidien is -- was your -- was the actual -- was the former employer -- was your former employer?

Q. Thank you.

Q. You put it more artfully than me. Covidien, at the time of 2000 -- 2008, Mallinckrodt was essentially Covidien. And so for purposes of this deposition, when I refer to Covidien, it's synonymous with Mallinckrodt„! is that fair?

Q. Okay. And you give a general overview of the SOM program, and you say that your efforts are ongoing to, quote, "Improve our current suspicious order monitoring system in light of recent DEA actions with other registrants regarding this law." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Sure. I just highlighted it. It's at the top -- it's the first sentence underneath your portion of the presentation.

Q. Fair enough.

Q. Fair enough. Would you agree with me that one of the reasons why you were seeking to improve Mallinckrodt's SOM system was in light of recent DEA actions at the time?

Q. Okay. And the persons responsible on the bottom right-hand corner are listed as you and Eileen Spaulding. Do you see that?

Q. And so is it fair to say that based on this document, you and Eileen are the people responsible for implementing an improved SOM program at Mallinckrodt at this time?

Q. Okay. But you guys were -- is it fair to say that you were the team leaders of the SOM team, or do you disclaim that responsibility?

Q. Okay. So is it your testimony that you believe, as least as of the time that JoAnne Levy was your direct report, that she was the team leader of the SOM policy and program?

Q. Okay. And then at other times -- I believe the name you referenced before was Todd? I'm sorry, who --

Q. Who did you report to after JoAnne Levy?

Q. Tom Berry. Thank you.

Q. So Mr. Berry, would you agree that after -- once you began reporting to Mr. Berry, would you say that Mr. Berry was the team leader for the SOM team?

Q. Okay. At the time that you reported to Mr. Berry, would you say that you were the team leader of the SOM team?

Q. Separate and apart of whether or not there was an official designation, did you consider yourself, along with Eileen Spaulding, to the team leader of implementing an improved SOM program during the 2008 time period?

Q. Okay. You thank. And this document indicates a deadline. Do you see that?

Q. And the deadline, according to this document, is fourth quarter 2008 fiscal year?

Q. By the way, what was Mallinckrodt's fiscal year?

Q. September. Okay. So it was at least as of the date of this call and the notes that were drafted pursuant to this call that an improved SOM program would be complete no later than October of 2008?

Q. Is that accurate or is that --

Q. That's incorrect?

Q. Okay. So what is this deadline referring to?

Q. Okay. So it wasn't necessarily your goal to complete the SOM revisions by fourth quarter of 2008?

Q. Okay. Did you have a -- did you have a firm goal at any point in time other than trying to effectuate an improved SOM program as soon as possible?

Q. Okay. By the way, turning back to the first page, there are a list of attendees. Are all those people folks on the DEA/controlled substance compliance team?

Q. Okay. Which individuals were not on the DEA compliance team?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. So other than Joe and potentially Patti, everyone else was a member of the DEA compliance team?

Q. Welcome back from lunch, Ms. Harper.

Q. I appreciate your patience to stay. We've got a few more hours to go. I've handed you a copy of what's been marked as Harper Exhibit 7. And for the record, this document ends in Bates 274572. And this is a July 29, 2008, e-mail from you to Mr. Ratliff; is that correct?

Q. And this appears to be another monthly report as of July 2008 that you are sending on that we discussed previously today?

Q. In terms of we had discussed the fact that you had sent monthly reports to Mr. Ratliff. And I just wanted to ask a few questions on this document. It appears here on the third section down that you are working on a draft of the S0M policy, and you indicate that hopefully the final draft is close to publication. Do you see that?

Q. Is it accurate to say as of July 29, 2008, you're working on a final revised draft of the S0M policy?

Q. And then you're awaiting feedback from Ms. Stewart?

Q. And that you are hoping to train and implement the revised SOM program in August, later that summer, correct?

Q. Okay. So at this point it's still a work in progress, the revised SOM program, correct?

Q. And at the bottom of this e-mail, there's another reference to IntegriChain. I don't want to ask you any questions about that. We've talked about that. But you also discuss in this e-mail how, quote, "How review of Mallinckrodt chargebacks could be used to help our customers monitor their customers," end quote. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So fair -- well, as of the date of this e-mail, is it fair to say that you were considering how to utilize chargeback information to understand how to help customers monitor their customers?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. And was one reason to utilize chargeback information -- or strike that. What is your understanding of chargeback -- chargeback data, separate and apart from what's included in that?

Q. Yeah. What's your understanding of what chargeback data consists of.

Q. And when you say "all transactions are not subject to chargebacks," what you mean by that, if I understand you correctly, is that, you know, chargeback only occurs if a distributor or customer of Mallinckrodt makes such a request to Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement between the distributor and Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Okay. And separate and apart from whether or not all information, as you describe, is contained in the chargeback information -- or chargeback data, for lack of a better term, was there also a certain point in time where you expanded the examination of, quote/unquote, downstream data?

Q. Let me strike that. In addition to chargeback data as you described, were there any other sources of information that you asked to be pulled for purposes of understanding the obligation to monitor customers' customers?

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you a copy -- going back to your description of chargebacks, I'm going to hand you a copy of what will be marked as -- I hate to go out of order because I already premarked something, but this is going to be Harper Exhibit 9. And for the record, this is a copy of your deposition transcript that you sat for in connection with the Island Drug matter that we were discussing earlier today. Do you recall sitting for that deposition?

Q. And Island Drug was a pharmacy that actually one of your distributors shipped to, correct?

Q. Actually, I just want to -- is it for purposes of answering my question?

Q. You don't need to answer that. I just actually want to turn your attention to page 12. I'm sorry, page 11. And so in connection with this deposition testimony, do you see the question that's asked: "And what is a chargeback system, if you'll define that, please?" Do you mind reading your response to that question in the record?

Q. Okay. Thank you.

Q. Can you please continue?

Q. Okay. And as you sit here today, is that still an accurate description of how you understand the chargeback system?

Q. Okay. So for purposes of this deposition, is it true that provided there was a chargeback request, Mallinckrodt would know exactly which pharmacy the drugs were sold to?

Q. And provided that there was a chargeback request, Mallinckrodt would know what the DEA registration number of the downstream entity is, correct?

Q. And Mallinckrodt would also know exactly which pharmacy address its pills were being shipped to, correct?

Q. And Mallinckrodt would also understand the quantity of pills being shipped to that particular -- particular pharmacy or clinic, correct?

Q. And Mallinckrodt would know exactly which drugs they have sold to that particular pharmacy, correct?

Q. And I want to focus on your qualification when you say you -- this would only be the case if Mallinckrodt obtained a chargeback request. First of all, wasn't it the case that a chargeback request -- it was certainly uncommon if a chargeback request did not occur, correct?

Q. In most instances, Mallinckrodt and you expected a chargeback request to be made by a distributor, correct?

Q. And move -- and putting aside whether or not a chargeback was paid, does the chargeback data track all downstream customer sales?

Q. Yes.

Q. The sales made to the pharmacies by the distributors.

Q. Okay. So just so the record is clear, the chargeback data would include all downstream customer sales made by a distributor to a pharmacy or clinic, correct?

Q. Okay. And so you can set this one aside. QUESTIONS BY

Q. I'm now going to go back in time -- or back in order and hand you a copy of what's going to be marked -- or what has been marked as Harper Exhibit 4 -- or 8, excuse me. And this is a -- for the record, this document ends in Bates 419810, and this is a December 14, 2007, e-mail from you 七o Ms. Levy. Is that correct?

Q. And going down to the bottom of this page, you indicate that you are receiving you have received the attached memo as part of a training at a recent seminar. Do you see that?

Q. And the memo is what's contained in this attachment, and it's one of the DEA guidance letters that we referred 七o earlier today; is that correct?

Q. And would it also be fair to say that this is one of the Rannazzisi letters that we referred to? Correct?

Q. So as of December 5, 2007, or no later than December 5, 2007, you were in possession of one of the Rannazzisi letters dated December September 27, 2006, correct?

Q. Okay. And you indicate that it gives specific guidance on suspicious order monitoring. Do you see that?

Q. And so is it fair to say that you in fact believe it to be the case that this letter was instructive on your obligations to design and implement a suspicious order monitoring system?

Q. Okay.

Q. And you also ask or you don't you don't ask anything, but Jim Rausch responds to your e-mail. Do you see that?

Q. And he indicates that“ We," being Mallinckrodt, "send a suspicious order report to the DEA monthly." Correct?

Q. Did you ever review any of those reports prior to the time of this e-mail?

Q. Okay. Generally speaking, was it Mr. Rausch's responsibility to send these reports to the DEA monthly?

Q. Okay. And do you have an understanding of well, earlier we were talking about the distinction between peculiar and suspicious orders. Do you recall that?

Q. Ⅰs it your understanding that these monthly reports being sent by Mr. Rausch were a compilation of the peculiar orders that Mallinckrodt had identified?

Q. Okay. So in other words， it wasn't necessarily the case that they were -- that Mallinckrodt was sending any notification of suspicious orders to DEA, correct?

Q. It was just simply a monthly report that contained all the peculiar orders that Mallinckrodt had identified, right?

Q. Okay. And do you recall -- I know I've asked this question in another form or in a different way, but do you recall prior to December 5, 2007, whether or not Mallinckrodt had ever identified a suspicious order to the DEA?

Q. You do recall instances in which Mallinckrodt identified a suspicious order to the DEA?

Q. Okay. And when did that occur?

Q. Okay.

Q. Fair enough. So you do recall some instances in which suspicious orders were reported to Mallinckrodt prior to December 14, 2007?

Q. Yes.

Q. Okay. And approximately -- I know you've -- you don't know the exact amount, but you've given some examples. Do you know whether or not it was -- there were 10 instances or 50 instances? Do you know approximately how many suspicious orders Mallinckrodt reported to the DEA?

Q. Okay. So in the entire time that you were a part of the DEA compliance team, you recall ten orders being identified -- approximately ten orders being identified as suspicious to the DEA?

Q. Right.

Q. Right. And as we discussed, the report -- the monthly reports were just the peculiar orders that Mallinckrodt had identified, correct?

Q. And not necessarily any -- or not any suspicious orders, correct?

Q. Okay. By the way, there's reference made to someone by the name of Sean Welch. Do you see that?

Q. Who is he?

Q. Okay. Was he involved on the SOM team as well?

Q. So he didn't have any day-to-day responsibility with respect to the SOM program?

Q. Okay. And you also indicate, going back to the bottom e-mail from you to Jim and Sean, you say that you received the attached memo as part of a training at a recent seminar. Do you recall which seminar this was?

Q. Okay. So the 2007 Buzzeo conference, correct? We'll just -- assuming -- I mean, the e-mail is dated --

Q. -- December 5th.

Q. Right.

Q. And the Buzzeo conference was an annual occurrence, generally speaking, in the fall of each year, correct?

Q. Okay. So was it the case that -- well, did you ever receive this correspondence from Mr. Rannazzisi prior to the 2007 Buzzeo conference?

Q. Okay. In going back to the ten instances in which you recall in which a suspicious order was identified, certainly it's more than one, but I just want to make sure I understand. Did you say approximately ten, or do you think it was ten or less?

Q. Ten or less. And do you recall if it was five, or where in the spectrum between one and ten?

Q. Would it be fair to say, relative to all the peculiar orders that you had reported to you on a monthly basis to the DEA, that the identification of a suspicious order was extremely rare given that number?

Q. Well, in these peculiar -- these monthly peculiar order reports that Jim Rausch was sending to the DEA, did you have any understanding of how many orders were included in that report?

Q. Okay. There were quite a few, weren't there?

Q. Fair enough. Well, regardless of whether or not we can clarify that distinction, you do agree with me that the actual amount of suspicious orders that were reported to the DEA prior to 2007 was a very low percentage relative to all peculiar orders reported to the DEA, correct?

Q. Okay. We can set this one aside. QUESTIONS BY

Q. Want to now turn your attention to what's going to be marked as exhibit -- Harper Exhibit 10. And for the record, this document ends in Bates 7146630. And this appears to be -- if you look at the bottom e-mail on the first page, there's a reference made to an e-mail you send to several people on January 4, 2008? Do you see that?

Q. Any reason to dispute -- or any reason to dispute whether or not you sent this letter -- or e-mail?

Q. Okay. And on this particular e-mail, you are attaching another memo/DEA guidance letter; is that correct?

Q. And this is separate and apart from the prior Rannazzisi letter that we discussed. This appears to be another one, dated December 27, 2007, correct?

Q. And you received this -- you actually received this correspondence, correct?

Q. Directly from Mr. Rannazzisi?

Q. Okay. And turning back to the -- to your e-mail, you indicate that the guidance letter or the memo as referred to in this e-mail that you received on January 4, 2000-A -- 2008 targets manufacturers as well as distributors in terms of suspicious order monitoring obligations. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So is it fair to say that as of January 4, 2008, you understand that the DEA expected compliance with the standards set forth in this letter? Correct?

Q. Sure.

Q. And my question was whether or not you understood that as of January 4, 2008, you understood that the DEA expected compliance with the standards set forth in that letter.

Q. So you believed that the things set forth in this letter you did not necessarily have to comply with?

Q. Okay. You believe you did not have to comply with -- with the instructions as sent out by Mr. Rannazzisi on...

Q. I understand that and I -- I very clearly under the distinction that you're trying to make, and my question simply was whether or not you believed you were expected to comply with the instructions set forth in that letter.

Q. All right. You certainly did not want to follow -- or you certainly believed that Mallinckrodt could not follow the instructions set forth in that letter, correct?

Q. Sure. You certainly believed that Mallinckrodt could not follow the instructions set forth in that letter, correct?

Q. Right. You believed that Mallinckrodt should follow the instructions set forth in that letter, correct?

Q. Thank you.

Q. That was an inartful question by me． I apologize. Now, going back to the bottom of that first page, you also reference another well, you reference a Federal Register Notice. Do you see that?

Q. 72 FR 36487. And I believe that's a reference to the Southwood Federal Register Notice that we discussed earlier today, correct?

Q. Okay. So again, as of January 4, 2008, you understood that the DEA was instructing you to read, review and follow the guidelines set forth in that Federal Register Notice, correct?

Q. And I understand the distinction being made, but there were certain statements made in Southwood, correct, as we discussed earlier?

Q. And it was your understanding that there were certain principles to follow as a result of the statements set forth in Southwood, or did you believe that you did not have to follow those?

Q. So in other words, there were certain principles that you believe you had to follow as a result of the Southwood Federal Register Notice, correct?

Q. So the letters that you had received from Mr. Rannazzisi, as we described were the Rannazzisi letters, just so the record is clear, those are two letters that you became aware of sometime in the 2007, 2008 time period?

Q. And it's your testimony that you only received directly the e-mail -- or the letter reflected in Exhibit 10 directly, correct?

Q. Okay. And in connection with revising and improving Mallinckrodt's SOM program, is one of the reasons for improving the SOM program a result of reading these letters?

Q. Okay. Thank you. You can set that aside. Actually, sorry, there was one more question, but maybe you don't need to consult with that actual exhibit. Do you know who Kyle Wright is?

Q. He was at DEA, correct?

Q. And do you recall meeting with him at various DEA meetings or conferences?

Q. And did you meet with him prior to or after the receipt of that e-mail, or do you not recall?

Q. Do you recall meeting with him in the 2011 time period?

Q. Sure. And do you recall the substance of the conversation you had with Mr. Wright?

Q. And what was the substance of the conversation you had with him?

Q. Okay. And I believe we have some documentation about that, so we'll cover that later. But other than that particular conversation you had with him, do you recall any other meetings or conversations you had with Mr. Wright?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. QUESTIONS BY

Q. I'm going to hand you a copy of what has been marked as Harper Exhibit 11.

Q. And for the record, this exhibit ends in Bates 301994, and it appears to be an e-mail chain between you and Jim Rausch from April 21, 2008. Do you see that?

Q. And in this e-mail chain, I believe you're asking what the algorithm -- you're asking Mr. Rausch what the algorithm is to determine orders of excessive quantity, frequency or outside of the normal pattern; is that correct?

Q. And in particular -- I said "algorithm," but you specifically asked what the current equation is, correct?

Q. And he responds that "the metric is 2X the previous fiscal year and year-to-date average for a SKU and customer."

Q. Well, let me just make sure the record is clear. His response to your question is, quote, "Any order quantity that is double the previous fiscal year and YTD" -- in other words, year-to-date -- "average for a SKU and customer." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And so does this refresh your recollection that in the April 2008 time period, the algorithm that you were using for the peculiar order threshold was 2X the previous fiscal year?

Q. Okay. And at that time, it's also fair to say based on this e-mail that you didn't actually know until Jim responded what the formula actually was?

Q. Well, why did you ask him then?

Q. Right.

Q. Sure.

Q. I see what you're saying.

Q. And so my question was simply: At the time of this e-mail, you did not know the then current equation to determine a peculiar order, correct?

Q. And based on your e-mail, you had thought that perhaps it was just a 1.2 metric?

Q. All right. Okay. And just, again, to be clear, this -- this e-mail talks about an excessive quantity calculation. That's the title of the e-mail, right?

Q. And Mallinckrodt's then system to determine whether or not an order was of an excessive quantity, frequency or outside of normal pattern was to use the 2X metric that we've been describing today; is that correct?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. Now, the date of this e-mail is April 21, 2008, correct?

Q. And that's approximately three and a half months after you received notification from the DEA, and in particular the second Rannazzisi letter, correct?

Q. So is it fair to say that it took you three and a half months to ask Mr. Rausch what your then existing peculiar order algorithm metric was?

Q. Okay. Thank you for that. And I was just asking whether or not you agree with the fact that it took you three and a half months after receiving the second Rannazzisi letter directed at manufacturers to ask Mr. Rausch what the then existing peculiar order algorithm was.

Q. Okay. Thank you. You can set that one aside. And I think -- or excuse me, I will hand you a copy of what's previously been marked as Exhibit 1 to the Stewart deposition.

Q. Sorry to jump around, but going back to the previous line of questioning, do you recall why it took you three and a half months to ask for the existing algorithm?

Q. Okay. And when you say you were "writing the procedure," what are you talking about?

Q. Okay. And that's reflected in

Q. All right. Now, turning back to this document, this appears to be an e-mail chain between you -- well, excuse me. It's an e-mail chain involving Mr. Ratliff and Mr. Rausch in which you are also a recipient, dated April 1, 2008; is that correct?

Q. And earlier we had spoken about Pete Kleissle of the DEA, and you recall meeting him sometime in 2010, correct?

Q. And it appears here that Mr. Kleissle has had some interactions with Mr. Ratliff and Mr. Rausch as well, correct?

Q. Okay. And it was also your understanding that Mr. Rat -- or excuse me, Mr. Rausch was sending monthly reports to Mr. Kleissle at DEA --

Q. -- prior to this time, correct?

Q. And those were the peculiar order reports that we were discussing previously, correc七?

Q. Now, in response to receiving those monthly reports, Mr. Ratliff reports a conversation that he had with Mr. Kleissle about them; is that correct?

Q. In particular, Mr. Ratliff says, "Pete Kleissle, DEA diversion group supervisor, St. Louis， just called regarding several letters he has received from you detailing suspicious orders." Did Ⅰ read that correctly?

Q. He goes on to say, "He advised that he needs more information in that if it is suspicious, why are we filling the order. I explained that we use a calculation based upon an amount previously ordered. He stated, '工f you think it is suspicious, don't fill it.' I will go into more detail on Friday. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Now, we had discussed earlier today about instances in which Mallinckrodt was shipping a peculiar order before making any kind of due diligence determination. Do you recall that testimony?

Q. Okay. And this seems to reflect that practice; is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. Well, Mr. Kleissle is concerned about -- Mr. Kleissle is concerned, is he not, about the fact that Mallinckrodt is actually filling orders --

Q. -- that appear on the peculiar order report?

Q. Okay. Well --

Q. No, it's okay. We'll try to unpack that in a moment.

Q. But he does say, "If you think it is suspicious, don't fill it," correct?

Q. Okay. And he also is advising that he needs more information based on the peculiar order reports that Mr. Rausch -- Mr. Rausch is sending to him; is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. So as of the date of this e-mail, is it fair to say that Mallinckrodt knew from the DEA that they needed more information on the monthly reports that they were sending to DEA?

Q. Okay. And in response to Mr. Ratliff's e-mail, Mr. Rausch says, "Bill, okay. I think we just sent the monthly one out yesterday, so maybe that's the one he just got. We won't send out any more." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So as of the date of this e-mail, it appears that Mr. Rausch is no longer going to send the peculiar order reports on to DEA; is that accurate?

Q. And did you agree with that practice?

Q. Okay. And you agreed with that because you were going to revamp and improve your SOM program, correct?

Q. You can set that one aside. Actually, I take that back. Sorry to jump around again.

Q. But can you grab that document again?

Q. Yes.

Q. Stewart Exhibit 1.

Q. And Mr. Ratliff indicates to the recipients of this e-mail, including you, that "I advised that we have a conference call planned with Frank Sapienza on Friday to strengthen our suspicious order identification system." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So do you agree -- do you agree with Bill's sentiment at that time that your suspicious order monitoring system needed to be strengthened?

Q. You did not believe it needed to be strengthened?

Q. Okay. So as of April 1, 2008, you believed that Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program needed to be enhanced?

Q. Okay. You can set that one aside. I'm now going to hand you a copy of what will be marked as Harper Exhibit 12.

Q. And this is an e-mail chain in which you are involved in in the late April to early May 2008 time period; is that correct?

Q. And do you have any reason to doubt that you sent and received the e-mails reflected in this exhibit?

Q. Okay. And at the very bottom of the first page of the exhibit -- the first page.

Q. That's okay. -- you indicate that on April 23, 2008, you attended a meeting to discuss -- or sorry, you attended a meeting of the Midwest Controlled Substance Discussion Group in Chicago. Do you see that?

Q. And that was one of the industry groups involving manufacturers that you had referenced earlier today?

Q. And one of the agenda items was suspicious order monitoring, correct?

Q. And there is reference made to DEA advice that one member of the industry received. Do you see that?

Q. And the DEA advice that that member received was that the DEA expected registrants to know their customer, correct?

Q. And I want to focus on the portion of your e-mail in which you say that "The DEA advice includes comparing" -- quote, "Compare that activity to a bank's obligation to report $10,000 transactions to law enforcement for detection and money laundering while having the ability to detect multiple transactions at $9,999." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Is it a fair interpretation of what you're saying here that it's important for registrants to not just know about orders that are actually suspicious and violate DEA regulations or statutes, but also to determine whether or not there are other orders that could potentially violate such duties and statutes under the CSA?

Q. So ones that could potentially be suspicious and ones that could potentially trigger your algorithm, correct?

Q. All right. So in other words, you would agree with me that an effective SOM program would not simply just identify actual orders that are suspicious but orders that come -- using your words, that come close to being suspicious as well, correct?

Q. And then regardless of the advice given by the member of the industry, is it your opinion that an effective SOM program would both flag actual suspicious orders and those that come close to being a suspicious order?

Q. Okay. So you don't -- you didn't -- you didn't agree with the DEA advice that was being given?

Q. Understood. And you're right, that is the fundamental duty at the end of the day. You were working -- it's correct that at this time you were working on an algorithm to detect orders of unusual pattern, size and frequency, correct?

Q. Okay. You can set that one aside. QUESTIONS BY

Q. Now, you said previously that you recall attending the Buzzeo conferences in certain years when you were senior manager of controlled substance compliance group, correct?

Q. And do you recall attending in 2007 and 2008?

Q. I'll hand you a copy of what has been marked as Harper Exhibit 13. For the record, this e-mail chain ends in Bates 302096. And this is an e-mail dated November 4, 2008, from Cathy Stewart to several people, including you, correct?

Q. And they appear to attach notes that she took at a conference she attended, and I believe that is the Buzzeo conference; is that correct?

Q. Does this refresh your recollection as to whether or not you attended this particular conference as well?

Q. And did you in fact attend this conference with Ms. Stewart?

Q. Okay. And she indicates in her e-mail to you that "A lot of energy is being focused on suspicious order monitoring." Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall that at this -- during this Buzzeo conference in late -- or fall of 2008 that there was in fact a lot of attention being given to suspicious order monitoring?

Q. Okay. And she also indicates in the second sentence of the second paragraph -- you know, I've been talking quite a bit, so I'll let you -- if you don't mind, do you want to read that second sentence?

Q. Yeah.

Q. And can you read the sentence before that?

Q. The sentence before that.

Q. Okay. So certainly from the perspective of Ms. Stewart, she believed that you were the team leader of the SOM process; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And you, in fact, believed that you were effectively the team leader for the enhancement of the SOM process during this time period, correct?

Q. And turning the next -- turning to the next page, you see her actual notes. Do you recall reading and reviewing these notes?

Q. Okay. She indicates that, quote, "We must also formally document the investigation of each peculiar, suspicious, peculiar, order that gets identified, including the hows and the whys of the logic we used to deem the order appropriate to ship or not." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And do you recall whether or not you implemented that policy change into the enhanced SOM program?

Q. So is it your testimony that for the revised and enhanced SOM program that you eventually rolled out at a future date from the date of this e-mail, you formally documented every single peculiar order, including the hows and whys of the logic we used to deemed the order appropriate to ship or not?

Q. Okay. And do you know whether or not those -- and I think earlier I had said "peculiar, suspicious, peculiar," but I mean to say "particular suspicious."

Q. Right. So --

Q. I apologize for that.

Q. Do you know whether or not the formal documentation was contained in any sort of database?

Q. Okay. And what database would that all be kept in?

Q. Okay. And so your testimony is that every single order that was identified as suspicious was formally documented, or is it your testimony that every single order that was identified as peculiar was formally documented, or both?

Q. Okay. And do you recall approximately when that formal documentation began?

Q. Okay. So that would be four years after the date of this particular e-mail, correct?

Q. Do you know why it took so along to enact that policy?

Q. But you -- excuse me. You did ultimately adopt a system whereby you formally documented every peculiar and suspicious order in 2012, correct?

Q. And that's four years after you first discussed the possibility of doing so, correct?

Q. And reference was made by Ms. Stewart that "we must also formally document." Did I read that correctly? So just the record 一一 just so the record is clear， Ms. Stewart indicates in her notes tha七， quote, "We must also formally document the investigation of each particular suspicious, open parens, peculiar, close parens, order that gets identified，" end quote. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. So as of the fall of 2008, she is suggesting, is she not, that you must formally document each suspicious or peculiar order?

Q. Sure.

Q. Right. And I understand it's not a mandate, but she is making a suggestion that you should formally document each suspicious and peculiar order, is she not?

Q. Okay. Is it fair to say that -- this Buzzeo conference that you attended each year, it was an important conference, correct?

Q. And it was a conference in which you would gain important insight regarding your duties under the CSA to maintain effective controls against diversion, among other things, correct?

Q. And as we described earlier, there weren't necessarily other extracurricular activities that you were involved in with respect to your diversion responsibilities at Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. And so this conference was an important conference for you to attend in which you could further understand your responsibilities under the CSA, correct?

Q. So is it fair to say that the advice and suggestions that were borne out of this conference were important suggestions to follow?

Q. Okay. And an element to be considered as of the fall of 2008 was formal documentation of every single peculiar and suspicious order, correct?

Q. And again, it took you four years to actually implement a system in which you would formally document each peculiar or suspicious order, correct?

Q. And during that four-year time period, do you have any understanding of how many pills were diverted in the country, Mallinckrodt pills were diverted in the country?

Q. Do you have an understanding of whether or not that time period reflected the peak of pills that were being distributed into Florida?

Q. You do have an understanding, correct?

Q. And during that time period there were -- there was a large concern from 2008 through 2012 that many of Mallinckrodt pills were going into Florida and being abused and diverted, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you believe that earlier adoption of the formal documentation to identify peculiar or suspicious orders would have helped stop the flow of diversion and abuse that was occurring of Mallinckrodt pills had you implemented this policy earlier?

Q. You don't believe that?

Q. Okay. So you don't -- well, then why did you adopt this formal procedure in 2012?

Q. So are you going to follow your counsel's instruction?

Q. Okay. Now, I know you said earlier that this wasn't necessarily a mandate but a suggestion. But is there any reason you can think of for not following this advice that you learned at the Buzzeo conference in 2008?

Q. Okay. Now, one thing -- going down to the fifth paragraph of this page, Ms. Stewart writes in her notes that "The general consensus is that sales reps are not considered a good option for on-site investigations and initial review prior to accepting new customers due to their perceived bias in getting the customer approved for sales revenue purposes." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And so understanding your perspective that these aren't necessarily mandates, but is it fair to say that one thing -- one piece of advice and/or a suggestion that you learned following this conference was that the general consensus is that sales reps should not be involved in reviewing new customers due to their perceived bias in getting sales?

Q. In other words -- well, I think you were asking {sic} my next question. So you never had sales reps involved in initial reviews of -- initial reviews of new customers?

Q. Right.

Q. Okay.

Q. And by the way, the sales reps referred to here, again, are these both NAMs and CSRs, or NAMs or CSRs, or which -- which sales reps is Cathy referring to?

Q. NAMs. Okay. And so your testimony is that NAMs were not involved in any initial review of new customers?

Q. Okay. So if -- if for purposes of the new checklist -- new customer checklist form NAMs had some input and involvement, that would be contrary to your expectation --

Q. -- is that correct?

Q. Sure. Well, maybe I'll -- I'll try it this way. Did you believe in the fall of 2008 that it was a good idea to consult national account managers in connection with approval of new customers for purposes of filling out the new customer checklist?

Q. Okay. And how about with respect to determining whether or not any orders of new customers were peculiar and/or suspicious? Did you believe that NAMs had any involvement in that process following the fall of 2008?

Q. They did have involvement?

Q. Okay. And what involvement -- what did that involvement consist of?

Q. Okay. And sometimes they would clear these orders, correct?

Q. In other words, sometimes they would conclusively -- or sometimes they would make the recommendation to you that that particular order was not suspicious sufficient to alert the DEA, correct?

Q. Right. And that explanation, what did that usually consist of? Was that in the form of an e-mail? A telephone call?

Q. How did that message -- how was that message conveyed to you?

Q. But we know at least from the 2008 to 2012 time period, there was no formal documentation of that, correct?

Q. Okay. And separate and apart from what's included in Ms. Stewart's notes, do you believe having salespeople involved in the identification of suspicious orders is a good thing?

Q. Okay. And so if they were -- so I understand this is a hypothetical, but bear with me. So would it be appropriate then if a national account manager was the only source for determining whether or not a peculiar order was suspicious or not?

Q. It would be appropriate?

Q. So in that case, isn't the NAM the only person providing input as to whether or not an order is suspicious?

Q. Okay. And so you're saying that's okay?

Q. Okay. So you don't have any problems, as someone who is in charge of running a suspicious order monitoring program, of having national account managers who have an incentive for new sales and new business to be involved in the decision of whether or not to identify an order as suspicious or not?

Q. Okay. National account managers at Mallinckrodt were compensated on

Q. Do you understand that national account managers had a -- received a commission based on the amount of sales activity that they were able to retain?

Q. Okay. Setting aside whether or not you knew how NAMs were paid, don't you believe that conflict of interest exists in having an individual who has a financial incentive to create new sales also determine whether or not an order is suspicious?

Q. Do you believe that the national account managers had -- believed that they had a greater incentive to comply with the regulatory statutes laid out under the CSA?

Q. Okay. And you believe -- well, strike that. Do you recall following the date of this particular Buzzeo conference ever discussing removing NAMs from the suspicious order monitoring and peculiar order monitoring review structure?

Q. Okay. Do you ever recall removing any member of sales force -- that includes NAMs and customer service reps -- from the peculiar order/suspicious order review system?

Q. Okay. You can set this document aside. QUESTIONS BY

Q. I'm going to hand you a copy of what will be marked as Harper Exhibit 14. Now, do you recall -- I know you said you didn't recall the specifics of how NAMs were compensated at Mallinckrodt, but do you know whether or not they received any bonuses based in part of the volume of their sales of controlled substances manufactured by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you ever inquire as to whether or not they were being compensated on that basis?

Q. How come you never inquired about that?

Q. Sure.

Q. Okay. And you say that you needed -- at times you needed guidance from them on specific -- you needed guidance from NAMs on specific orders --

Q. -- with respect to identifying

Q. Reviewing. With the ultimate goal of trying to determine whether or not that order was suspicious, correct?

Q. So NAMs played -- would you agree with me that NAMs played an integral role in determining whether or not an order could potentially be suspicious?

Q. Well, let me -- certain orders. Do you mean certain orders that were previously flagged as peculiar?

Q. Okay. So once an order was flagged as peculiar, is it accurate to say that NAMs played an integral role in determining whether or not that peculiar order was ultimately deemed to be suspicious sufficient to notify the DEA?

Q. Correct. But for some?

Q. Okay. So is it the case that for some orders, national account managers played an integral role in determining whether or not a peculiar order was ultimately determined to be suspicious?

Q. Including you and Mr. Ratliff, among other people, correct?

Q. Okay. So if -- in the scenario we were just discussing, if the national account manager -- well, strike that. When the national account manager was assisting in the review of whether or not a peculiar order was deemed -- was going to be deemed as suspicious or not, can you think of any instances in which the input of the national account manager was the only input you received in making a determination of whether or not the order was suspicious?

Q. Were there instances in which the determination that the -- that you and Mr. Ratliff made as to whether an order was suspicious or not relied solely on the input of a national account manager?

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as Harper Exhibit 14.

Q. Do you recall this -- or do you have any reason to dispute that you received this e-mail?

Q. Okay. And here Mr. Hunter is attaching notes from the Buzzeo conference 工 believe he attends in 2009; is that correc七?

Q. Okay. And do you recall attending this particular Buzzeo conference as well?

Q. Okay. So you recall attending the 2008 Buzzeo conference with Ms. Stewart, but you don't recall attending this conference with Mr. Hunter; is that fair?

Q. Okay. Do you recall Mr. Hunter sending these notes to you about what transpired at this particular Buzzeo conference?

Q. Sure. And there are notes. I just want to turn to the first page of notes that he drafts. These appear to be notes that he has created following his attendance at the 2009 Buzzeo conference; is that correct?

Q. And looking down at the bottom of this page, he indicates where I'm highlighting right now, "Sir, suspicious order monitoring was certainly a hotbed of discussion." Do you see that?

Q. Right. And it's a question by someone in the audience, some registrant or someone who attended the conference, correct?

Q. Okay. And so it's fair to say that as of the fall of 2009, their continual -- there's continual attention and scrutiny being given to Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring system?

Q. Right. Right. So as a general matter in 2009, would you agree with the statement that suspicious order monitoring continued to be given close scrutiny by the DEA?

Q. Okay. And the question is asked, "Are there any plans for DEA to publicize information to implement?" Do you see that?

Q. "SOM incorporate algorithms where products are more likely to be diverted." Did I read that correctly as well?

Q. Okay. And there is a response given by someone at DEA, it appears. Do you see that?

Q. And that's Jim Crawford. Did you know who he has?

Q. Okay. Did you communicate with him at all during the 2008, 2012 time period?

Q. Okay. But you just knew -- you just knew who he was, but you didn't necessarily communicate with him?

Q. Got it. And it's -- he says in response to this question, quote, "Whatever we put out will be outdated by the time we put it out. You're looking at a number. Tell me how much that we can exceed. DEA can't do that. It's part of your due diligence, knowing your customer," end quote. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. So this appears to be some Q&As in which -- there is a question in which registrants are asking whether or not DEA will give guidance on an appropriate suspicious order monitoring algorithm. Is that a fair characterization of the question that was asked?

Q. And the response given was that DEA was not going to provide such concrete guidance; is that correct?

Q. Sure.

Q. Okay. So as of the fall of 2009, is it accurate to say that Mr. Hunter informed you that the DEA was not going to give concrete guidance as to what particular algorithm to implement?

Q. Okay. Now, the following question by someone in the audience was, "Well, what then does the DEA expect?" And a response was given by Mr. Caverly. It says, quote, "Previously DEA sat down with National Drug Association with an algorithm. DEA standpoint: You know our customers better than we do. DEA stepped away from providing guidelines. It is not going to happen," end quote. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So as of the date of this e-mail in the fall of 2009, you understood that the DEA was not going to provide guidelines with respect to S0M algorithms, correct?

Q. You can set that aside. MR. 0'C0NN0R: We've been going about an hour 15. Maybe we should take a break.

Q. Now, Mr. Harper {sic}, is it fair to say from the 2008 through 2009 time period you are continually working to revise and improve the enhanced suspicious order monitoring system at Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Okay. And you also continue to work on peculiar order algorithms in the 2008 through 2009 time period, correct?

Q. And with respect to the checklists we were discussing previously, you're continually working on revising and implementing a -- both a new customer checklist and a customer checklist throughout the 2008 and 2009 time period, correct?

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as Harper Exhibit 15. And in conjunction with that, I'm going to hand you also a document that's previously been identified as Exhibit 35 of the Stewart deposition. They're both right here. For the record, Harper Exhibit 15 ends in Bates stamp 270090. And of course the second document I referenced was Stewart Exhibit 35 that ends in 477900. Now, turning your attention first to the e-mail identified as Harper Exhibit 15, this is an e-mail exchange you had with Eileen Spalding dated October 31, 2010, correct?

Q. And earlier when I had -- just

Q. And in fact, that work continues in 2011 as well?

Q. When would you say you actually implemented a procedure or an SOM policy that sufficiently addressed some of the concerns you raised in the 2008 time period with respect to Mallinckrodt's SOM program?

Q. And is it -- do you have a general understanding of the approximate time period of the date of publication? Do you recall whether or not it was after 2011?

Q. Okay.

Q. You remember a meeting you had with DEA in 2011, often referred to as the earthquake meeting? Correct?

Q. And it's referred to in that manner because there was an earthquake that day outside of DC, in Virginia in particular?

Q. As of the date of that meeting, you had not yet adopted a formal procedure for the enhanced SOM program, correct?

Q. Fair enough. Okay. So turning back to this particular exhibit, in the second paragraph of the bottom e-mail starting with "Basically," can you read that for the record?

Q. Okay. And in the e-mail above, you amend your statement about none rising to the level of peculiar. And what you actually meant was that no peculiar orders rose to the level of suspicious; is that correct?

Q. So as of October 31, 2010, is it accurate to say that Mallinckrodt did not identify a single suspicious order between beginning of 2000 -- excuse me, between August of 2008 to October 31, 2010?

Q. Right. And so we had discussed earlier about the significant amount of diversion and abuse of Mallinckrodt pills that occurred in Florida in the 2008 through 2012 time period. Do you recall that?

Q. You recall that we discussed diversion and abuse of Mallinckrodt pills occurring in Florida throughout the 2008 through 2012 time period, correct?

Q. Okay. And during at least a two-year time period between 2008 and 2010, Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring policy and system did not identify a single suspicious order, correct?

Q. Okay. And in the third paragraph below in your e-mail you state, quote, "It is significant to note that neither Sunrise or Harvard triggered the algorithms that were in place for direct customers because we were looking at overall purchase trends for each distributor, not reviewing where the distributors were sending our product, and our program met CFR requirements. In essence, the program was expanded within the last month to our customers' customers." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Now, Sunrise and Harvard were two distributors that were customers of Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. And they both had their license eventually suspended by the DEA at some time in the 2010 time period?

Q. And so they had their licenses suspended because they were selling to customers, and in particular, pharmacies and pain clinics that were engaged in diversion --

Q. -- correct?

Q. Okay. And was it -- and in addition to what was reported in the media, you eventually acquired some level of knowledge of certain orders that Sunrise and Harvard had shipped to pharmacies and clinics in Florida, did you not?

Q. Okay. And so ultimately Sunrise and Harvard had their license suspended by the DEA due to suspicious orders that they had shipped in at least the 2008 through 2000 {sic} time period; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And here you're indicating that your suspicious order monitoring system did not trigger the algorithms that were in place for that time period. And I presume the algorithms you're discussing are the peculiar order algorithms, correct?

Q. So in other words, because their orders were not either 2X or potentially 3X of the prior fiscal year, as we previously discussed, there was never a peculiar order flag that was raised with respect to their orders --

Q. -- fair?

Q. Okay. And you note that your suspicious order monitoring system at the time was unable to identify whether or not certain of their orders were suspicious because, of course, you just had a peculiar order algorithm that was based on a metric of orders relative to prior order history.

Q. Right. And I didn't say -- just so the record is clear, I didn't say "enable"; I said "unable."

Q. Right. So Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program at the time was unable to identify any suspicious orders of Sunrise or Harvard because you were merely looking at a numerical metric of order history -- of orders relative to order history of Sunrise and Harvard, correct?

Q. Okay. At the time that you learned that Sunrise and Harvard had their licenses suspended by the DEA, did that concern you?

Q. Okay. And it also -- and it concerned you because you had been unable to detect the fact that they actually had shipped many suspicious orders, according to the DEA, prior to 2010, correct?

Q. Okay. And they were direct customers of Mallinckrodt that had Mallinckrodt pills sold to pharmacies and clinics -- strike that. When you say it concerned you because they were direct customers of Mallinckrodt, is it also accurate to say that you were concerned because Mallinckrodt pills may have been diverted or abused as a result of shipments made by Sunrise and Harvard?

Q. Okay. Now, I want to turn to the -- you can keep the e-mail in front of you if you'd like, but this document which is Exhibit 35, that appears to be a chronology of the suspicious order monitoring program from August 2008 through 2010; is that correct?

Q. And it's specifically a chronology of the SOM program regarding Mallinckrodt's dosage products during that time period, correct?

Q. And in Exhibit 15, you reference to Ms. Spaulding a chronology, a lengthy chronology, to try and get her up to speed on what has occurred with respect to Mallinckrodt's SOM program. Do you see a reference to that? It'll be at the --

Q. Do you recall whether or not this chronology is the chronology that you conveyed to Ms. Spaulding?

Q. Okay. And does the chronology -- indicates that in the fall of 2008 -- well, first of all, there's a reference made at the top of the page to an old version that was being sent to DEA Albany. Do you see that?

Q. And in your chronology you indicate, quote, "This reporting system was discontinued at the direction of suspicious order monitoring team pending new order algorithms that the SOM team was working to establish." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So, again, in the fall of 2008, you are continually working on revising the SOM program, correct?

Q. And you had abandoned a reporting system that was in place to send reports to DEA Albany as of this date, correct?

Q. Okay. Turning to the next page, there's an indication on February 16, 2009, that "SOM draft procedure sent to legal department for further review relative to new tasks being created as part of the revised program." Do you see that?

Q. So legal played a part in the review of the SOM draft procedures and the ultimate implementation of the revised SOM program; is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. And do you recall working with Mr. Lohman and Ms. Duft in connection with implementation of the revised SOM program?

Q. Is it fair to say that they had -- in addition to working with them, is it fair to say that they had -- or how would you describe their involvement in the implementation of the revised SOM program?

Q. Sure. And do you recall how frequently you communicated with them during this time period?

Q. Okay. Do you recall whether or not it was monthly communications with them or weekly communications?

Q. Relative to other people that you had worked with in connection with revising the SOM policy, do you have any understanding of whether or not their involvement was higher or lower than, for example, your interactions with Mr. Ratliff in the security department?

Q. I am. And I'm just trying to get an understanding --

Q. Because since you can't necessarily recall how involved they were, I'm just trying to get an understanding of perhaps seeing if you knew how much they were involved relative to other groups that were part of the SOM team. So it's fair to say that they were part of the SOM -- legal was part of the SOM team, correct?

Q. And you had some interaction with them in implementing an SOM program, correct?

Q. And would you say that that involvement or interaction was more or less than the interaction you had with other groups?

Q. Okay.

Q. Do you recall if you had any kind of day-to-day communication with them?

Q. Okay. Now, on the next -- well, the next entry is redacted, but the entry after that dated March 2, 2009, indicates that "Mr. Rausch continues to work with IS to define the criteria of what would be peculiar -- what would be a peculiar order and how to determine programmatic flags for detection." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And perhaps it might mean to say problematic, but in any way, we don't need to guess. It's fair to say that as of March 2, 2009, Jim Rausch is continuing to try and define the criteria of what constitutes a peculiar order.

Q. Correct?

Q. And IS is information systems?

Q. And was there a point person in -- at IS that you worked with or you knew was part of the SOM team?

Q. Okay. Now, further down on June 29, 2009, you indicate that "revised questionnaire -- customer questionnaires are submitted to legal that have been updated based upon CSF focus group meetings Jim Rausch and Cathy Stewart conducted with CSRs." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So again, you're continually working on the customer checklists or questionnaires that will be submitted to Mallinckrodt customers in connection with the SOM program; fair to say?

Q. Okay. And the -- by the way, in this chronology that you drafted, you represented to Eileen that this was an attempt by you to provide an extensive chronology on SOM activities during this two-year time period. Why were you providing this to her?

Q. Okay. And do you recall whether or not you may have provided this to her in preparation for any meetings that she was having with DEA?

Q. Okay. And you did reference a work stoppage at Mallinckrodt. I understand that there was a strike by some employees at Covidien at the time.

Q. I don't think it is.

Q. Yeah, but --

Q. -- just -- just generally there was --

Q. There was a strike by Covidien employees in the 2010 time period. How long did that last?

Q. Okay. A fairly long strike.

Q. And during that time period, was there any work done on attempting to improve or revise the SOM process?

Q. And who was that work done by?

Q. Okay. And with respect to this chronology, you have no reason to dispute the accuracy of any of these events that you report to Ms. Spaulding, do you?

Q. Okay. And by the way, what was the approximate date of the strike?

Q. Okay. Great. And it lasted until May or June of 2010?

Q. Sure.

Q. Sure. Turn to page 4 of this report, this chronology. There's a reference made that on April 30, 2010, the peculiar order calculations changed from a 2X factor to a 3X factor. Do you see that reference?

Q. So if I understand correctly, the peculiar order algorithm on April 30, 2010, increased from 2X to 3X, correct?

Q. So in other words, as of April 30, 2010, the algorithm that Mallinckrodt utilized to determine whether or not an order was suspicious was by determining whether an order was three times greater than the prior year average; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And this increase resulted for a variety of reasons, is my understanding, but is one of the reasons that you increased from 2X to 3X because the peculiar order report was too lengthy?

Q. So it was creating an administrative burden because there were too many orders to review?

Q. Okay. And so you and others believed that increasing the peculiar order algorithm to 3X would reduce the amount of reports that were printed for the SOM team to review, correct?

Q. Okay. And the increase from 2X to 3X occurs during this time period -- well, strike that. I believe as of the date of -- I know you don't recall when the actual revised SOM policy was formalized, but at least as of the date of this e-mail, October 31, 2010, the revised SOM program had yet to be formalized; is that correct?

Q. And when we talk about the final SOP or SOM procedure, this was a formal document which lays out the criteria for identifying a suspicious order, correct?

Q. And so at the time -- as of October 31, 2010, a final SOM procedure that outlines the criteria for identifying a suspicious order had not yet been finalized, correct?

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you a copy of what will be marked as Harper Exhibit 16.

Q. Yes, you may.

Q. Actually, I lied. It won't be Exhibit 16. It's previously been marked as Exhibit 33 to the Stewart deposition.

Q. And this appears to be an e-mail exchange between you and Ms. Stewart. Do you see that?

Q. And I 〕ust have a couple questions on this. Ms. Stewart asks on Monday, August 9, 2010, quote, "How's progress on the revised suspicious order monitoring program going?" end quote. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And your response you respond several things, but your response to this question is, quote, "We had a meeting last week that could only be classified as a train wreck, but the effort will continue and I will not be discouraged. I will not be discouraged． I will not be discouraged." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. So fair to say that as of August 9, 2010, at least with respect to the meeting you had on the revised SOM program, you believed that the meeting was a train wreck, correct?

Q. And you have no reason to doubt that you sent this e-mail to Ms. Stewart?

Q. Okay. Were you frustrated at the time in August of 2010 with how the revised suspicious order monitoring program was going?

Q. Sure. Sure. So I guess -- I'll just ask you

Q. And separate and apart -- separate and apart from what you responded to her, however inartful that was, my question to you is: Do you recall in the 2010 time period being frustrated at the progress of the revised SOM policy at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And as of August 2010, this is about two and a half years after you first identify SOM as being an elevated priority for you; is that fair to say?

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's going to now be marked as -- you can set that aside.

Q. This is a copy of Harper Exhibit 16. And for the record, it ends in Bates 280260. And this is an e-mail exchange between, again, you and Ms. Spaulding dated September 24, 2010?

Q. And Ms. Spaulding asks at the bottom how a conference call on S0M went. Do you see that?

Q. And you respond, and I'd ask that you read the first full sentence at the top of your e-mail.

Q. I'm sorry, just I guess --

Q. Yeah, I guess "pretty well" is the first sentence. Just so just start reading from "pretty well."

Q. That's okay.

Q. Okay. Thank you for that. So is it accurate to say that one of the things that came out of this conference call regarding Mallinckrodt's then existing SOM procedure was that you were attempting to shift the day-to-day monitoring responsibility of particular orders to a non-customer service function?

Q. Okay. And earlier we had discussed about -- earlier we had discussed the fact that certain salespeople did not have day-to-day monitoring responsibilities with respect to SOM. Does this change your testimony at all or refresh your recollection at all that at one point in time NAMs and/or customer service representatives did, indeed, have day-to-day monitoring responsibilities with respect to Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Okay. So are you referring here to CSRs or NAMs?

Q. Okay. So then prior to the date of this e-mail, it would be accurate to say that CSRs had actual day-to-day monitoring responsibilities with respect to Mallinckrodt's SOM program?

Q. Okay. So what you're saying then through this e-mail is that you wanted to remove Jim Rausch from the day-to-day monitoring of Mallinckrodt's SOM program?

Q. Okay. And did you in fact implement this policy change?

Q. Okay. Now, I know that you're not referring to NAMs here, but would you agree with me that -- well, first of all, let me back up. Do you have any understanding of how many national account managers there were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Does the number four sound accurate to you?

Q. Okay. Would you -- if I represented to you, and assuming that I could prove at trial that there were approximately eight national account managers at Mallinckrodt during the 2005 through 2015 time period, does that -- is that consistent with your understanding?

Q. Sure. But you interacted with many of the NAMs, correct?

Q. And how many NAMs did you interact with?

Q. And among those were Victor Borelli, Steve Becker and Jane Williams, correct?

Q. Right. Thank you for the clarification. So during the two -- would it be accurate to say that during the 2005 through 2017 time period you interacted with about four NAMs?

Q. Sure. And I'm just trying to get a general understanding.

Q. So approximately four to five NAMs that you interacted with in connection with your -- in connection with your responsibilities in designing, implementing, an SOM program, correct?

Q. Okay. And despite not knowing exactly how much NAMs made, was it your understanding that NAMs were compensated based on the amount of customers that they had?

Q. You had no understanding?

Q. Okay. To the extent they were compensated based on the volume of pills purchased by their customers, would you agree that that would be a conflict of interest --

Q. -- to the extent they were involved in the SOM monitoring process?

Q. Sure. Assuming that NAMs were paid based on volume of pills sold, at least in part --

Q. -- were paid based on the amount of pills that they were able to sell to a particular customer, would you agree that that would be a conflict of interest to have them involved in evaluating whether or not an order was suspicious?

Q. Okay. And going back to the e-mail that's in front of you and -- you indicate that at least from this meeting it was agreed that customer service representatives would no longer be involved in the day-to-day monitoring because of their -- because of a conflict of interest.

Q. Do you see it?

Q. And what is the conflict of interest that you're referring to there?

Q. Well, how -- how was it any different -- how was the conflict of interest that applies with respect to the customer service group any different than a conflict of interest that would apply with respect to the national account managers?

Q. Sure. How was the conflict of interest that applies with the customer service group that you're referring to in this e-mail differ in any way from the conflict of interest that would apply with respect to a national account manager?

Q. I understand that that was the -- what happened after this e-mail, or that change was attempted to be made. But prior to the date of this, you are indicating, are you not, in this e-mail that

Q. And you said also that national account managers have involvement in -- in Mallinckrodt customers as well, right?

Q. And that approximately four to eight national account managers that Mallinckrodt had, they were in charge of wholesale distributors that Mallinckrodt supplied drugs to, correct?

Q. And so the -- do you believe that a conflict of interest exists with respect to a national account manager's involvement in the suspicious order monitoring program given that their -- assuming this was true -- given that their primary form of compensation was the amount of pills they were able to sell --

Q. -- to a particular Mallinckrodt customer?

Q. Okay. It's okay to say no.

Q. No, don't be sorry. Here's --

Q. I want to hand you a copy of what's going to be -- what has previously been marked -- you can set that aside -- what's previously been marked as Exhibit 44 of the Stewart deposition.

Q. And before turning to the text of this document, Mr. -- as we discussed before, Mr. Borelli is a national account manager, correct?

Q. Okay. And he was a national account manager in charge of certain distributors that Mallinckrodt shipped pills to, correct?

Q. And the context of this e-mail, or the subject, is Sunrise Wholesale, correct?

Q. And as we discussed before, Sunrise had its license revoked by the DEA in 2010 as a result of suspicious orders they were shipping to Florida, correct?

Q. Okay. And Sunrise was a customer, again, of Mallinckrodt?

Q. And is it your understanding that Mr. Borelli was in charge of the Sunrise account?

Q. Okay. And Ms. Stewart indicates some language to you about Mr. Borelli and indicates that the e-mail importance is high. She says quote, "FYI, the customer service reps all state that Victor will tell them anything they want to hear just so he can get the sale," end quote. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And Mr. Borelli had involvement in the suspicious order monitoring program, did he not?

Q. So were there instances in which Mr. Borelli cleared -- or concluded that a peculiar order was not suspicious and relayed that information to you?

Q. Okay. And the date of this e-mail is May 20, 2008, correct?

Q. This is simultaneous to when you are first starting to revamp your -- the revised SOM program, correct?

Q. And you learned Mr. Borelli -- you learned from Ms. Stewart that all the customer service reps all state that Mr. Borelli will tell them anything they want to hear just so he can get the sale, correct?

Q. Okay. So given that Mr. Borelli has an incentive to obtain as many sales as possible, is it still your testimony that you believe it's not a conflict of interest for him to be involved in the evaluation of a peculiar order?

Q. By the way, how many times did Mr. Borelli confirm that an order was actually suspicious?

Q. Well, you had previously -- we had previously discussed an e-mail in which you told Ms. Spaulding that no orders rose to the level of suspicious in the 2008 to 2000 {sic} time period --

Q. -- correct?

Q. So I take it that Mr. Borelli never, ever identified a peculiar order as being suspicious; is that accurate?

Q. And the same would be true with respect to Ms. New and Mr. Becker, correct?

Q. Yeah. So to the extent that Mr. Becker or Ms. New evaluated whether or not a peculiar order was suspicious, they never, in fact, reported that such an order was suspicious to you, correct?

Q. Okay. Oh, and with respect to -- so in addition to Ms. New, Mr. Becker and Mr. Borelli, were there any other NAMs during the 2008 to 2000 {sic} time period that informed you that a peculiar order should rise to the level of a suspicious order?

Q. Okay. As you sit -- well, again, based on your representation to Ms. Spaulding that there were no suspicious orders as of October 31, 2010, is it fair to say that no national account manager ever reported to you that a peculiar order should rise to the level of being a suspicious order?

Q. Okay. I want to turn to a copy of what will be marked as exhibit -- Harper Exhibit 17. And for the record, this document is -- ends in Bates stamp 368390. In an August 26, 2010 e-mail from you to others, you state, "Ginger and Kate," is the first page, "Although we require direct customers to submit a suspicious order monitoring customer questionnaire with proof of their annual DEA license renewal, the question whether our customers monitor their customers was removed from the questionnaire by the Mallinckrodt suspicious order monitoring team because there is no actual regulatory obligation to monitor customers' customers." Did I read that correctly with the exception of the insertion "is"?

Q. Okay. And so at -- is it safe to say that prior to -- at some point prior to August 26, 2010, in your customer checklist you had a question of whether or not your customers monitor their customers? Correct?

Q. But you removed that question from the questionnaire, correct?

Q. Set that aside.

Q. Did you believe that removing that question from your questionnaire was an enhancement of your SOM program?

Q. Okay. So you don't regret removing that question from your questionnaire?

Q. Okay. And that's notwithstanding the fact that you did receive guidance from the DEA that they expected you to monitor your customer's customer, correct?

Q. Okay. So you received guidance from the DEA that it was important for Mallinckrodt to know your customer's customer, yet you removed that question from your questionnaire; is that accurate?

Q. This is a yes or no question. That's all I needed.

Q. Counsel can -- has the opportunity to do some redirect if he would like.

Q. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as Harper Exhibit 18. And for the record, this document ends in Bates 279142. This is an April 29, 2010 e-mail you send to Ms. Spaulding regarding suspicious order monitoring. You state, quote, "We have working algorithms, and J. Rausch has been reviewing peculiar orders for several weeks. I have a meeting with Jim tomorrow because the review is taking several hours a day, yet still results in him making a judgment call that he is not comfortable with. Bottom line is that tomorrow I plan on having something for you to give DEA. Trying desperately to clear up all loose ends before the potential work stoppage." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And is it accurate to say that as of April 29, 2010, it's your understanding that Mr. Rausch is still making judgment calls on peculiar orders that he is not comfortable with?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. Now, as we discussed, in addition to algorithms, you had checklists that you were working on at the same time with respect to new and current customers, correct?

Q. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as Harper Exhibit 19, and it ends in Bates 301020. And this is a July 22, 2009 e-mail from Ms. Stewart to many people, including you, regarding the customer checklist. Is that accurate?

Q. And she indicates that you left

Q. Sure. And Ms. Stewart seems to be referencing some failures on the customer checklist that seemed to be the result of confusion as it relates to the form itself. Do you see that reference?

Q. So at the time of this e-mail, there was certainly some confusion with respect to the questionnaire that you were trying to roll out in 2009, correct?

Q. And Ms. Stewart indicates that she's actually putting customers that have been put on hold as a result of this customer checklist, and she's actually recommending that they be taken off. Is that consistent with how this e-mail reads?

Q. So in other words, while there was confusion surrounding this particular version of the customer checklist, for any customers that were put on hold at that time, she had recommended putting them off of hold and releasing orders; is that correct?

Q. You can set that one aside. QUESTIONS BY

Q. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as Harper Exhibit 20. For the record, this ends in Bates stamp 372333. And this is an e-mail exchange that you are having with Ms. Spaulding in the -- on February 11, 2011; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And I want to focus on the second e-mail down in the chain that you draft to Ms. Spaulding regarding the customer checklist. Do you see where you have indicated that you have discovered a disconnect in the system?

Q. And you're talking about the system of the customer checklist, correct?

Q. And you indicate that, quote, "We have significant gaps in that although CDIG send out the annual update SOM customer checklist, when the system indicates customer account DEA registration is nearing renewal time, they do nothing if the SOM customer checklist is not ever returned by the customer." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And CDIG basically -- CDIG stands for customer data integrity group, correct?

Q. And they had some involvement in the SOM procedure, in particular the customer checklist, correct?

Q. But if I understand this e-mail correctly, is it accurate to say that as of February of 2011 you were -- you discovered that all SOM customer checklists were not actually being returned by the customers, correct?

Q. You would agree that this is a significant gap in the review system, would you not?

Q. Because you relied on the customer checklist to obtain information from the customer, correct?

Q. And in some instances, you never actually in fact received the checklist, correct?

Q. Yeah. During the renewal time period, CDIG does nothing if the SOM customer checklist is ever returned; is that correct?

Q. All right. So they may have turned in a checklist at one point in time, but the requirement and the expectation certainly was that they would turn in at least an annual checklist as well, correct?

Q. And that wasn't always happening as of 2011, correct?

Q. And so would you say that -- we'll move on. You can set that aside. Thank you. Now, earlier we were discussing chargebacks. Do you recall that?

Q. Do you remember when you first started looking into utilization of chargebacks -- or chargeback data to understand the details of where your pills, Mallinckrodt pills, were going?

Q. And when was that?

Q. Okay. And that was in the 2009 time period?

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as Harper Exhibit 21.

Q. And this is an e-mail chain involving you, among other people, in the April 17, 2007 time period; is that accurate?

Q. And I don't believe I identified this document, but it ends in Bates 7728295. Starting with the second to the last e-mail at the bottom of this chain from Vince Kaiman to Jeff Burd in which you are cc'd, as of 2:47 -- let's start there. First of all, who's Vince Kaiman?

Q. Okay. And he is inquiring in an e-mail exchange with Jeff Burd whether or not Jeff can also find out of the 40-milligram sales into the channel, how much of it ends up in clinics. Do you see that portion of the e-mail I'm referencing?

Q. So in other words, Vince is asking -- and the 40-milligram sales is a reference to the methadone 40 milligrams, correct?

Q. Manufactured by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And he is trying to determine where those Mallinckrodt pills ends up in clinics. Is that a fair characterization of the question he's asking Jeff?

Q. Okay. And there's some discussion back and forth about how one might go about doing that, but Vince at some point in the e-mail chain says, "Would chargebacks help?" Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And Mr. Burd's response is, "Okay, I'll start to look into it. Yeah, it would be through chargebacks." Do you see that portion of the e-mail?

Q. So is it fair to say that this e-mail chain reflects an understanding by Mallinckrodt employees that they could utilize chargebacks to understand where Mallinckrodt-manufactured pills were ending up?

Q. And the date of this e-mail is April 17, 2007, correct?

Q. And you were on this e-mail chain?

Q. Okay. And I want to pay -- I want to turn your attention to the top of this e-mail in which Jeff Burd -- by the way, who is Jeff Burd?

Q. Sure. And Mr. Burd, who appears was a senior marketing manager, he is -- he indicates that, "Well, we were able to get at this data quicker than I expected, with Kate's help." Do you see that?

Q. So is it a fair characterization of this e-mail that he was able to obtain the chargeback data a lot quicker than he had expected?

Q. Okay. And if you look at the timestamp, it looks like it takes him -- certainly the same day, but he responds within six hours of when he says he will look into it, correct?

Q. So in a six-hour time period, is it accurate to say that a Mallinckrodt employee was able to utilize chargeback data to understand where Mallinckrodt products were ending up?

Q. Okay. And by the way, do you -- there's a reference here to Kate. It says that he's able to -- he was able to utilize Kate's help to get this data. Do you see that?

Q. And that was Kate Neely?

Q. Right.

Q. Thank you. QUESTIONS BY

Q. I'm going to hand you now a copy of what will be marked as Harper Exhibit 22. And we can go through this document and we can take a break.

Q. If that doesn't -- or if you don't mind.

Q. For the record, this e-mail exchange ends in Bates 500657. And this is an e-mail exchange from actually the 2009 to 2010 time period. And the title of the e-mail is "Chargeback Information Request." Do you see that?

Q. And it's a little confusing because I think that's reference made to a subsequent e-mail. But if you look at the bottom of the second page, there is an e-mail from you to Tiffany Rowley dated November 19, 2009. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Now, in that November 19, 2009 e-mail, you ask, among other things, to Tiffany, quote, "Is it feasible to run chargeback summary reports each time we receive information through the industry about DEA actions against pharmacies or physicians?" Did I read that correctly?

Q. So is it fair to say that at least as of November 2000 -- fair to say that as of November 19, 2009, you're inquiring about how to utilize chargeback summary reports to determine where Mallinckrodt pills are ending up?

Q. Okay. And was this -- does this refresh your recollection at all that this was about the time you were -- you became interested in utilizing chargeback information consistent with the DEA investigation against Sunrise?

Q. Okay.

Q. Yeah, I understand that this doesn't make any reference --

Q. Yeah, that's okay. Around this time was when Sunrise -- you began looking into Sunrise as well, correct?

Q. And you also were trying to pull chargeback data and chargeback information in connection with understanding where your pills ended up after distributing to Sunrise, correct?

Q. But it was in connection with your obligations as the team leader of the suspicious order monitoring program --

Q. -- right?

Q. Okay. Now, after you asked that question on November 19, 2009, Tiffany -- by the way, who is Tiffany Rowley Kilper?

Q. Okay. But she was someone who you consulted with to pull chargeback information, correct?

Q. Okay. And she responds, "Sure, Karen, I can always provide that data." Do you see that?

Q. And unfortunately, for this e-mail exchange there's no date that's indicated for that particular e-mail, but we can move up to your Monday, February 22, 2010 e-mail. Do you see that?

Q. And you say, "Tiffany, we exchanged e-mails several months ago about running chargeback reports as a benefit to the business based upon information we receive regarding DEA actions against registrants and industry news." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So for whatever reason, three months pass between when you first ask Ms. Kilper to identify and run certain requests with respect to chargeback information and when you follow up again with her about this request; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And then she responds that same day that -- with some questions, but ultimately she -- well, let me read it for you. She says, "Karen, if you could give me an estimate of how frequent the requests might be or how many end user inquiries per month, I can run this by my manager to ensure she agrees this fits our area. I just pull the data from Cognos. It's nothing complicated at all. I'd be happy to train someone in your group to do this if that makes more sense." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So as of February 22, 2010, is it accurate to say that Mallinckrodt certainly has the ability to run chargeback information and chargeback data to determine where Mallinckrodt pills are going?

Q. Okay. And this request actually originated on November 19, 2009, as indicated by your original e-mail, correct?

Q. And she's -- it's accurate to say that at least based on Ms. Rowley-Kilper's characterization, it's nothing complicated at all to pull this data, correct?

Q. And she would be happy to train someone in your group to do it yourself?

Q. Did you take her up on her offer?

Q. Okay. Ms. Kilper always ran the chargeback reports, correct?

Q. Did you ever run a chargeback report?

Q. You had some other people do it, correct?

Q. And was there ever a time in which it was indicated to you that it would be difficult to pull this data?

Q. Okay. In fact, it was quite easy and they could -- whomever you directed would always comply with your request for this information, correct?

Q. Now, turning to the first page of this e-mail, you indicate -- sorry, not you, but Ms. Johnson, who appears to be a compliance assistant, she asks you whether or not anything has been figured out on the chargeback requests yet. Do you see that?

Q. And that's dated March 8, 2010?

Q. And it appears that there was no response by you until Tiffany asks whether or not something was in her court on this, because she never heard back in response to your questions. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And finally at the top of this e-mail, you indicate to Carrie that "I have the next steps on this. I'll discuss with you later this week. I am booked solid with meetings today. Thanks for following up to get your project going." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. So is it fair to say that there is a approximately four-month time period in which -- between when you first asked for this information and when action is actually taken on obtaining this chargeback information?

Q. Okay. And of course it's clear from this e-mail exchange that the ball was in your court to respond to Carrie. And unfortunately I don't have any subsequent documentation of when, in fact, you responded, but at least four months go by between when you first ask and when you again follow up with Tiffany and Carrie on the chargeback data requests, correct?

Q. Welcome back, Ms. Harper. Thank you for your patience today. I appreciate your -- the time that you have spent, and we have, I think, a few more hours to go. So before we broke, we were talking about utilization of chargeback data. Do you recall that?

Q. And --

Q. So a moment ago we were talking about chargebacks, correct?

Q. And was -- in the late 2009 time period you had asked about whether or not someone could run certain chargeback data for you so that you could understand the details of a transaction in which Mallinckrodt was sending its pills to a particular distributor, correct?

Q. And specifically, was it your idea to take the information you learned -- well, strike that. One of the reasons for identifying -- or utilizing chargeback information was to take the information you received regarding certain DEA actions against registrants and industry news that you had acquired, correct?

Q. So the idea was to take that information regarding specific pharmacies and doctors and go into your data to determine whether or not Mallinckrodt was selling to these pharmacies or physicians, correct?

Q. Right. So the idea --

Q. -- of -- one of the reasons for why you utilize chargeback information is to determine whether or not Mallinckrodt was selling to pharmacies or physicians that were customers of distributors that you sold to, correct?

Q. Okay. And the idea of using this chargeback information was also to make sure your customers/wholesale distributors were not also selling Mallinckrodt drugs to these pharmacies or physicians, correct?

Q. Okay. And again, you had this idea, or at least you discussed the possibility of obtaining this data, as of November 2009, correct?

Q. And also turning back to some of the e-mails that we had discussed previously in 2007, you were -- it's accurate to say that Mallinckrodt employees knew as of 2007 how to utilize chargeback data to understand where pills were going after they were shipped to Mallinckrodt customers, correct?

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you a copy of what will be marked as Harper Exhibit 23. And for the record, this document ends in Bates 421850. And this is an e-mail chain from the July 21, 2000 time period regarding Mallinckrodt suspicious order monitoring and the Harvard Drug license suspension. Do you see that?

Q. Sure.

Q. Absolutely. And my questions will relate to just the first page of this e-mail.

Q. Okay. On July 21, 2010, Mr. Ratliff asks you whether or not, quote, "As an aside, are we capable of knowing our customers' customers with any specificity?" end quote. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And you respond that same day that -- well, why don't you read the first sentence of that e-mail response.

Q. Okay. And do you have any reason to doubt that you in fact sent that e-mail to Mr. Ratliff on July 21, 2010?

Q. And so it's accurate to state that as of July 2010, you understood that you could utilize chargeback data to understand with great specificity knowledge of your customer's customer; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. So just so the record is clear, yes or no: Is it accurate to state that as of July 2010, you understood that you could utilize chargeback data to understand with great specificity where -- where your pills were going after you shipped to the distributor?

Q. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY

Q. This is a copy of what will be marked as Harper Exhibit 24. And this ends, for the record, ends in Bates 280607. And this appears to be a November 1, 2010 letter that you send to Paul Kleissle, correct?

Q. And you'll see later on there's the signature block of you on the second page.

Q. And is it accurate to say that you're sending him this correspondence on November 1, 2010, to describe to him what you can utilize based on the chargeback information that you are -- that you have been reviewing in that 2010 time period?

Q. Okay. That's all I have on that document. Now, in connection with running chargeback reports, is it also accurate to say that indirect match reports were reports that you asked to be run to understand the downstream details of a transaction?

Q. Okay. How about -- let's -- I'm sorry, let's go back to that document then that we just set aside.

Q. And in the first sentence of this correspondence to Mr. Kleissle, you ask -- or you indicate, "In an ongoing effort to enhance our existing suspicious order monitoring program and in accordance with 21 CFR 1301.74, Mallinckrodt has begun the process of reviewing sales to indirect end user customers, open parens, retail pharmacies, close parens, but geographic region. This analysis is accomplished by a review of chargeback data." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And understanding that you don't recall the use of the word "indirect match report," you at least in this correspondence refer to retail pharmacies as indirect end user customers, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you recall a time in which -- and you state to Mr. Kleissle that you can do this and accomplish this by reviewing chargeback data, correct?

Q. Okay. And so do you recall a time in which you had asked for reports to be run on indirect end user customers?

Q. Okay. And these -- you can set that aside. And in these reports -- you ran certain reports or had asked certain reports to be run in connection with certain customers that you were shipping drugs to, including Harvard, for example, correct?

Q. By the way, when asking others to run reports about indirect end users, did you have a name for these reports, or did you call them by a specific moniker?

Q. Okay.

Q. So that's helpful. So you -- is it accurate to say that identification of pills that end up -- end up at retail pharmacies was accomplished through running chargeback reports?

Q. Okay. And you performed chargeback reports in connection with various distributors that had their license suspended by the DEA, including Harvard, for example, correct?

Q. Okay. And also Masters and Sunrise and Cedardale?

Q. Okay. Did you also run chargeback reports for customers of KeySource?

Q. Okay. So is it fair to say that you had chargeback reports run for customers of KeySource, Cedardale, Masters, Sunrise and Harvard?

Q. And this was all in the 2009 to 2010 time period?

Q. Okay.

Q. Generally speaking, was it -- do you recall these reports being run in the 2009 through 2011 time period?

Q. Okay. Now, the chargeback reports you could distinguish by Mallinckrodt drug, correct?

Q. In other words, you could determine -- you could sort by all oxy 15s or 30s that Mallinckrodt was sending to a particular customer, correct?

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as Exhibit 25. And I will represent to counsel and for the record that this is a demonstrative chart that we have prepared based on chargeback data that you had pulled for Harvard. And we can refer to it in a moment, but again, to be clear, you had run chargeback reports in connection with customers of Harvard Drug, correct?

Q. And do you recall who you had perform that analysis?

Q. Either Ms. Spaulding or Ms Rowley-Kilper?

Q. Ms. Neely, okay. Now, I‘11 represent for the record that this is a surmary of the chargeback information that appears on that report. And if you look at the bottom row total, there appears to be 12,487 total orders recorded in which Harvard Drug sold controlled substances. Do you see that?

Q. So 1‘11 represent to you for the record that the chargeback data that you had run for Harvard Drug reported that there were 12,000 -- a total of 12,487 transactions.

Q. Now, I'll represent to you that this Bates number -- or this document reflects that Harvard Drug was doing business as First Veterinary Supply. Do you recall ever being made aware of certain transactions or pills that were being sent to a First Veterinary Supply?

Q. Okay. Would you agree with me that sending pills to a -- prescription opioids to a veterinarian clinic would be suspicious or potentially suspicious?

Q. Okay. Do you recall shipping prescription opioids to vet clinics?

Q. Okay. Harvard Drug -- do you recall when Harvard Drug had its license suspended by the DEA?

Q. Okay. And they had their license suspended because of diversion of pills -- diversion of pills by certain customers that they sold to, correct?

Q. Okay. And would you agree with me that First Vet Supply is not a physician or a pain clinic?

Q. I believe that to be the case, actually.

Q. Okay. Setting aside the name, did you understand that a large percentage of drugs sold by Harvard Drug were going to Florida? And in particular, I direct you to the percentages that appear in the middle of the screen that show Florida percentage.

Q. Okay. But if you look at Florida percent POs -- do you see that?

Q. Okay. And is that -- in the chargeback data, you had been able to determine what percentage of purchase orders went to Florida, correct?

Q. You did not?

Q. Okay. Wasn't it the case that through the chargeback data you knew you could understand, as we discussed earlier, where the pills that you sold to the distributors were going?

Q. Okay. So it's your understanding that this is just -- well, Harvard Drug, do you know where they were located?

Q. Okay. I think they were in Michigan, but somewhere in the Midwest.

Q. So you're saying that this is the percentage of initial pills that go to the distributor?

Q. Okay. Turn to the second page of this document. And so these -- these columns, by the way, are taken straight from the -- I'll represent to you that they're taken straight from the chargeback reports that are reflected by this Bates number. And if you see on the far right-hand side above the oxy 15 and oxy 30 sections, do you see the reference to UOM?

Q. And what's your understanding of UOM?

Q. Okay. And would that actually be synonymous with, for example, a pill?

Q. So that's the actual amount of pills that are being shipped for that particular order, correct?

Q. Yeah, fair enough. And on the -- on this document there's an indication also of Florida percentage sales, quantity government UOM. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall that particular data field in the chargeback information?

Q. Okay. And so does that reflect the percentage of pills that went to downstream customers of Mallinckrodt?

Q. In other words -- let me ask it

Q. Okay. So you'll see that the summary indicates below that from the fourth quarter 2008 through the second quarter of 2010, that at least with respect to oxy 15s, 90.5 percent of Mallinckrodt pills that were sold to Harvard ended up in Florida. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And likewise with respect to oxy 30s during that same time period, 88 percent ended up in Florida, correct?

Q. Okay. Was it suspicious to you at the time that such a disproportionate percentage of pills were ending up in Florida?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. No. Yes, this is -- this is data based on chargeback reports that were requested at the direction of you, correct.

Q. Okay. That wasn't my question.

Q. I'll represent to you that these chargeback reports were run in connection with your investigation of where your pills were going. So my question to you simply is: Were you aware at the time -- or is it suspicious -- separate and apart from the process of running this report --

Q. -- is it suspicious to you that 90 percent of all pills that you shipped to Harvard Drug end up going to Florida?

Q. Okay. Thank you for waiting.

Q. And based on this review of Harvard chargeback information, did you also conclude that Harvard's suspicious order monitoring system was inadequate?

Q. Well, I would say separate and apart from these numbers --

Q. -- did you review chargeback data to make the determination of whether or not Harvard's suspicious order monitoring system was effective?

Q. Okay. Do you recall a period of time, or do you recall ever reviewing the suspicious order monitoring systems of your distributors?

Q. Yes.

Q. Correct.

Q. In other words, Mallinckrodt was the registrant in the CSA that had duties to maintain effective controls against diversion, but so too were distributors as well, correct?

Q. So distributors like both Harvard or Sunrise, including the major distributors like ABC, McKesson and Cardinal, all had duties to maintain effective controls against diversion, correct?

Q. And all these registrants had duties to implement and design an effective suspicious order monitoring program, correct?

Q. And was there a period of time in which Mallinckrodt decided to perform an audit or a review of your distributors' SOM programs?

Q. And during that review and based on that review, did you make determinations as to whether or not you would continue to ship to certain distributors?

Q. And one of the reasons for which you decided to stop shipping to certain distributors was as a result of pulling chargeback information in which you could identify details of where your pills were going after you shipped them to the distributor, correct?

Q. Okay. And some of this chargeback data, by the way, some of the chargeback information was provided to you by certain distributors, correct?

Q. Okay. In 2010 you performed -- at some point in 2010 you performed some audits of your distributors, correct?

Q. And you recall that these audit -- in these audits you actually went to the -- your customer and visited some of their facilities?

Q. And you went to -- I believe you performed on-site audits of at least Masters and KeySource; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And these -- what was the purpose of performing these on-site audits?

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as Harper Exhibit 26. And for the record, this is -- ends in Bates 48430. I just have some general questions about this, so feel free to consult the document if you need to. But I just want to know whether or not this reflects the written report of your on-site audit to Masters as of December 7, 2010?

Q. And so as you described, one of the purposes of performing this audit was to review Masters' suspicious order monitoring system; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And do you recall actually going out to Masters Pharmaceutical located in Cincinnati, Ohio?

Q. And you went there with Mr Ratliff, correct?

Q. And at the time you 一一 there was some certain with respect to Masters Pharmaceutical activities, and so that prompted the need for you and Mr. Ratliff to go visit; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And by the way, Masters Pharmaceutical also had its license suspended by the DEA at some point, correct?

Q. Okay． Ⅰ believe that was 2014, but it related -- is it consistent with your understanding that it related to activities regarding their distribution of prescription opioids in the 2008 through 2014 time period?

Q. Okay. Was there ever a time when you ceased or put a temporary hold on shipping orders to Masters?

Q. And that occurred at some point in the late 2010 time period, right?

Q. And after this review, it was determined that they were -- it was sufficient to resume shipments to Masters; is that fair to say?

Q. Or did you -- at the time you ceased sending shipments to Masters in late 2010, did you ever resume shipments to Masters?

Q. Okay.

Q. Fair enough. And in addition to the on-site audit of Masters, you had done an on-site audit of KeySource as well, correct?

Q. Do you recall any other on-site audits that you were -- you participated in?

Q. Got it. So other than on-site audits performed of Cedardale, KeySource, Sunrise and Masters, are you aware of any other on-site audits that the SOM team conducted?

Q. From in the 2009 through 2012 time period.

Q. Okay. Which additional on-site audits did you perform?

Q. And again, the purpose of these on-site audits was to, among other things, examine and understand their SOM program?

Q. Okay. Now, turning to -- you can set that aside, and I'm going to hand you

Q. Okay. And now, you had testified that you ceased shipments to Masters at the end of 2010; is that correct?

Q. But despite -- well, you stopped shipping to them, but you are still undergoing a review of their SOM program; is that correct?

Q. At their request. Okay. And on -- this culminates in a letter on September 21, 2011, from you to Mr. Corona, who I believe is the president of Masters Pharmaceutical. Is that consistent with your understanding?

Q. Okay. And you indicate that, among other things, "We are not comfortable that your suspicious order monitoring program is robust enough to identify suspicious orders of controlled substances to ensure that the products are being used for legitimate medicinal purposes." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And you continue that "As parted of our SOM and through evaluation of customer buying patterns and chargeback data, we have identified unusual purchasing patterns by some of your customers for oxycodone 15-milligram and 30-milligram tablets." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So this is an example of how you have utilized chargeback data that Mallinckrodt can acquire to identify certain customer buying patterns, among other things, correct?

Q. And also to identify unusual purchasing patterns by some of Masters' customers, correct?

Q. Okay. And based on that review, you indicate that you are not prepared, Mallinckrodt is not prepared, to resume sales of controlled substances, correct?

Q. Okay. So you've done an analysis of their SOM program, and you conclude that Mallinckrodt is not comfortable making any sales to them?

Q. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY

Q. And I'm going to hand you a copy of what'll be marked as Harper Exhibit 28. And for the record, this ends in Bates 289368. Does this letter look familiar to you, Ms. Harper?

Q. And this is -- in your ongoing review of chargeback data, you are able to identify through this letter that you send to your customers a series of pharmacies that your customers ship to that you will not be processing chargeback requests for; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And just so I understand this document and just so the record is clear, I understand you sent this same letter to all 43 wholesale distributors of Mallinckrodt as of October 17, 2011, correct?

Q. And so these were all your customers that you shipped Mallinckrodt opioids to, correct, during this time period?

Q. Okay. So 40 -- there were 43 wholesale distributors as of October 17, 2011, that you had previously done business with that was -- that you had shipped oxy 15s and oxy 30s to, correct?

Q. Okay. Thank you for the clarification.

Q. So then is it fair to say that these 43 wholesalers and distributors constituted all the wholesaler distributors that Mallinckrodt did business with in terms of shipping prescription opioids to?

Q. Okay. And as we just discussed

Q. Okay. And so you're not necessarily saying here that these pharmacies need to be placed on any kind of do not ship list. You're simply telling these distributors that you're not going to process any chargeback requests related to these particular pharmacies, correct?

Q. Okay. And by the way, going back to the first paragraph of this correspondence, you indicate to your customers at the end of the first paragraph that, quote, "As a DEA registrant, Mallinckrodt, LLC, a Covidien company, Mallinckrodt, has developed and maintains a comprehensive program that includes review of customer orders, IMS data and chargeback information and, where appropriate, subsequent audits of distributors' suspicious order monitoring programs," end quote. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So we discussed the concept of Mallinckrodt doing audits of your customers' SOM programs. I want to understand to what extent you actually utilize IMS data to make certain determinations as well.

Q. Okay. And when do you recall first utilizing the IMS data in connection with this review of prescriber-level information?

Q. Okay. Are you currently utilizing IMS data in connection with your suspicious order monitoring system?

Q. Okay. Other than for purposes of sending out this letter to make distributors aware that chargeback requests will not be honored, do you recall ever utilizing IMS data in connection with SOM activities?

Q. You can -- I'd actually ask that you keep that document in front of you, but just probably you can refer to the back because I want to ask you some questions about these pharmacies.

Q. So I'm going to hand you a copy of what will be marked as Harper Exhibit 29.

Q. And for the record, this document ends in Bates 32384 and is an e-mail from Wayne Corona at Masters to you, dated October 10 -- 20, 2011. Do you recall this e-mail?

Q. Okay. This is Masters' response to the letter that you had sent to them that we just previously discussed that reflects Exhibit 28; is that correc七?

Q. Okay. And in that separate letter, you were identifying I believe I ’ye seen that, but in that separate letter you identify these same pharmacies; is that correct?

Q. So at some point before this e-mail, you had obviously indicated to Masters that there were certain pharmacies that you weren't going to honor chargebacks to, correct?

Q. And I assume that there was a separate e-mail sent to Masters, because at the time you weren't doing business with them?

Q. Okay.

Q. Sure. Fair enough. In any event, Mr. Corona, who -- it does appear in the end of this e-mail that he is the president of Masters Pharmaceutical. Do you see that? I've highlighted it.

Q. So you had sent some correspondence to Jennifer Seiple at Masters, and you had identified these pharmacies that appear in attachment 1, correct?

Q. Okay. And he responds that "As you can see, the dates of termination predate your notification." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So is it accurate to say that what he's trying to tell you is that for each one of these pharmacies that you have identified as being problematic, he has indicated that Masters has already placed them on Masters' termination list; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And for several of these pharmacies, Masters had placed these pharmacies on the termination list approximately one year prior to you notifying Masters of these problematic pharmacies; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. Now, he goes on to say -- and I recall earlier when we discussed how you had indicated to Masters that they had an inadequate SOM program.

Q. Okay. And he responds, quote, "In your last two letters to Masters, you have judged our SOMs to be inadequately robust, yet somehow we identified these accounts well before you, exclamation point." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So, again, is it accurate to state that Masters had identified one -- at least one year prior, in some instances, some pharmacies that were deemed to be problematic, sufficient to place them on their termination list before you were able to make that same determination?

Q. Okay. And earlier we had -- you had testified that one of the reasons why you had audited Masters was to review their SOM program, correct?

Q. Okay. And yet through your review, you were unable to determine which pharmacies they placed on their termination list, correct?

Q. Okay. Isn't that reflective of an inadequate audit on the part of Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Do you feel that had you asked Masters the simple question of which pharmacies they had placed on their do not ship list, you would have also understood that these pharmacies were problematic?

Q. Okay. Do you agree with me that had you asked that question in your audit, you would have learned that these pharmacies were problematic?

Q. Okay. Regardless of whether or not they provided the listing --

Q. -- the purpose of your audit in late 2010 was to understand Masters' SOM program, was it not?

Q. And you were doing an independent review?

Q. Right. And in connection with that review, did you ever ask them whether or not they had placed certain pharmacies on their do not ship list?

Q. Okay. Had you asked that question, you would have certainly learned this information, correct?

Q. Okay. Sitting here today, is it reflective of an adequate audit if you didn't ask Masters whether or not they had any pharmacies on their termination list?

Q. So to be clear, not asking them whether or not they had pharmacies on their termination list is indicative of an inadequate audit, correct?

Q. Sorry, I have a bad habit of that. So not asking Masters whether or not they had pharmacies on their termination list is indicative of an inadequate audit, correct?

Q. You do not agree. Had you simply asked Masters whether or not certain pharmacies appeared on their do not ship list, you would have learned that certain pharmacies did in fact appear on that list, correct?

Q. Okay. But you don't recall ever asking that question?

Q. Okay. Certainly if you had asked that question, you would have been able to determine whether or not certain pharmacies appeared on their do not ship list, correct?

Q. Okay. Is it fair to say that Masters identified problematic pharmacies before you had identified them in your October 17, 2011 correspondence to them?

Q. Okay. Do you -- had you had the information -- let's take Gulf Coast, for example. Do you see that -- by the way, do you recall Gulf Coast medical pharmacy?

Q. They were -- I believe that they were the subject of a DEA indictment, and they were a particularly problematic customer. But regardless, in -- as of October 28, 2010, Masters had placed Gulf Coast on their termination list, correct?

Q. And sitting here today, would you agree with me that if you had shipped pills to distributors that sold eventually to Gulf Coast after October 20, 2010, that would have been a problem, correct?

Q. Certainly I understand that you may not have been aware of it, but is it -- is it reflective of an effective SOM program if you ship orders to a pharmacy that you know appear on your customer's termination list?

Q. Okay. So that's helpful. So -- I thank you for that clarification. So to be clear, if you obtain knowledge from a customer that they have placed a particularly pharmacy -- particular pharmacy on their do not ship list, you also would no longer honor chargeback requests from that particular distributor as it relates to pills shipped to that pharmacy, correct?

Q. And it would have also been problematic to do so, right, because that particular pharmacy for a variety of reasons would have certain red flags, correct?

Q. And potentially that pharmacy would be engaged in diversion of prescription opioids, correct?

Q. Okay. And so for each one of these pharmacies that are listed here that predate your correspondence on October 17th, you would agree with me that had you known from Masters that they were placed on their termination list, you would have also agreed that these pharmacies were problematic?

Q. Okay. And shipping orders -- and I understand you don't believe you knew at the time, but shipping orders to these pharmacies after they were placed on a termination list would not be indicative of an effective SOM program, correct?

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's being marked as Harper Exhibit 30. And for the record, this is a demonstrative based on chargeback information produced to us. And to be clear, it's not any copy provided by your counsel or by Mallinckrodt but something that we have prepared. So Brooks Pharmacy was a pharmacy that appeared on your letter to all distributors, correct?

Q. Including to Masters, correct?

Q. And Masters had indicated to you that they had already placed Brooks on their termination list as of October 4, 2010, correct?

Q. Okay. Based on this chart, it appears that several hundred thousand pills nevertheless shipped to Brooks Pharmacy from the period between October 4, 2010, and October 17, 2011, based on chargeback data that has been provided to us. Do you see that?

Q. Those are total pills.

Q. Dosage units.

Q. So hundreds of thousands of dosage units/pills are delivered to Brooks Pharmacy through Cardinal between October 4, 2010, and October 17, 2011, correct?

Q. You can answer the question. She's just lodging her objection for the record.

Q. And again, had you asked Masters which pharmacies appeared on their termination list, you would have understood that Masters put Brooks Pharmacy on their do not ship list as of October 4, 2010, correct?

Q. Now -- but we had spoken about an audit before, but you performed an on-site audit of Masters, correct?

Q. And that on-site audit was all day, I believe?

Q. Okay. And again, sitting here today, do you believe that shipments made to

Q. Yes.

Q. Okay. But you had the ability, and as reflected by this chargeback data that you had acquired, you had the ability to understand where your -- the details of where your pills were going after you shipped them to the distributor, correct?

Q. Okay. And by the way, as we discussed before, you did an audit of Cardinal's SOM program as well, correct?

Q. And so would you agree that Cardinal could have asked the same question as well?

Q. Sure. Fair enough. Regardless, is it accurate to state, assuming that these numbers are true, that Mallinckrodt shipped hundreds of thousands of pills to customers, including Cardinal, that eventually shipped to Brooks Pharmacy after they were placed on the termination list by Masters?

Q. Okay. Set that aside. QUESTIONS BY

Q. I'm going to hand you just another quick copy of some data we were able to pull from the chargeback information produced by your counsel, and that is -- I'm sorry. I'm handing you a copy of what will be marked as Harper Exhibit 31.

Q. So here, I'll -- this is similar to Exhibit 30. This is a chart that shows pills that were shipped to Island Drug by your customers from the January 2010 to September 2011 time period. And in particular, there is again -- on the left-hand side the numbers are reflective of dosage units --

Q. -- slash pills. And it appears that based on the chargeback data that you had access to, Mallinckrodt had shipped to distributors that shipped to Island Drug in the June 3, 2010, through October 17, 2011 time period, correct?

Q. Okay. And similar to Brooks Pharmacy, would you agree with me that shipping drugs to customers who shipped to Island Drug after they appeared on a termination list would be indicative of an inadequate SOM program?

Q. You would not.

Q. Okay. You had -- as we discussed before, you had access to this chargeback data, correct?

Q. Okay. And you also performed an on-site audit of Masters, correct?

Q. And so assuming you had asked them the question of whether or not Masters had placed Island Drug on their do not ship list, would you agree with me that it would be indicative of an inadequate SOM program if you continued to ship drugs to customers who shipped to Island Drug?

Q. And you would have also -- you would have also determined that you should stop shipping orders to customers that sell to that particular pharmacy as well, correct?

Q. Okay. You would recommend to -- one of the reasons why you would not honor the chargeback request is to notify the distributor that you would not be paying them the difference between the amount that they agreed upon with you and the subsequent price that they're receiving for the drug in the downstream transaction, correct?

Q. Okay. So it would -- in other words, it would alert the distributor -- it would alert the distributor to the possibility that that particular pharmacy was problematic, correct?

Q. Okay. Thank you again, Ms. Harper. As the court reporter indicated, we have about approximately 25 minutes, and I appreciate your patience thus far today. Going back to our discussion about Harvard, putting aside the details of how that chart was created or the information that you had requested through chargeback reports, sitting here today, you weren't aware that Harvard Drug had sent, on 12,486 occasions, oxy 15 and 30 to pain clinics, pharmacies and medical doctors; is that accurate?

Q. Let's take you weren't aware at the time.

Q. All right. And you weren't aware of the total amount of oxy 15 and oxy 30 pills they sent to end users, including pain clinics and pharmacies, correct?

Q. And I'll represent to you it was before their license was suspended. And I am just simply asking --

Q. -- whether or not at any point in time you became aware of how many orders of oxy 15 or oxy 30s they had sent to pain clinics, pharmacies or medical doctors.

Q. At any time.

Q. Anywhere.

Q. No, that's okay.

Q. No, it's okay. Sitting here today, would you agree with me that it would be suspicious for Harvard Drug to sell oxy 15s and oxy 30s to pain clinics, pharmacies and medical doctors through a veterinary supply company?

Q. Sure. As a general matter, do you recall any instances in which you sold prescription opioids to vet companies?

Q. Okay. And what -- which instance was that, and when did that occur?

Q. Are you aware of any legitimate medical reason for Mallinckrodt to ship pills to veterinary clinics? And by "pills" I mean particularly prescription opioids.

Q. Would you agree with me that that would be a rare occurrence?

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as Exhibit 32. And for the record, this is -- ends in Bates 269399. Ms. Harper, do you recognize this memo from Howard Davis to you dated November 2, 2010?

Q. Okay. And Howard Davis, as we had discussed before, was a consultant you had retained in connection with your SOM program; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And Howard Davis was ex-DEA?

Q. And I believe he was, in particular, a DRM. Do I understand --

Q. Sorry, a DPM?

Q. Do I understand correctly?

Q. And what does DPM stand for?

Q. Okay. And he had spent some amount of years at the DEA as a DPM, correct? And I believe in Atlanta?

Q. Okay. So before -- are you saying before he went to DEA, he was an employee of Mallinckrodt?

Q. I see. So this is in connection with -- this is when he was at DEA, correct?

Q. Okay. And at some point in the 2010 time period, Mallinckrodt retained Mr. Davis, correct?

Q. And they retained him specifically to examine the then existing suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Okay. And so I know he was retained for a brief period of time, but do you recall how long his engagement lasted?

Q. Okay. Now, this memo, is it accurate to describe it is his overview of the suspicious order monitoring program based on his review? Is that fair to say?

Q. Okay.

Q. And the procedure is consistent with the formal documents we were referring to earlier that you were in charge of drafting that outlined the policies and procedures Mallinckrodt would follow to identify potentially suspicious orders, correct?

Q. Okay. And in his review of this particular draft of the suspicious order monitoring program -- actually, let's take a step back. During the time that you were drafting and revising these policies, you had previously testified that you were still utilizing a suspicious order monitoring program, correct?

Q. And with the suspicious order monitoring program being utilized during a particular time period between 2008 and 2012, would it be reflective of a draft policy that you are writing or would it be reflective of some other policy?

Q. Right. Okay. And that's helpful. So as you prepared drafts, whatever operative draft that you were working on at the time was also the policy that you would follow with respect to Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring obligations, correct?

Q. Okay. Now, he -- Mr. Davis reports to you, as we had discussed before, his evaluation of Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program at the time. And in particular, I want to focus on the portion in which he says, quote, "Federal Register Notices published as early as 2007, 72 Federal Register 36487, state specifically that using formulas that rely on percentages or averages over time has been determined, by the DEA, to be insufficient." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And the Federal Register that he's referring to that's been published as early as 2007, I believe that's also reference to the Southwood notice; is that correct?

Q. Okay.

Q. Setting aside which particular Federal Register that refers to, he reports to you as of November 2, 2010, that it is in fact his belief that a suspicious order monitoring program that uses formulas to rely on percentages or averages over time would be insufficient, correct?

Q. Okay. He goes on to state that "an order must not be processed and filled if it is either suspicious or excessive." Do you see that?

Q. "The existing SOP excels to meet this requirement through a specific evaluation process; however, the numeric formula is problematic. For example, should an occasion arise where an order is three times over the historical average for that customer in item, or in a situation where the order meets but does not exceed the 3X criteria, it would theoretically be filled through normal processing without further question. In doing so, in certain cases and as noted in recent immediate suspensions of other large-scale DEA registrants, which are all a matter of public record, Mallinckrodt would be unnecessarily exposing itself to potential liability." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And the 3X criteria that he's referring to here is the 3X metric that we had discussed before, correct?

Q. Okay. And is it accurate to say that as of November 2, 2010, he is expressing the view that reliance on a numeric formula such as a 3X criteria could potentially expose Mallinckrodt to a liability? Correct?

Q. And in fact, in an example we went over -- or an e-mail we went over earlier today, we discussed the fact that Mallinckrodt's 2X or 3X formula with respect to Harvard or Sunrise did not necessarily trigger a suspicious order, correct? Because those orders did not -- were not triggered as a result of the peculiar order system in place, correct?

Q. Okay. And so it's safe to say that prior to the date of this memorandum there were, in fact, instances in which you later discovered that you may have been shipping certain suspicious orders to distributors because you were utilizing this peculiar order algorithm?

Q. Sure. Let me try --

Q. -- again. Prior to November 2, 2010 --

Q. -- it's safe to say that there were instances in which you later discovered that you have -- you were shipping suspicious orders to distributors because you were utilizing a 2X or 3X peculiar order algorithm?

Q. I'm just simply asking whether or not you determined that there were instances, prior to 2000 -- November 2, 2010, in which you discovered that you were shipping suspicious orders based on a peculiar order algorithm that was in place at that time.

Q. Right. And I -- I see where the confusion is, because I'm putting a label on

Q. In the e-mail that you had drafted to Eileen Spaulding that we went over earlier today in which you said that no orders -- no peculiar orders had risen to the level of suspicious, you also -- do you recall also referencing Harvard and Sunrise?

Q. And you specifically reference Harvard and Sunrise because you are saying that those were instances in which the peculiar order algorithm did not flag orders to them that were potentially suspicious. Is that accurate to say?

Q. Okay. And so applied to this memorandum, I am asking you to confirm that prior to November 2, 2010, there were in fact instances in which you shipped potentially suspicious orders because you were utilizing

Q. For what time period?

Q. Okay. So your testimony here today is that you believe Mallinckrodt has never shipped a suspicious order?

Q. Okay. And that's notwithstanding the settlement that Mallinckrodt had entered into with the DOJ regarding its suspicious order monitoring activities?

Q. Okay. And that's notwithstanding the fact that the DOJ has alleged, and Mallinckrodt has in fact admitted in the DOJ agreement, that at certain points in time in 2008 through 2012 Mallinckrodt did not have an adequate suspicious order monitoring system?

Q. I guess what I'm trying to ask you is, I understand that -- well, let's take

Q. So at least there were somewhere north of one but south of ten suspicious orders reported to the DEA?

Q. So that's more than the "none" you just indicated to me; is that not accurate?

Q. I see.

Q. Got it． Understood. So from is it your testimony today that from 2008 to present, Mallinckrodt has not shipped a single suspicious order?

Q. Okay. Let's take you can set that aside. I hand you a copy of what will be marked as Harper Exhibit 33.

Q. Do you recognize that e-mail, Ms Harper?

Q. Sure.

Q. In terms of the September 9, 2010 e-mail that you drafted to James Parker, do you have any reason to doubt that you sent that?

Q. And who is James Parker?

Q. Okay. Was he in senior management?

Q. Okay. And there's a reference to Tom Berry as well, and that was at one point your direct report, as you indicated previously, correct?

Q. Okay. And you indicate in this e-mail -- the title of the e-mail is "DEA mandated a suspicious order monitoring program"; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And you indicate, among other -- well, you say, "Jim, I am working on obtaining the number relating to potential lost business and have assembled some documentation around actual fines imposed for regulatory noncompliance. I will work on the chart and will have all of the above ready by this weekend." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And then there's a portion that's redacted, and then you go on to state, "I don't ever want to be perceived as a person who cried wolf by asking for a presentation to the larger group and welcome your feedback."

Q. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And again, the subject of this e-mail is the SOM program. Is it accurate to say that you are at this point asking Jim, or James, for a presentation to a larger group about Mallinckrodt's SOM program?

Q. Sure.

Q. Okay. And I'll ask you a few questions about the previous e-mails.

Q. But do you recall what you are referring to by the "presentation to the larger group"?

Q. Okay.

Q. And when you are suggesting -- at the beginning of this e-mail when you are saying you are working on the number relating to potential lost business, are you referring to the potential lost business of Mallinckrodt -- well, strike that. What are you referring to when you're referring to the potential lost business?

Q. And regulatory noncompliance with the CSA, correct?

Q. Okay. And potential lost business, are you referring to the potential lost business from continuing to do business with your distributors to distribute prescription opioids?

Q. Okay. And so in effect, you're doing -- you're asking -- or you are being asked to do some sort of burden/benefit analysis with respect to a more enhanced SOM program relative to the value of the business that Mallinckrodt has in distributing prescription opioids to its distributors. Is that accurate to say?

Q. Okay. That's all the questions I have on that. Unfortunately, I just only have one copy of this, so you will be the lucky one to get it. But this is a copy of the settlement agreement, the memorandum of understanding between Mallinckrodt and the DOJ, and it's previously been marked as Ratliff Exhibit 41. Does this document look familiar to you?

Q. And I'd ask that you turn to the --

Q. I just want to ask you to turn to Section 4 --

Q. -- of the agreement entitled "Admission of Responsibility."

Q. Sorry, acceptance of responsibility. Thank you.

Q. Do you see that section?

Q. And I know that earlier we had been discussing some specific language, and certainly didn't expect you to remember specifically what was included. But in that section, there is reference made that during the covered time period certain aspects of Mallinckrodt's systems to monitor and detect suspicious orders did not meet the standards outlined in the DEA letters provided to you in 2006 and 2007. Is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And do you -- sitting here today, do you agree with that admission?

Q. Okay. And the covered time period, by the way, just so the record is clear -- and you can take a look at the document if you'd like. But the covered time period for the settlement agreement is from January 1, 2008, through January 1, 2012, correct?

Q. Okay. So the covered time period -- and I believe there's --

Q. No, it's okay. It's not your fault. I should have more -- more copies. So there is a definition of the covered time period in this agreement.

Q. And you can take a look at the document, but I believe if my memory serves me correct, that the covered time period begins from January 1, 2008, through the date of the signing of that agreement.

Q. Right.

Q. And so I just want to make sure the record is clear. So for purposes of the Section 4 that we were looking at -- we were just looking at the admission of responsibility?

Q. -- there is reference made to the covered -- from the covered time period to January 1, 2012, correct?

Q. And so the covered time period begins on January 1, 2008, correct?

Q. Okay. So --

Q. A lot of flipping back and forth. But just so the record is clear, the admission of responsibility is that Mallinckrodt agrees that at certain times from between January 1, 2008, through January 1, 2012, certain aspects of Mallinckrodt's system to monitor and detect suspicious orders did not meet the standards set forth in the DEA guidance letters, correct?

Q. Okay. And you would agree with that statement, correct?

Q. Okay. Ms. Harper, we're back after a break. My name is Tricia Herzfeld, and I'm an attorney representing the Tennessee plaintiffs. Do you know anything about the Tennessee litigation?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Ms. Harper, have you ever been to Tennessee?

Q. Okay. And have you been for business?

Q. Okay. And how many times?

Q. Okay. And when were those two times?

Q. Do you recall roughly what years?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And when you were at FedEx, what was the purpose of that?

Q. Okay. And did you find anything deficient in observing that?

Q. And the small distributor that you observed, that was during your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And do you recall who else was at that meeting?

Q. Okay. And it was a distributor, not a pharmacy?

Q. Okay. And do you recall finding anything deficient with the operations of that distributor?

Q. Okay. And would there be documentation someplace of that trip that you took with Mr. Ratliff?

Q. Okay. And do you know perhaps if it was after the year 2005?

Q. Okay. Do you think maybe it was more recently than 2010?

Q. Okay. So sometime between 2010 and -- do you think it was in the last three or four years?

Q. Okay. So maybe sometime between 2010 and 2015?

Q. Okay. Great. Okay. And those are the only two times you've been to Tennessee for business; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Have you been for pleasure?

Q. Okay. Do you have any family or relatives in Tennessee?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay.

Q. That's okay. Were you driving somewhere?

Q. Okay. And when you say you were coming from Gulf Shores, you meant from Gulf Shores back here to St. Louis?

Q. Okay. Did you get to see anything when you were in Memphis?

Q. Okay. And do you have any friends that live in Tennessee?

Q. Okay. And you said earlier that you were aware of the opioid epidemic in this country. Do you recall that testimony?

Q. Okay. And are you aware of any particular regions of the country where the opioid epidemic seems to have hit harder than others?

Q. Okay. Okay. And I think you had already testified that you knew that pills were going from Florida to other states; is that correct, ma'am?

Q. Okay. And was -- did you understand Tennessee to be one of those states where pills were going from Florida to Tennessee?

Q. Okay. And did you understand that when those pills were going from Florida to Tennessee, that they were ending up in the illegal drug market in Tennessee?

Q. Okay. And you said before that you'd heard of the Oxy Express. Do you know if that could have been highway I-75 that goes from Florida to Ohio?

Q. Okay. That's okay. The highway that is the Oxy Express, do you know if it goes through Tennessee?

Q. Okay. Okay. And have you ever had any communication with any law enforcement in Tennessee?

Q. Okay. And can you tell me roughly how many times?

Q. Okay. And what was the time?

Q. Okay. And do you recall who it is you were speaking with?

Q. Okay. I'm going to show you what we're going to have marked here as Exhibit 34, which we're going to late file with an e-mail.

Q. Okay. And I am going to turn this around so you can just read it yourself --

Q. It's just --

Q. Oh, very good. And if you want to read down, you can just use your finger, just, you know.

Q. Okay. Great. And you received this e-mail from Bill Ratliff on Wednesday, July 8, 2009; is that correct?

Q. July 7th. Okay.

Q. And does this e-mail describe a communication that Mr. Ratliff had received from an Officer Dwayne Collins in Morristown talking about pills going from -- being found in an illegal drug transaction in Tennessee that were traced to Florida?

Q. Okay. And just for the record, this is a three-page document that is labeled MNK INSTA05123927. Okay. Great. Now we're done with that complicated moment. Okay. And did you personally speak to Officer Dwayne Collins; do you recall?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And once you turned it over to Mr. Ratliff, did you have any further involvement with that situation?

Q. Okay. And what was your involvement?

Q. Okay. And is there any other involvement that you had with the situation in Morristown?

Q. Okay. And then I think you've already testified about your involvement with Sunrise today.

Q. Okay. But other than that, specifically with the Tennessee portion, you didn't have any other involvement in that?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay.

Q. And do you know -- oh, go ahead.

Q. That's okay.

Q. Okay. And so Tennessee was brought up in the context of we received this information from this individual in Morristown?

Q. Okay. And the chargeback reports that you provided to Mr. Ratliff in furtherance of his investigation in response to this Morristown e-mail, do you recall specifically what information was pulled in those chargeback reports?

Q. Okay. Do you know where I could locate those reports?

Q. Okay. Would you have e-mailed them to Mr. Ratliff?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And it would have been to you and/or Mr. Ratliff?

Q. Okay. And would it have been around that time in 2009?

Q. Okay. And the -- that's all you remember about the chargeback data? Is there anything else you remember?

Q. That's okay.

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. Sure. So when the chargeback data was pulled, do you believe that would have been in 2009?

Q. Okay. Okay. Okay. And I think you testified earlier that as part of your job, you were included on certain LISTSERVs where you received news articles?

Q. Okay. And those were the NADDI; is that right?

Q. Okay. Which is the National Association of Drug Diversion Investigators?

Q. Okay. And also RX News?

Q. Okay. And then what is Mudri and Associates?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. So those are all generally the same thing, even if they have different names?

Q. Okay. Great. And you received those reports as part of your job; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And then did Mallinckrodt take that information and then turn that into a controlled substances compliance monthly newsletter?

Q. Okay. And who was responsible for doing that?

Q. Okay. And basically in those controlled substances compliance monthly newsletters, it would summarize news articles about controlled substances?

Q. Okay. And does Mallinckrodt still receive some kind of document that aggregates news articles in that way?

Q. Google Alerts is definitely pretty easy to do, right?

Q. Okay. Do you know what words are keyed in for Google Alerts?

Q. Could you tell me, please?

Q. Okay. Thank you, ma'am. Do you know if "pill mill" is in there?

Q. Okay. And one of the things that you're monitoring is news about pill mills?

Q. Okay. And specifically pill mills that are dealing in oxycodone?

Q. Okay. And are you aware of that there are pill mills in the state of Tennessee?

Q. Okay. I can show you some of the articles if you'd like.

Q. Oh, well, I don't want to testify to it. I just need to know if you were aware from your time at Mallinckrodt --

Q. -- that there are pill mills in Tennessee.

Q. Okay. Great, ma'am. Thank you. And had you ever heard that those pill mills, some of them had popped up more after pill mills had closed in Florida?

Q. So if pill mills closed in Florida, you heard that more had popped up in Tennessee?

Q. Okay. Thank you, ma'am. QUESTIONS BY

Q. Okay. We'll mark this next exhibit as number 35. Okay. I've handed you what we've marked as Exhibit 35. For the record, it's Bates number MNK-Tl 0007185722. Okay. What I've handed you here is an e-mail that you received from Eileen Spaulding dated August 11, 2016; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And then the subject is re: Google Alert oxycodone; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And so looking down here, I'm mostly interested in -- who is Heather McKenzie?

Q. Okay. And was she working more with suspicious order monitoring or controlled substances compliance in August of 2016?

Q. Okay. And so it looks to me like Heather McKenzie set up her Google Alert to her work e-mail address and is excited that it showed up. Does that look correct?

Q. Okay. And she's e-mailing that to you. Was that a direction from you to her to set up the Google Alert?

Q. Okay. And why was that?

Q. Okay. Great. And then Eileen says, "It seems like there's an awful lot of hits here. Is this what Jen used to receive? Just make sure we set up her Google Alerts correctly for the right terms. Eileen." Do you see where it says that?

Q. Sure.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Great. And do you know if Heather does them now?

Q. Do you know who does?

Q. Who is it?

Q. And do you know his or her name?

Q. Oh, very new.

Q. Okay. Great. And in between Rochelle, has Heather had the responsibility from that point?

Q. Okay. So then Eileen says, as we just said, going back to this, it looks like basically there's a lot of hits there. Is that usual. Did you respond to her?

Q. Okay. And that's the next e-mail chain here, Thursday, August 11th, at 8:56 a.m.; is that right?

Q. Okay. And so in this e-mail you say, "The amount of hits is correct; however, important note: Not all articles require any kind of chargeback lookup whatsoever." So let's back up a little bit before we get there. So you say, "The amount is correct." Let's start with that. There are, gosh, one, two -- nine and a half, roughly, pages of Google hits here. Is that -- that's what was usual?

Q. Okay. And do you know if you normally had your team running them, the Google Alerts for oxycodone and the other key words we had talked about, once a day or once

Q. Okay. So you don't set the frequency; Google does?

Q. Okay. Okay. And so looking at this basically nine and a half pages of hits, that didn't seem unusual to you according to this e-mail?

Q. Okay. And then when you said, "Not all articles require any kind of chargeback lookup whatsoever," typically did some article require chargeback lookup?

Q. If a pharmacy was named. Okay. What about if a physician was named?

Q. Okay. And what was the period of time that you would do a chargeback lookup if a physician was named?

Q. Okay. Do you know for how long it was? Months? Years? Weeks?

Q. Okay. But you don't remember the time period when that happened?

Q. And do you know why that practice was discontinued?

Q. Can you answer the question without telling me what your lawyers told you?

Q. Okay. So I'll take it --

Q. That's okay. So when I ask, at some point did it change looking at chargeback information when the mention of doctors were in these Google hits or the Google news alerts, you're asserting attorney-client privilege to answer that question?

Q. Okay. And your attorney has advised you to assert attorney-client privilege to this question, and you're taking his advice?

Q. Okay. Okay. So there's no other way you could answer that without telling me what your attorney said?

Q. Okay. Do you know if the decision to stop monitoring physicians for chargeback data when you've gotten an alert from Google, if that happened within the past two years?

Q. Okay. Do you know if it happened in the last five years?

Q. If you can't answer it, you can't answer it. I'm just trying to figure out if it was very -- you know, at the beginning, in like 2007, or if we're talking in 2018.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Great. Okay. So going back to what we have here. So you said pharmacy would require a chargeback look. If there was a pharmacy name in Google Alert, that would require a chargeback look from your team; is that right?

Q. Okay. And if physician named, for a short period of time you did a search for physician information, if they were named?

Q. Okay. And what type of search would you do for physicians?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And you said an internal group provided you that list of physicians. What was the name of the internal group?

Q. Okay. Do you remember who was on it?

Q. Okay. Could you tell me the name?

Q. Okay. And they would provide you a list of the top prescribing oxycodone physicians within the country?

Q. Okay. And what would you do with that list?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And then if you found that person on the list of top prescribers, what, if anything, would you do?

Q. It's okay.

Q. Okay. So I just want to make sure that I'm understanding this correctly. So for a relatively short period of time, somewhere maybe around 2012 --

Q. Okay. When you'd receive a Google Alert or other information from a distributor's pharmacy or from their information about a physician, you also had a list from an internal group that was the highest prescribers of oxycodone, and you would compare the two and use those as a factor in making a determination of whether you were giving chargebacks?

Q. Okay. Paying chargebacks --

Q. -- not giving chargebacks.

Q. Okay. I just wanted to make sure I understood that. But then that practice was discontinued after a relatively short period of time?

Q. But it was -- it was stopped in, you said you thought, a matter of months, maybe a year. It wasn't something that went on for years and years?

Q. Okay. Great. Okay? And you'd also said in earlier testimony that someone from your team or you would review the Federal Register every day; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And in those Federal Register updates, there are updates to the Federal Codes of Regulations; is that right?

Q. Okay. And there are also, from time to time, updates of, for example, physicians who have been indicted; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And so would you review those Federal Register documents for physicians that had been indicted or arrested for anything involving prescription opioids?

Q. Okay. And what would you do with that information if you saw it?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. But once that -- that short-term practice ended, did you continue to do that?

Q. Okay. Okay. And when you would receive these Google Alerts and it would talk about pharmacies, would you look at the area that the pharmacy was in?

Q. Okay. And what information would you gather about the area that the pharmacy was in?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. But if it said, for example, Joe's Pharmacy in Rocky Top, Tennessee, did you go and do any research on Rocky Top, Tennessee, other than to verify that Joe's Pharmacy was in Rocky Top, Tennessee?

Q. Okay. And what would prompt you to do that?

Q. Okay. So let's finish up with your e-mail here before we move on to the next one.

Q. So it says, "Google Alerts are scanned quickly for any mention of a pharmacy name or address. If none are contained in the article, an article is about perhaps new legislation or drug takeback initiatives, then no further action is taken." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And is that true, if it was about legislation or drug takeback initiatives, you just skipped over it?

Q. Okay. Is there anything else you looked for in those Google Alerts --

Q. -- than what we've talked about?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And then Eileen writes back and says, "Okay, thank you. I didn't do much with them, as Carrie started the project and then Jen took it over and just wanted to double-check." That seems correct with your memory?

Q. Okay. And so going back to the section of the e-mail where you're talking about the amount of hits is correct?

Q. Yes. Okay. So when you respond to her about we're looking at pharmacy name and address, you don't mention physician or location, those things we just talked about. That's because that short-lived initiative had already been terminated by that point; is that right?

Q. Okay. So if a geographic area was mentioned, you would --

Q. -- but a physician at that point was not in the program?

Q. Okay. I just wanted to make sure I understood that. Thank you.

Q. You can put that aside. Have you ever heard the term "pillbillies"?

Q. Have you ever heard of the term "blues," referencing Mallinckrodt oxycodone?

Q. Okay. What do you understand it to be a term for?

Q. Okay. And do you know if that's 15 or 30s?

Q. Okay. Was there ever any discussion amongst you and your colleagues about pill mills popping up in Tennessee?

Q. Okay. And who did you have that discussion with?

Q. Okay. And when did you discuss Tennessee?

Q. Okay. Do you know how many times you discussed Tennessee?

Q. Okay. Do you know if you discussed Tennessee recently?

Q. Okay. Do you know what the substance was of the conversations about Tennessee?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Okay. I'll get back to that in just one second, the state sorting of the chargeback data.

Q. Other than sorting the chargeback data by state, do you recall any other substantive conversations about pill mills in Tennessee?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Do you recall when that DEA conference was?

Q. Okay. But you think there would have been notes on it?

Q. Okay. And do you recall what they said about Tennessee at that DEA conference?

Q. What did they say?

Q. Okay. Do you recall anything else they said about Tennessee?

Q. Okay. And other than what we've discussed, do you recall any other conversations substantively about pill mills in Tennessee?

Q. Okay. Okay. And I think I might have asked you this question before, so if I did, just tell me that I did, and I apologize for asking it before. Other than the discussion we had talked about, the communication with the officer from Morristown and you and Mr. Ratliff, have you ever communicated with any other law enforcement from Tennessee?

Q. Okay. And do you know if anyone on your team ever did?

Q. Sure.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. But do you recall any specific conversations with anyone from Tennessee?

Q. Okay. And other than that conversation with the law enforcement officer from Morristown about a specific investigation, you don't recall any communications about any other specific investigations within Tennessee that you were involved in?

Q. Okay. Or anybody from your team for that matter?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Okay. And have you ever reported any Tennessee pharmacies to Tennessee law enforcement?

Q. Okay. Or to federal law enforcement with jurisdiction over Tennessee?

Q. Okay. But other than the DEA, you didn't reach out to anybody at the US Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Tennessee or anything like that?

Q. Okay. Okay. And what about any prescribers? Did you ever report any Tennessee prescribers to any Tennessee law enforcement?

Q. Okay. What about any Tennessee prescribers to federal law enforcement?

Q. Okay. Do you know if Mallinckrodt, you were involved at Mallinckrodt, with any Tennessee pharmacies being reported to the DEA?

Q. Okay. Do you know how many Tennessee pharmacies have been put on chargeback restriction?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. I'm going to mark this as Plaintiff's Exhibit 36. It's Bates number MNK TNSTA00609639. That front page is just a placeholder. If you look at the second one, I will represent to you that we have searched the chargeback restriction database and sorted it by Tennessee. The title of the document was "Mallinckrodt chargeback restriction, underscore, reinstatement list." Are you familiar with a list that's called that?

Q. Okay. And are you responsible for creating it?

Q. Are you responsible for maintaining it?

Q. Do you have input into its creation?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And you have access to the list?

Q. Okay. Okay. So looking at this list, does it look like that is what it is, Mallinckrodt chargeback restriction and reinstatement list?

Q. And it shows one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, it looks like, eight pharmacies that are on that list. Does that look correct to you?

Q. Okay. And of that chargeback list, it looks like five were reinstated; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And if there were pharmacies that were put on chargeback restriction in Tennessee, they would appear on this list; is that right?

Q. Okay. And each one of these pharmacies that were put on chargeback restriction would have been reported to the DEA?

Q. Okay. You can set that one aside, please, ma'am. Ma'am, was someone on your team responsible for checking with the Tennessee boards of medical examiners or the Tennessee Board of Pharmacy about specific pharmacies?

Q. Okay. But to your knowledge, he didn't routinely -- nobody routinely checked with the various state boards of licensing for pharmacies to find out what's going on with pharmacies in a particular state?

Q. And what about the doctor licensing boards for each state? Was there routine audit of the doctor licensing boards of each state within your team, to your knowledge?

Q. Okay. And based on those Google Alerts and other information, you were aware that doctors were being arrested in Tennessee for improperly prescribing oxycodone; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And based on those Google Alerts and other information, you also knew that some pharmacies were filling improper prescriptions in Tennessee for oxycodone; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Okay. And when you talked earlier about chargeback data, I just want to make sure I understand that a little bit. You can sort chargeback data in all sorts of different ways, right?

Q. Okay. So you can sort it, I think we talked about, by state; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And can you sort it by time -- various time periods?

Q. Okay. And can you sort it by ZIP code?

Q. Okay. And you can sort it by per capita?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Do you know when you stopped using the per capita information?

Q. Okay. Do you know why you stopped using the per capita information?

Q. Okay. And you can sort it by pharmacies; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And I think you said before if you wanted to, and for a period of time you did, monitor physicians via IMS data?

Q. Okay. Ms. Harper, I am going to mark you -- hand you what we will mark as plaintiff's next exhibit, which is number 37. For the record, it's MNK TNSTA05340154. It is a two-page document. You want to start from the back forward. Oh, you've got it. Good. Very good.

Q. Great. Thank you. And take your time. Read through it.

Q. Do you know if Tennessee was a state that was specifically being monitored as one of a number of states by Mallinckrodt for high volume oxycodone sales?

Q. Okay. Thank you very much. You can move that aside. Do you know why Tennessee was one of those states?

Q. Okay. But at some point were Kentucky, Tennessee, Ohio, Florida and Texas singled out for specific review?

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you what we will mark as Plaintiff's Exhibit 38. It's MNK TNSTA05337163. Okay. And is this an e-mail that you sent on May 13, 2011?

Q. Okay. And with it, it looks like the attachments are oxy percentage of sales by dist state master spreadsheet and hydro percentage of sales by state master spreadsheet. Do you see where I'm at?

Q. Okay. And it says, "Georgia has been added to the statistics per Pat's request." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Who's Pat?

Q. Okay. And you know Tennessee -- if you'll look with me to the second page, you'll see a chart that talks about the personnel of hydrocodone sales in Tennessee from 10/2007 till 2/1/2011. Do you see where I'm at?

Q. Okay. Do you know why the percentage of hydrocodone sales were being monitored in Tennessee?

Q. I believe so, yes, ma'am. I didn't create it.

Q. Sure. That's okay. Do you know why the percentage of hydrocodone sales were being monitored in Tennessee by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. But they were?

Q. Okay. And it was not necessarily all 50 states that were pulled out for these specific looks?

Q. Okay. Let's go through and look. So after this chart that you're on, if you'll flip with me to the next page, it says page 1 at the bottom?

Q. Okay. So looking at hydro sales here, it looks like we're looking at the state of?

Q. Okay. And two pages later, the one that says page 3, it looks like we're looking at the state of?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And flip two more pages with me to page 5. Okay. And that is the state of?

Q. Okay. Keep flipping. Page 7. That's the state of?

Q. Okay. And this is -- looks like the percentage of hydro sales by distributor; is that right?

Q. Okay. Keep flipping. Page 9, and the state there is?

Q. Tennessee. There we go. And that is the percentage of sales by distributor on that chart; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And the chart appears to monitor this information from October 2007 through March of 2010 on this page going through to the second page, all the way through March of 2011; is that right?

Q. Okay. And then on page 11, the state is?

Q. Okay. And those are the only states that were included in this handout. So do you know if there was

Q. Okay. Was there anything about opioid sales to these states that was of note?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay.

Q. But you don't doubt that you sent the e-mail with the attachments?

Q. Okay. Okay. So flipping through to the next one, kind of leaving where we -- stopping where we left off and going back to where we were, if you'll just keep going.

Q. Uh-huh. I can help you out if you want.

Q. Yeah. Yeah. Make it a little easier for you. Keep you from paper cuts. There we go. Okay. And then so -- then on this chart, it looks like the second attachment there is the percentage of oxycodone sales for Tennessee. Do you see that?

Q. And that's broken down by distributor from 10/1/2007 till 10/1/2011; is that right?

Q. Okay. And I will posit to you, and if we flip through, it's the same charts breaking down the percentage of oxycodone to various states by distributor for Florida, Texas, Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee and Georgia, those same states. Does that look to be correct?

Q. Okay. Yes?

Q. Okay. So looking at this next document, this is an e-mail that you sent to Anthony Rattini on 10/14/2013; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And who is Anthony Rattini?

Q. And Miami-Luken is what?

Q. Okay. And do you know where they're located?

Q. Do you know if they're located in Miami?

Q. Okay. Flipping to the third page that says MNK-T1 0007026595. State ranking for hydrocodone, total dosage units sold to retail, January 1, 2010, through December 31, 2011. Do you see where I'm at?

Q. Could you tell me what number Tennessee is, ma'am?

Q. Okay. Great. Thank you very much. And the next page, state ranking for oxycodone. This one ends with 6596. Total dosage units sold to retail on January 1, 2010, through December 31, 2011. And do you see that what number Tennessee is on this list, ma'am?

Q. Sure.

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. Okay.

Q. Ma'am, you're the one who forwarded this, so I wouldn't know.

Q. Yeah, I'm going to back up. Okay. Let me ask this question first, and then we'll back up so you clarify that.

Q. So what number is Tennessee on this state ranking for oxycodone in 2011?

Q. Okay. And in 2000 -- okay. Great. Thank you.

Q. Okay. Now going back to what I think what was your concern. If you back to the very first page, which was the e-mail. If you read the e-mail, it's an e-mail from you, right?

Q. Okay. It says, "Hi, Tony. It was very good to speak with you today, and I'm looking forward to finally meeting you in person next week at the DEA conference. The first PDF attached was pulled from the DEA web page USDOJ.gov, a recent presentation made to HDMA as indicated below. The second PDF was extracted from DEA web page also, registrant population information pharmacy registrations." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. So it looks like you attached both of these as attachments to the e-mail you sent to Mr. Rattini; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And what is HDMA?

Q. Okay. Okay. Moving on. You can get rid of that one. Okay. Was Mallinckrodt concerned about the number of opioids that it was shipping to Tennessee?

Q. Sure. Okay. I'll try to -- I'll try to narrow it a little bit. It looks like Tennessee, according to some of the charts we've seen, has been at the higher level of numbers of opioids being shipped to it; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And was that concerning to Mallinckrodt, that Tennessee was -- or concerning to you? Was that concerning -- strike that. Was it concerning to you in your position at Mallinckrodt that Tennessee was amongst the higher numbers for opioid sales by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And why was that of concern?

Q. Yes.

Q. Okay. But if we go back to, let's see, this one, I think. Yeah, Exhibit 35. You agreed with me before that one of the states that Mallinckrodt was monitoring was Tennessee; is that right?

Q. Okay. And so based on Mallinckrodt's own documentation here in Exhibit 35, you were monitoring Tennessee specifically for opioid sales; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you what we'll mark as Exhibit 40. And this is MNK TNSTA05126722 through 6735. It's front and back document. That type is very, very small, so we'll read through it together if you don't mind. So the one that says page 1, let's start there. Okay. At the very top line under where it says A, B and C, what is the title there? Do you see it, line 1?

Q. What is it?

Q. Okay. So looking at that, it looks like Mallinckrodt was tracking the oxy 30 sales by state in 2009, 2010 and 2011; is that correct?

Q. Okay. I'll show you right here.

Q. Right under B?

Q. 2009, 2010, 2011.

Q. Okay. And what number is Tennessee on this list?

Q. It says -- it says sum of sales dosage units by state, so... Okay. So it says Tennessee is number 7; is that right?

Q. Okay. And then if you go over

Q. I know, it's so small.

Q. Do you want to use a piece of paper?

Q. Uh-huh, sure. Okay. So let's look at -- we're at number 7, and G. So 7 G.

Q. Okay. And so it says grand total percent is 3.64 percent; is that right?

Q. Okay. And then it says 2010 increase. Can you read that next one for me, please?

Q. Okay. And then 2011 increase?

Q. Okay. And then going over exactly -- stay on that exact line and go over one, and then we're at 15-milligram oxy, sum of sales dosage units by state. And we're still at number 7 here, Tennessee. Do you see that?

Q. Yeah, sure. It will certainly make it easier.

Q. For sure. And I'm not trying to make this difficult on you.

Q. Okay. And so it shows the 15 on line 7. Then it says percentage of grand total there under Q4, .49 percent; is that right?

Q. Okay. And then it says units 上 per capita， 上＃撈／; is that correct? 上鄉：33:44

Q. Units per capita rank, 上鄉：33:48 number 5; is that correct? A． Yes. 鴕 Population rank, 17. And then it goes through the census population through 2010, 2000, 1990. Do you see that?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. But other than that, not 上乙 knowing what the unit o土 measure is, you recognize this as chargeback data by state and population?

Q. Okay. 上豈 A. I just don't. 19:35：上豈

Q. So have you seen this chart before?

Q. Do you know if anybody on your team did?

Q. Okay. When you save things on

Q. Okay. Would it have certain folders in it?

Q. You put stuff in a folder? Was there a folder for suspicious order monitoring?

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Okay.

Q. Do you have any reason to think that it's not accurate?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set it aside. Thank you.

Q. Okay. Great. Ms. Harper, we're back on the record after a quick break. I have a couple more questions for you. Hopefully we'll get you out of here relatively quickly. I'm done with that exhibit, so you can set it aside. I have a question about the branded side of Mallinckrodt. Did you deal at all with them?

Q. Okay. And what was your involvement with the branded side?

Q. Okay. So like Exalgo or Xartemis?

Q. Okay. And so I'm going to ask you some questions about that just to figure out if there's -- what your role is. Okay?

Q. So the branded side had target pharmacy lists; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Were you ever involved in reviewing target pharmacy lists from the branded sided?

Q. Sure.

Q. Okay.

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. Okay. What about physicians?

Q. Okay.

Q. And do you -- what was your involvement in reviewing those target physician lists?

Q. Okay. And what's the speakers list?

Q. Okay. As long as I understand your answer.

Q. Okay. And so on -- do you know on -- if -- when you looked at those top prescriber lists, did you review those at all from a suspicious order monitoring perspective?

Q. Okay. And what did you do for that?

Q. Okay. And top prescribers for Mallinckrodt products, those prescriptions could have been legitimate; is that right?

Q. Okay. And those prescriptions also could have been illegitimate?

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. Okay. So for the folks that were the top prescribers of oxy 15 and oxy 30, those could be legitimate doctors. They could be at the top of the list; is that right?

Q. Or those could be people who were operating pill mills. They could also be at the top of the list?

Q. Okay. And did Mallinckrodt have a way of figuring that out?

Q. So that they were a top prescriber?

Q. Okay. Okay. And so do you know if anyone from Mallinckrodt sales team was supposed to report signs of diversion to you?

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. Okay. And was that process the same for the sales team on the branded side?

Q. Okay. Do you know if there was any sort of suspicious order monitoring training for the sales team on the branded side?

Q. Okay. Do you know if you had a counterpart, a suspicious order person, on the branded side?

Q. Okay.

Q. Did Mallinckrodt have a program or procedure in place to connect problem prescribers and problem pharmacies?

Q. Okay. I'm going to mark this next one as Exhibit 41. And this is MNK-Tl 0007704503. I'm sorry, it's stapled on the bottom. Take a minute to take a look at this list. I'll represent to you that the path it says is -- the file name is DIRJ and pill mill physicians list, 2012, something. It looks like the date it was last modified was 1/16/2012. Have you seen this list before?

Q. Okay. Do you know of any list that was kept of pill mill physicians?

Q. Okay. Do you know what DIRJ stands for?

Q. Okay. Do you have any idea who I might ask about this document?

Q. Okay. You suspect this has something to do with branded, perhaps?

Q. Okay. Very good then.

Q. Set it aside. Oh, you know what? Actually if you'll take it back for one second, it looks like they stapled it all together again. I don't think we have to put it as a separate exhibit.

Q. We are. If you'll look at the very last page for me, if you flip it over one, I'll represent to you that this list here is the same list but sorted by Tennessee. It's got the same Bates number. Do any -- looking at that, do any of those names ring a bell to you for any suspected pill mill operations in Tennessee?

Q. Okay. That was my last question. Thank you, ma'am. QUESTIONS BY

Q. Okay. Mark this next one as Exhibit 42. It is MNK-T1 00005947296. Okay. The file name is "IMS high oxy 30 prescribers in January 2013." I will represent to you that we have modified this list to sort it just by Tennessee. We haven't changed the contents of it at all. Do you recognize this list, ma'am?

Q. Is this the IMS data you were talking about earlier, perhaps, looking for physicians?

Q. Okay. Have you seen a chart like this that you've consulted before?

Q. Okay. Do you know if you did, if it would have been on the branded side or the generic side?

Q. Okay. So -- okay. Very good. Moving along. QUESTIONS BY

Q. Next one is Exhibit 43, MNK-T1 0007704471. And the title on this is "IMS prescribers through January 2013," and we have modified it just to show Tennessee. Have you seen a chart like this before, ma'am?

Q. Okay. Okay. And if something's in the network share drive, does that mean it's open to everybody within the suspicious order monitoring team to view?

Q. Okay. So you would have had access to anything on the share drive?

Q. Okay. Exhibit 44, MNK-T1 0005947297. The file name on this is "Prescriber list." The date last modified is 2/1/2016 on the network share. Have you seen this list before?

Q. Do you have any idea what it is?

Q. Okay. Do you know if it has to do with suspicious order monitoring?

Q. Okay. I'm going to note here on the page -- let's start with page 3, all the way at the back. The very top it says, "Alan Pecorella," and the comments are "arrested on 8/23/13 on charge of possession of a Schedule II with intent to distribute. State, Tennessee. On target list, Q2013. Specialty physician assistant." Do you see where that's at?

Q. Okay. And if you keep going through a bunch of these, it has various criminal descriptions here. You didn't create this?

Q. Did you have someone on your team create it?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY

Q. Okay. Just a couple more. Okay. I'm going to hand you what we've marked as Plaintiff's Exhibit 45, MNK TNSTA02527616. And take a look at that for me, please. I will submit to you that we took the information provided to us and sorted by state, so it's Tennessee only. Okay. And the title of this document is "oxy 15," and then we'll do 30, "sold via by month January through December 2011." Run -- the run, I am guessing, is report run, 2/15/2012. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So going through this, I'm not going to ask you 800 million questions, but we've sorted it by Tennessee. So if you will go with me to the very last page.

Q. Page 17, yes, ma'am.

Q. All the way down to the very bottom line that's open, sorting it by state and then totaling the totals for 12 months, can you please read that number in the corner?

Q. Okay. And do you know if those are sales of pills or bottles?

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. Dosage units?

Q. Okay. And what is a dosage units?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. So when we take the total number here, 4,071,300, that would be pills of oxy 15 shipped to Tennessee, January through December 2011; is that right?

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. Yeah. So this one is the sheet for oxy 15, and I'm going to show you the next one for oxy 30.

Q. Okay?

Q. Okay. So I'm going to go back and ask my question, just to make sure I round that out. So the total here, 4,071,300, that would be the number of pills of oxy 15 shipped to Tennessee, January through December of 2011, according to this chargeback data; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Moving along. QUESTIONS BY

Q. Okay. It's a different tab of the same Bates number, MNK TNSTA02527616. Okay. Same chart but for -- the tab for oxy 30. We've modified this just to Tennessee. And if you'll flip with me to the very last page, if you could read the total for me there, ma'am.

Q. Okay. So same question on -- for this chargeback sheet for -- I want to make sure I understand it. So that's 12,482,100 pills of oxy 30 that were sent to Tennessee, January through December 2011, according to the chargeback data; is that correct, ma'am?

Q. Okay. Thank you very much. You can set that aside. Okay. So if you add those two numbers -- I'll submit that the total, so you don't have to do the math, is 16,553,400 Mallinckrodt oxy 15 and 30-milligram pills that ended up in Tennessee in one year. Does that sound correct?

Q. Okay. And oxy 15 and oxy 30 are not the only oxycodone products that Mallinckrodt manufactures; is that right?

Q. Okay. What other products are there?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And other than the oxycodone acetaminophen and the two branded we've discussed, Exalgo and Xartemis, do you know any other opioid products that are manufactured by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. But so far as you know, for oxycodone we've talked about what we have?

Q. Okay. So for the oxycodone with acetaminophen, do you know if spreadsheets like that, like we just looked at, if those exist for the oxycodone with acetaminophen?

Q. Okay. So there wouldn't have been a chargeback report necessarily regularly run for oxycodone acetaminophen?

Q. Okay. And you mentioned the hydrocodone -- I say hydrocodone; you say hydrocodone.

Q. I apologize for that. You mentioned the hydrocodone 10-milligram, you ran chargeback datas for those two; is that correct?

Q. Okay. I marked this one as Exhibit 47. Okay. And this is MNK TNSTA02527625. If you look at the file name here, it says "Hydro APAP 10 shipped to and sold via W DEA by month, January 2012 through December 2012, all APAP." Do you know what any of that means?

Q. Could you explain it to me, please?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And when it says, "W DEA," is that with DEA? Do you know what that means?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Oh, with DEA registration. Okay. And is the reason that the hydro APAP 10 S was monitored with reports like this via chargeback data because it was susceptible to diversion?

Q. Okay. Thank you. Okay. So looking at this report, I want to make sure that I understand this correctly. And you've already answered

Q. Okay. And so that would be 10-milligram hydrocodone -- hydrocodone APAP pills sold in Tennessee from January 2012 to December 2012; is that correct? That's what this shows?

Q. Well, I think that's the date, not -- oh, where do you see?

Q. Oh, it sure does. Maybe it's mislabeled. Okay. So 2013. Make sure I've got the right chart. Well, it sure does say 2013. Okay. So I'm going to modify my question. So that total there -- okay. So that total there, 78,184,600, that is hydro APAP pills sold in Tennessee during the calendar year 2013. Is that correct, according to this chart?

Q. Okay. Thank you. Do you know why that number is so large?

Q. Okay. Do you know how -- what the average was of 10-milligram hydrocodone pills being shipped to a state?

Q. Okay. Do you know anything about a Veterans Administration hospital in Tennessee getting shipments of hydrocodone?

Q. Okay. Do you know if the VA has a warehouse in Tennessee for medication?

Q. Okay. Have you dealt with the VA, Veterans Administration, at all in supplying their medication?

Q. Okay. Was there a specific person at Mallinckrodt whose job it would have been to deal with the VA?

Q. Who would that have been?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And what was Trudy Nicholson's position?

Q. Okay. And do you know what her area was?

Q. Okay. And do you know what year she left?

Q. Okay. Do you know if someone has replaced her?

Q. Do you know who it is?

Q. Okay. Do you know what 867 data is?

Q. Okay. Do you know what it is?

Q. Okay. I'll show you what we'll mark as Plaintiff's Exhibit 48. Mallinckrodt -- sorry, it's MNK-Tl 0007717730. Take a look at this. My question here is actually pretty simple if you'll just take a look at it.

Q. Does this also appear to be a chart of hydro APAP lOs sold for the calendar year 2015 to the state of Tennessee?

Q. Okay. That's my only question. Okay. And you could place any pharmacy on the chargeback data restrictions list; is that right?

Q. Okay. And you didn't -- you weren't required to fill any orders that seemed suspicious?

Q. Okay. And were you involved at all in the review of the distributors top 40 pharmacies that began somewhere around October of 2011?

Q. Okay. And that was -- Mallinckrodt reviewed the top 20 pharmacies in Florida and the top 20 pharmacies outside of Florida; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And some of those pharmacies that were on the 20 list outside of Florida were in Tennessee; is that right?

Q. Okay. And which distributors did you review? You were involved with the Cardinal review?

Q. Okay. And if I understand things correctly, one of the things that was asked of the distributors was to have them fill out a pharmacy information sheet; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And were you involved in helping to develop those pharmacy information sheets?

Q. Okay. And who else was involved in that?

Q. Okay. Okay. I think we'll go back in our questioning just a little bit here. QUESTIONS BY

Q. Mark this one as Plaintiff's Exhibit 49. This one is labeled MNK-T1 0004592727. Is this your handwriting, ma'am?

Q. Okay. And you recognize it as your handwriting?

Q. Okay. Great. And it looks like yet again we have added another document to the back of this, if you'll bear with me for just one second.

Q. Yeah, it looks like it got copied on the second back, so we're going to ignore those pharmacy information sheets for

Q. Okay. So let's just look at this document as it is.

Q. The first page.

Q. Yes, the one that ends 2727.

Q. Is this the Cardinal top 40 oxy 30 pharmacies as of March 2012? MS. FIX MEYER: Objection. Form. Foundation.

Q. Okay? And do you see Tennessee pharmacies on this list?

Q. Okay. And which pharmacies do you see that are located in Tennessee on this list?

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. Okay. And do you know what that shaded area, pharmacy 90-day review from previous meeting, means?

Q. What does it mean?

Q. Pharmacies to be reviewed in quarter 3 CY '12 is that bottom group. What does that mean? MS. FIX MEYER: Objection. Form. Foundation.

Q. You can go ahead.

Q. Okay. And what does your handwriting here say?

Q. Okay. And what does that mean?

Q. Okay. And then what does your handwriting down below say?

Q. Okay. And what does that mean?

Q. Okay. Do you know what Specialty Pharmacy Services is?

Q. Okay. And flip with me to the next page. Is that your handwriting on this document as well?

Q. Okay. Then we'll keep flipping to the next one, the one that looks like this. This is the one that ends 59731. Do you see that list?

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. Okay. And so this is Cardinal oxycodone 30 multi-distributor pharmacies as of March 2012. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And is that your handwriting to the right?

Q. And what does that say?

Q. Okay. And then underneath that?

Q. Okay. Do you know what any of that means?

Q. Okay. And then looking at this list, it looks like there are one, two on this list that are in Tennessee. Do you see that?

Q. Yeah, sure.

Q. Okay. And those are Riggs in La Follette, Tennessee, and Riggs Drug in Powell, Tennessee; is that right?

Q. And so they've been identified as getting oxycodone 30 from multi -- multiple distributors; is that right?

Q. Okay. And so looking at the Riggs Drug, the first one in La Follette, according to this chart it says they were receiving oxycodone 30 from Cardinal and Masters. MS. FIX MEYER: Objection. Form. QUESTIONS BY

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And then Riggs Drug in Powell, Tennessee, it says they were receiving oxycodone 30 from Cardinal, Masters and HD Smith Wholesale. MS. FIX MEYER: Same objection.

Q. Am I reading that correctly?

Q. Okay. And was this report run every year?

Q. Okay. Okay. Then the next one, unfortunately, is really supposed to be another exhibit.

Q. Can you take a look at it for me, please? My first question on these is pretty simple. Is this your handwriting?

Q. Okay. And when -- do you recognize these to be pharmacy information sheets?

Q. And these are all pharmacy information sheets for Riggs pharmacy?

Q. Okay. Riggs --

Q. Okay.

Q. Yeah, ignore that.

Q. Okay. So that would be Riggs pharmacy in La Follette, Riggs pharmacy in Jacksboro and Riggs pharmacy in Powell, Tennessee; is that right?

Q. Okay. And looking at this, you've got your handwritten notes. It goes through, it looks like, portions of the pharmacy information sheet. Where did you get this information?

Q. Okay. And you would agree with me in those three pages of your handwritten notes about the various Riggs that not every section of your pharmacy information sheet is filled out; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And did Mallinckrodt, to your knowledge, ever do any site visits at any of these three Riggs pharmacies?

Q. Okay. And do you have any recollection of any conversations about the Riggs pharmacies at all?

Q. Okay. Other than what's written down in your handwritten notes on these pharmacy information sheets, do you recall anything about those Riggs pharmacies?

Q. Okay. QUESTIONS BY

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you what we'll mark as Exhibit 51, MNK TNSTA05350336. Okay. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Okay. What does it appear to be?

Q. Okay. And this is the Riggs Drug in La Follette, Tennessee; is that right?

Q. Okay. And that's date 10/12/11?

Q. Okay. And if you'll look down here at the notes, it says, "Other notes: Explanation of 800 RX total per day. PIC said increases due to physicians switching from hydrocodone APAP mix due to liver concerns." Do you know where that information was obtained?

Q. Okay. And did you do anything to verify the information provided to you by Cardinal Health?

Q. Okay. And did anyone in Mallinckrodt, to your knowledge, do anything to verify the information provided by Cardinal Health?

Q. Okay. Okay. So then the next sentence says, "Near Riggs Medical Center and St. Mary's Hospital." Do you see where it says that?

Q. Okay. You obtained that information from Cardinal Health?

Q. Okay. Riggs Medical Center. Do you know if a Riggs Medical Center exists?

Q. Okay. Did you do anything to verify whether a Riggs Medical Center exists?

Q. Okay. What about St. Mary's Hospital? It says, "near Riggs Medical Center and St. Mary's Hospital." Do you know how near this pharmacy was to St. Mary's Hospital?

Q. Okay. Do you know where La Follette, Tennessee, is?

Q. Do you know where St. Mary's Hospital is?

Q. If St. Mary's Hospital is 45 miles away in Knoxville from La Follette, is that information you would have wanted to have known?

Q. Okay. But that's information you would have liked to have had in evaluating this pharmacy?

Q. When you hear "near Riggs Medical Center and St. Mary's Hospital," would you consider near to be 45 miles away?

Q. Okay. But you didn't do anything to check that out, did you?

Q. Okay. And then it says, "Another Riggs drugstore is located in Powell, Tennessee, with oxy 30 milligram year-to-date of approximately 170,000." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Did that concern you at all, that there was another Riggs pharmacy so close with that number?

Q. Okay. If you look down at the bottom there, it says, "Result, take off list and honor chargebacks. Requested site visit with 90 days. Low CS percentage is mitigating factor." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And so that would be the result from the Mallinckrodt side; is that correct?

Q. Okay. When it says "take off list," what does that mean?

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Do you know if Riggs was ever put on a chargeback list?

Q. Why don't we look at the list.

Q. I'll find it. Would Cardinal have had the ability to tell Mallinckrodt what to put on or take off of a chargeback list? MS. FIX MEYER: Objection. Form.

Q. Did Cardinal have that ability?

Q. Okay. Would they make recommendations?

Q. Okay. And would you follow the recommendations?

Q. Would you do any independent research to verify their recommendations?

Q. Okay. I'm going to show you Exhibit 36, which is the chargeback list, and please let me know if you see Riggs on there, please.

Q. Okay. So if Riggs was ever placed on a chargeback list on Mallinckrodt -- by Mallinckrodt, it should appear on the chargeback list; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY

Q. I'm going to show what we'll mark as Exhibit 51? 2?

Q. This is MNK TNSTA05353270. Take a look at that for me, please, ma'am. Do you recognize this as the summary report for the Cardinal Health suspicious order monitoring audit conducted March 5th through 6th in 2012 in Ohio?

Q. Okay. Did you create this document?

Q. Okay. Looking through it, it says on March 5th, a total of 19 pharmacies located in Florida were reviewed. If you look at the second page, page ending in 53271, a total of 20 pharmacies located in non-Florida states were reviewed. Of the 20, 11 pharmacies have had controlled substance sales restricted by Cardinal. Do you see where that is?

Q. Okay. And do you see the list that says non-Florida, non-restricted?

Q. And what is the one at the bottom there?

Q. Okay. And if you go up two, that's Max Pharmacy; is that right?

Q. Do you know where that's located?

Q. Okay. And then Kinser drug store. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And is Kinser drug store listed in Tennessee?

Q. That's fine. Okay. And I think those are my only questions on that document.

Q. Let's put it aside. Okay. We'll just go through these next three pretty quickly. QUESTIONS BY

Q. Number 53, MNK TNSTA00612651. Do you recognize this document as a pharmacy information sheet?

Q. Do you know if it was filled out by Mallinckrodt or by Cardinal?

Q. Okay. And it talks about the volume of oxycodone sales to this location; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And then at the bottom it says, "Describe physical location and description of pharmacy. Standalone building on main two-lane road. Services rural community. In residential town in Campbell County." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And did Mallinckrodt do anything to verify that information?

Q. Okay. Okay. I'm handing you Exhibit 54, MNK TNSTA00607869. Do you recognize this as a pharmacy information sheet dated 11/30/2012 for the Riggs Drug in La Follette, Tennessee?

Q. Okay. And do you know if someone from Mallinckrodt filled this out or somebody from Cardinal filled it out?

Q. Okay. And could you please read to me what it says and describe the physical description and location of the pharmacy?

Q. Okay. And down at the bottom, the notes, could you read that for me, please?

Q. Okay. So the information that's included in the physical location about the size of La Follette, Tennessee, and description of the building, that's information that was known to Mallinckrodt; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And then when it says, "notes, all Riggs have been capped," talking about per Cardinal Health, they believe the Jacksboro store has made progress, Cardinal is being referred to as "they." So do you believe that note was made by somebody at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And so do you know anything about Riggs 15 and 30s being capped?

Q. Okay. And what does it mean to cap someone at 15 and 30s?

Q. Okay. And why would -- why would that happen? Why would a cap be put on?

Q. Okay. When it says, "They believe the Jacksboro store has made progress. One store fills 12,000 scripts per month, another fills 5,000," does that mean that the numbers went down?

Q. Okay. Do you know if you had a concern about diversion from these Riggs pharmacies in Campbell County?

Q. Okay. So there was discussion about whether there was potential diversion at these Riggs pharmacies?

Q. Okay. And at no time did Mallinckrodt do chargeback restrictions for Riggs pharmacies, according to that chart we saw; is that correct?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And so that means, to your knowledge, Riggs pharmacies could continue to receive oxycodone 15 and 30s?

Q. Okay. Thank you. QUESTIONS BY

Q. Okay. 55, marking Plaintiff's Exhibit 55 here. It's MNK TNSTA00612647. Take a look at this for me, please. The file name for this document is "Riggs pharmacies all sales run 11/30/2012"; is that correct?

Q. Did you create this documen七?

Q. Did you direct that it be created?

Q. Okay. Okay． If you'll look with me on page 3.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Does this appear to be a report based on chargeback data to you, ma'am?

Q. Okay. And it appears to be a report about the Riggs Drug stores in the Riggs Drug stores we were discussing; is that correct? Jacksboro, La Follette and Powell?

Q. Okay. Great. In looking here, it's kind of hard to review it all. One, two 一一 if you look on page 3, down at the bottom, the orange line, it says, "Oxycodone 30-milligram tablets." Do you see where I ＇m at?

Q. Okay. And it indicates that Cardinal Health shipped 292,600 oxycodone 30-milligram tablets to Riggs Drug in La Follette, Tennessee, in the calendar year 2012; is that correct?

Q. Oh, you are correct. So from November 2011 to November 2012?

Q. Okay. And then it says HD Smith shipped 30 milligrams of oxycodone to that same Riggs location, 1,200 tablets. Am I reading that correctly?

Q. Okay. Okay. Staying on page 3 with me there, the last blue line, it says oxycodone 15-milligram tablets here for the same Riggs store in La Follette, Tennessee. Do you see where I am now?

Q. Okay. And it says that Cardinal Health shipped 84,000 tablets during that same time period; is that correct?

Q. Okay. So if you add those two together, I submit to you that would be 377,600 Mallinckrodt-made oxycodone 15-milligram and 30-milligram tablets going to that one pharmacy in that period of November 2011 to November 2012. Does that sound correct?

Q. Okay. And that's just to one pharmacy, not to what was sent to that county; is that right?

Q. Okay. Does that number seem too high to you?

Q. Okay. So you'd have to have that information in order to be able to make

Q. Okay.

Q. And so the types of things that you would want to know in order to make that determination would be population?

Q. Okay. And what about the percent of an aging population of the area?

Q. That's not something you'd want to consider?

Q. Okay. What about nearness to hospitals or other medical facilities; would you want to know that information?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. So what types of other information would you need besides just pure number in order to be able to make a determination if a pharmacy was -- was processing suspicious orders?

Q. Okay. And what types of physical locations would cause you concern?

Q. Okay. Okay. So the things on the list is what you would consider, on the pharmacy information sheet checklist?

Q. Okay. Is there anything outside of the information, the questions you've got contained in the pharmacy information sheet checklist, that you would consider when determining whether a pharmacy may be engaging in diversion?

Q. Okay. But a Google report, if it comes up, right, it's generally going to be when there's been a drug bust at a pharmacy after the fact; is that right?

Q. Okay. Okay. If you'll take the same sheet with me, we're going to just spend another minute with it. And if you'll flip with me to the one that's page 4. If you'll go down to the part that's highlighted in orange. I guess that's orange.

Q. That's okay. Page 4.

Q. At the top it should say Riggs Drug in Jacksboro, Tennessee. Do you see where I'm at?

Q. Okay. And then the orange all the way down at the bottom.

Q. Okay. So it says oxycodone 30-milligram tablets, and then it would be 139,400 tablets were supplied to this pharmacy, Riggs, in Jacksboro, Tennessee, by Cardinal Health in the time period of November 2011 through November of 2012. Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. And if you go one line up, it talks about oxycodone 15-milligram tablets shipped to that Jacksboro Riggs. That's 38,700; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And so if you total that, that would be 178,100 Mallinckrodt oxycodone pills going to that one pharmacy in that time period; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And the rest of these numbers on there, those are the other controlled substance Mallinckr○α艺 products; is that correct?

Q. Okay. So if you total all of the opioids then， the Mallinckrodt opioids, sent 艺o Riggs Drug in Jacksboro, Tennessee, during this time period, that would be 上豈 2 ／鄉，570 Mallinckrodt opioids shipped to this 20:55：10 pharmacy during that period of time， Ⅰ submit to you. 之上 Does that seem like a lot of 20:55：上豈 乙乙 opioids to one pharmacy to you? 20:55：20

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. I'm not going to make you vouch for my math.

Q. But if I tell you that that totals to 279,570 --

Q. -- does that seem like a lot of Mallinckrodt opioids to go to one pharmacy to you?

Q. You would want to look at the factors that are on the pharmacy information sheet; is that right?

Q. And the Google Alerts; is that right?

Q. Okay. Do you know anything about Jacksboro, Tennessee?

Q. Okay. Do you know if Jacksboro and La Follette are in the same county?

Q. What if I told you they are? They're in Campbell County, Tennessee. Have you ever heard of Campbell County, Tennessee?

Q. Okay. Do you know anything about Campbell County, Tennessee?

Q. Has Campbell County, Tennessee, ever been a topic of discussion during your professional time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay.

Q. I will hand you what I'm marking as Plaintiff's Exhibit 56. This is MNK TNSTA25 -- I'm sorry, 02527616. This is -- the title is "Oxy 15 and 30 shipped to and sold to via month, January through December 2011." And it looks like the report was run 2/15/2012. I will submit to you that we have condensed this just to Campbell County. Okay. So if you take a look at this list, I think you'll notice La Follette that we've been talking about and also Jacksboro, which we've already discussed; is that right?

Q. Okay. And this chart appears to show you chargeback data to the various pharmacies during the period of January 2011 through December 2011; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And we haven't talked at all about a place called Jellico. Have you ever heard of Jellico, Tennessee?

Q. Okay. Okay. On this list I think you'll recognize we've got the three Riggs Drugs right at the top, right?

Q. Okay. Riggs Drug in La Follette and Riggs Drug in Jacksboro.

Q. Okay. Do you know how many people live in Jellico, Tennessee?

Q. Okay. And this spreadsheet is for the oxy 15s. Do you see that? I'll show you the oxy 30s next.

Q. Okay. And if you look at this spreadsheet, you've got Jellico one, two, three, four times. Let's look at the first one. Jellico Drugs. Do you see that?

Q. And it looks like Jellico Drugs was getting stuff from AmerisourceBergen -- getting oxycodone 15 from AmerisourceBergen and Masters; is that correct?

Q. Okay. So during that time period, it looks like Jellico Drugs received 14,400 oxycodone 15 tablets from Masters; is that right?

Q. And then 12,200 from AmerisourceBergen?

Q. Okay. And if you go down to the others, you have the Rite Aid, number 1935 in Jellico. They received 2500 oxycodone 15; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And then the last one is the family drug center in Jellico by Cardinal Health, and it looks like they received 300 oxy 15s; is that right?

Q. Okay. So if you add all that together, I'll submit to you that that's about 29,400 oxycodone 15s for the town of Jellico. Does that sound right?

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you what's marked as Plaintiff's Exhibit 56? 6?

Q. Oh, 57. I left my -- I'll just do another one. 57. Okay. This is the tab -- hold on. It looks like I'm missing one, so you might have lucked out. Okay. It appears that I'm missing the one for the oxy 30. Okay. Did you ever run the numbers for the total number of Mallinckrodt oxycodone products going to Campbell County, Tennessee?

Q. Okay. I'm going to... Okay. I'm going to mark you -- I'm going to hand you what we've marked as Plaintiff's Exhibit 57. Okay. Could you read the file name of this document for me, please, ma'am?

Q. Okay. Great. Okay. I'm going to back up for

Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt has ever looked specifically at the number of pills it sends to the various counties in Tennessee?

Q. Have you looked by county?

Q. Okay. Did you run any chargeback reports by county on a routine basis with Tennessee?

Q. Okay. What about towns?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Okay. Had you -- were you aware that in 2015 Campbell County prescribed the third highest morphine equivalent milligrams per capita annually in the country?

Q. Is that a list that Mallinckrodt would look at?

Q. Okay. So if the CDC lists counties with the highest prescribing of opioids per capita, is that something you would consult in your job in suspicious order monitoring?

Q. Okay. Think it would be helpful?

Q. Okay. I think you looked before at the chargeback data list, the chargeback restriction list, Exhibit 36. It's Mallinckrodt's chargeback restriction list. If you would take a look at that for me for one more second. Are you aware of the number of pharmacies that were on that list, how many have been subject of law enforcement action?

Q. Okay. Are you aware if any of the reinstated pharmacies on that list have been subject of law enforcement action?

Q. Okay. And do you know if the pharmacies on that list, that were placed on that list, were placed on before or because of -- I'm sorry, I'm going to back up. I'm going to strike that question. We're going to start over. Do you know of the pharmacies that were placed on that Mallinckrodt chargeback restriction list, how many of those restricted pharmacies were placed on after law enforcement action?

Q. Okay. You can set it aside, please. Have you ever heard of Clay County, Tennessee?

Q. Do you know what the population is of Clay County, Tennessee?

Q. Okay. Has there been any discussion in your professional capacity at Mallinckrodt having to do with Clay County, Tennessee?

Q. Okay. If you'll take a look at Exhibit 57 for me, please, ma'am. Okay. You've already identified this document. I will submit to you that we've modified it to show only the town of Celina, Tennessee. If you'll flip to the page, do you recognize this as chargeback data, ma'am?

Q. Okay. Looking at this chargeback data, does it indicate to you that Rite Aid number 2494 in Celina, Tennessee, through McKesson, received 87,000 Mallinckrodt hydro APAP 10s?

Q. Okay. And then Anderson Hometown Pharmacy received 500 hydro APAP 10s through McKesson; is that right?

Q. Okay. And then Cumberland River Hospital, also in Celina, Tennessee, through Cardinal received 200 hydro APAP 10s; is that right?

Q. Okay. And that shows, if you total it -- and I think this math is a little easier -- that's 87,700 hydro APAP lOs sent to Celina, Tennessee, that were Mallinckrodt between January 2015 and December of 2015; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Did you know that the town of Celina, Tennessee, is -- population is 1,379 people?

Q. Do you think that's an appropriate number of hydro APAP 10s to be going to a town with 1,379 people?

Q. Okay. And the information that you would want would be the information that's contained on that pharmacy information sheet that we talked about earlier?

Q. Okay. And the other information would be information that you get from the Google Alerts; is that right?

Q. Okay. And is there any other information you can think of that you'd want to know to make that decision?

Q. Sure.

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. The question was if you thought that was an appropriate number of hydro APAP pills to be going to that town.

Q. And so then I said you'd want the information on the pharmacy information sheet that we talked about before in order to make that determination?

Q. And one of the other factors would be the information that you gleaned from Google Alerts?

Q. Okay. And is there any other information that you would feel you need to consult?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. You can set that aside, please, ma'am. Okay. Done with charts. QUESTIONS BY

Q. Okay. Number 58. If you'll take a look at this for me, please. Could you please read the title?

Q. And what does it say after that?

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. Okay. So this is a press release coming from the Drug Enforcement Administration?

Q. Okay. And then under that it says, "Rural Clay County pharmacies 2017 purchases from distributors totaled more than 1 million pills." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And then the date line, what is the city and state that it indicates?

Q. Okay. And then if you could read the first sentence for me, please?

Q. Okay. You can stop there. Were you aware of this DEA investigation?

Q. Okay. Thank you, ma'am. You can set that aside. Okay. In 2017, did you start working on pulling Tennessee order reports?

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you what I'm going to mark as Exhibit 59, MNK-TN 000642 -- no, 6462195. These all got jammed together, guys. Sorry. If you'll look with me all the way down to... You don't have to read the whole thing, but if you look where Tom -- Thomas Duffel -- three-quarters of the way down the page?

Q. And he, it looks like, sends an e-mail to you on September 11, 2017, and Debbie Dingle {sic}. Do you see that?

Q. And the subject is regarding need listing of all current and past narcotic SKUs. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And so his e-mail to you and Debbie is, "Karen/Debbie, just to make sure, I'm sending a list of the items that we used to pull the most recent Tennessee orders report. I'm assuming that the list will remain constant as we have requests like these. Please let me know if there are any issues. Thank you." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. Do you know what he's talking about?

Q. Okay. What he's talking about?

Q. For Tennessee orders?

Q. Okay. And do you know why he was pulling Tennessee orders?

Q. You don't?

Q. Okay. Was -- did anybody ever talk to you about pulling Tennessee orders?

Q. Okay. Can you think of any other reason there would have been a request to pull Tennessee numbers?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you 60, and I think there's only one after this one. Okay. I'm going to hand you what's been marked as Plaintiff's Exhibit 60, and that is MNK-T1 0007185456. Okay. It is

Q. Dated over the course of June 2017?

Q. Okay. Who is David Widder?

Q. Okay. What was his position?

Q. Okay. And so if you'll go down with me, it looks like David Widder is saying to you in the second e-mail down, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, "No worries. If we can complete by the end of the week, we'll be in

Q. And he is responding to you -- it's an e-mail, it looks like, earlier that day?

Q. Okay. "David, that will take an additional day or two to complete. You'll have it no later than Friday COB. I'm waiting on slide input from David Hunter. Don has slammed me last night and today with work for the Tennessee matter and DEA meeting prep. Sorry." What is the Tennessee matter?

Q. Okay. What was the DEA meeting prep?

Q. Okay. All right. And have you read the complaint in the Tennessee matter?

Q. Okay. But it was sent to you; is that right?

Q. I'm going to give you our very last exhibit, which is 61. I'm handing you what is marked as Plaintiff's Exhibit 61. Okay. This appears to be an e-mail from Don Lohman and John Gillies and you dated June 14, 2017; is that right?

Q. Okay. And it says, filed complaint 6/13/2017, and this was e-mailed to you 6/14/2017; is that right?

Q. Okay. And I just copied the first page of our complaint because it's really super long.

Q. Did you ever read it?

Q. Okay. You received it, but you didn't read it?

Q. Okay. And so when we were talking before about the Tennessee matter, could it have been the filing of our complaint that was the matter?

Q. You can't answer because you don't know or because it's privileged?

Q. Oh, okay. Very good.

Q. Ms. Harper, considering the hour, I'll keep this very brief. Just a few questions. Earlier today you testified about the scope of information provided through chargeback requests. Do you generally recall testifying on that issue?

Q. I just want to ask a few questions so the record is clear on this. Does chargeback data allow Mallinckrodt visibility into all the sales of its products made by distributor customers?

Q. Do all distributor customers submit chargeback information?

Q. Do all customers of Mallinckrodt product submit chargeback requests?

Q. And of those Mallinckrodt customers that do from time to time submit chargeback requests, do they submit chargeback requests for every order they receive?

Q. Okay. For those companies that submit chargeback requests, are all orders that those companies receive reflected in those requests?

Q. Okay. Mallinckrodt manufactures methylphenidate, correct?

Q. Do you know what methylphenidate is used to treat?

Q. Okay. Is it used to treat pain, as far as you know?

Q. Okay. Is methylphenidate an opioid?

Q. It's a synthetic opioid. Okay. And do you have any scientific background on which you're basing that statement?

Q. Just a few minutes ago you discussed with Ms. Herzfeld a number of charts, including those labeled -- or marked Exhibits 40 through 57, roughly. Do you remember the charts I'm referring to?

Q. Okay. And many of those charts purported to reflect chargeback data; is that your understanding?

Q. Do you have any independent recollection of the chargeback numbers that you saw in any of those charts?

Q. So from time to time when you indicated to Ms. Herzfeld that you thought certain numbers were correct, did you have any basis for saying that other than seeing those numbers on the page -- on the document that she provided you?

Q. With respect to any numbers that you indicated to Ms. Herzfeld that were correct, do you have any basis to believe that they were correct aside from -- aside from the numbers on the document?

Q. Okay. Do you recall responding to Ms. Herzfeld that certain numbers she presented to you were -- appeared to be correct?

Q. With respect to those numbers, do you have any independent basis to believe they are correct?

Q. Based on those numbers we went over, do you have any reason to think that they'd be incorrect?

Q. So I'm going to hand you a copy of what will be marked as -- I don't know what exhibit we're on -- 63? Oh, 62. Okay, 62. And that's the -- unfortunately, that's the only copy of the exhibit I have.

Q. Ms. Harper, just a moment ago Mr. O'Connor was asking you about whether or not -- well, was asking you about chargeback information. Do you recall that?

Q. And the document you have in front of you is an e-mail that you sent to someone at DEA regarding access and your utilization of chargeback info; is that correct?

Q. And at the very end of that e-mail, there's a portion that's underlined. Do you mind reading that into the record?

Q. Okay. And do you have any reason to dispute that you wrote that language to the DEA on November 1, 2010?