Witness:  Kate Neely
Attorney: MR. Kawamoto
Source:   MNKOI0004559551
============================================================

Q. Good -- good morning, Ms. Neely.

Q. Thank you for being here today. My name is Dean, Keller Rohrback, and I am here for the Plaintiffs. Have you ever been deposed before?

Q. So let's go over some ground rules to make the process a little smoother. I will ask you questions and I will do my best to ask coherent and clear ones. If you don't understand them for whatever reason, please let me know and I'll try to rephrase them. It's very important that we not talk over each other, so I'll ask the question and then give you an opportunity to answer. If you need to take a break, please just let me know and -- and we can take one. And your counsel may object for the record. Unless he directs you not to answer, you should respond to the question. Does that make sense?

Q. Thank you. How did you per -- how did you prepare for this deposition?

Q. Okay. And do you recall roughly when the first meeting was?

Q. And do you recall roughly how long that -- that meeting lasted for?

Q. And I take it you met with Mr. Tsai and Ms. Reidy?

Q. And other than your counsel, was anyone else present?

Q. And the second day, roughly when was that?

Q. And roughly how long was that meeting?

Q. Okay. And other than your counsel, was anyone else present?

Q. Have you talked about this deposition with anyone else besides your counsel?

Q. Have you spoken to any former Mallinckrodt employees about -- or any of your former colleagues about this case?

Q. No. Just take a look, and actually, there are -- there are other copies underneath that. So if you can pass copies down to your counsel and --

Q. -- to everyone else.

Q. So, Ms. Neely, this is what's called a deposition notice. Have you -- have you ever seen this document before?

Q. Okay. Starting on Page 4 and 5, it has some requests for documents, and I'd like to -- to direct your attention to Request for Production No. 2. Okay. And it is going to be on Page 5.

Q. Do you have any documents in your possession that relate to Mallinckrodt's manufacturing, marketing, sale, or distribution of its opioid business?

Q. And did you consult any doc -- or were you shown any documents in the con- -- in the process of preparing for your deposition? Well, let me strike that. Did you review any documents while preparing for this deposition?

Q. And did they show you documents? I'm not asking you what the documents were.

Q. I'm just asking if they showed them to you.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Ms. Neely, while you were employed at Mallinckrodt, did you have a cell phone?

Q. And was it provided by the company?

Q. And did you return it to them when you left the company?

Q. And they paid for the service and handled its operation?

Q. Did you receive performance reviews while you were employed at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you recall roughly how often thc- -- they were?

Q. And did you receive a written report or summary of -- of the review?

Q. The HR department has apparently misplaced or lost your file.

Q. That's the -- why I'm -- I'm asking these questions.

Q. I imagine not, but... Were the -- well, could you describe or characterize the -- the nature of the reviews?

Q. And did you generally meet those goals?

Q. Do you recall any areas where the -- the company indicated that you could need a -- that needs improvement or any shortcomings?

Q. And do you recall roughly what your salary was?

Q. Well, when you started and then ultimately when you finished?

Q. Did you receive any bonuses while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And approximately how -- what -- what was the size of the bonuses you received?

Q. And do you recall what the bonuses were based on?

Q. Okay. And in terms of individual goals, could you provide some examples of what an individual goal would be?

Q. Now, while you worked at Mallinckrcdt, you did have certain compliance responsibilities, is that fair?

Q. Understood. And were any -- did any of your individual goals relate to compliance?

Q. Do you recall if any portion of your bonus was tied to a compliance-related goal or compliance-related criteria?

Q. And you indicated that the bonus was tied to sales budget and margin. What do you mean by that?

Q. And I'm sorry. When you said "as a company," so was there sort of an -- an -- a sum or

Q. Okay. And was -- was this -- for total company sales, was this opioid products or was this all of their products?

Q. Okay. Thank you. Can you briefly describe your prior work experience before you joined Mallinckrodt?

Q. So prior to 2006, did you have any experience with the pharmaceutical industry?

Q. And I take it you didn't have any experience with controlled substances or -- or narcotics?

Q. And when you first joined Mallinckrodt, what was your title?

Q. And generally speaking, what were your job responsibilities as a marketing analyst?

Q. And in terms of marketing tools, could you provide some examples of -- of what -- what the -- what type of tools we are talking about?

Q. Okay. So the -- I mean, well, I guess these are almost like computer programs or --

Q. Okay. And generally speaking, how did Mallinckrodt -- well, strike that. Generally speaking, how did Mallinckrodt market its generic products, its generic opioid products?

Q. And when you say you contract with wholesalers or distributors, what -- what is -- what's the sales pitch to the wholesaler or distributor, is it -- well, I mean, I -- I -- strike that. What was -- was there a sales pitch that Mallinckrodt delivered to wholesalers or distributors in terms of, you know, when they were trying to get them to enter into a contract?

Q. Okay. So I assume distributors are looking at price and presumably the reliability of -- of delivery, is that fair?

Q. And so in terms of price, would -- would the chargeback payments or the chargeback program figure into the price?

Q. And just so I understand, the $46 would be -- would be the money that -- that Mallinckrodt paid to the distributors --

Q. -- is that right or --

Q. Understood. So while -- or just to make sure I understand, so Mallinckrodt has a price with a distributor for $50, it then also has a price with, I guess, the -- the indirect customer, is that the right term or --

Q. And so -- I mean, in terms of the numbers, Mallinckrodt is selling its opioid products, let's say oxy 15, to a wholesaler for $50 a bottle, whatever the price is, then that wholesaler charges a pharmacy, I guess, $10 a bottle. The chargeback would be $40 paid by Mallinckrodt to the wholesaler, is that correct?

Q. So in essence it is to make the wholesaler -- it is to make -- to make the wholesaler, you know, I guess, whole if there is a difference between the acquisition price, the WAC, and the price they ultimately end up collecting from their customers. Is that -- is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And so in your example then what would happen is for every sale the whole -- the wholesaler makes to one of their customers at $6, they would be getting a profit of $2 off of that plus -- I'm sorry, I'm trying to track the -- the number in the example -- $46 from Mallinckrodt, which represents

Q. Okay. Okay. Thank you. That's very helpful. And so we started at marketing analyst, and I -- I take it you were promoted. So what -- what was your next position?

Q. And did your responsibilities change much?

Q. And then at some point you became a full product manager, is that correct?

Q. Do you recall roughly when?

Q. And as a full product manager, what were your responsibilities?

Q. And these products were all -- were all generics, correct? Is that -- is that correct?

Q. When you are an associate product manager, did you have any responsibility for any generic opioid products?

Q. What about as a -- as a product manager?

Q. And who did you report to?

Q. And did you have anyone reporting to you?

Q. And who were they?

Q. And what was your impression of Lou Ann Randall?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. With respect to the performance of her job responsibilities, what was -- what was your -- well, strike that. Do you think Lou Ann Randall was good at her job?

Q. Well, did you -- did you have any concerns with her job performance?

Q. Okay. And in terms -- when you say that people beyond you, were -- I take it are you talking about -- were you talking about Ginger Collier or others that --

Q. -- Lou Ann interacted with?

Q. And what about Lisa Cardetti?

Q. In -- yes, in terms of her job performance, did you have any concerns about her?

Q. Well, you indicated, for example, for Lou Ann when you initially took over management of her, I think Jeff Burd had some concerns about her and probably felt that it -- that it wasn't a good fit with her. Was that the same situation with Lisa or was it different? In -- in terms of how was Lisa perceived within the company with respect to her professionally?

Q. And what were -- you described Lou Ann's responsibilities which were largely, you know, administerial with respect to the -- to the contracts. What were Lisa's responsibilities?

Q. And do you recall what product she had responsibility for?

Q. Did you ever work with people in the compliance department?

Q. And do you recall who you interacted with?

Q. And what was your professional impression of Karen with respect to, you know, her job performance?

Q. And did you interact with anyone else in compliance?

Q. Okay. Did you ever work with Jim Rausch?

Q. And what -- what was his role?

Q. So that would have been a different department from -- from, I guess -- well, strike that. So as a product manager, were you in the marketing department or what department was that?

Q. Okay. And the customer service department, I take it, would have been separate from -- from marketing?

Q. And what were your impressions of Mr. Rausch?

Q. And did you interact with Cathy Stewart?

Q. And what was -- what was her role?

Q. And what was your impression of her?

Q. And generally speaking, in the context of your interactions with Jim and Cathy, what were their responsibilities?

Q. And when you say "in charge of releasing the orders," what -- what does that mean?

Q. And my apologies. What -- what does ERP stand for?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. But it is -- it is essentially like a computer program or a database?

Q. Okay. And EDI?

Q. Okay. Did you -- did you interact with the sales team?

Q. And would these have been the national account managers?

Q. And so do you recall which sales -- which salespeople -- or ob- -- strike that. Do you recall which national account managers you interacted with?

Q. Who were they?

Q. Okay. And generally speaking in the context of your interactions with them, what -- what were their responsibilities?

Q. And what was your impression of -- of -- of Steve Becker?

Q. And what about Dave Irwin?

Q. And Bonnie New?

Q. Victor Borelli?

Q. Now, when you say "aggressive personality," what do you mean by that?

Q. Okay. And what about Tim Berry?

Q. Did you ever have any concerns with any of the national account managers?

Q. Well, professional concerns in that they were -- they were not doing their job properly or they were overlooking things or they weren't -- they weren't advancing Mallinckrodt's goals?

Q. And going back to Jim Rausch and Cathy Stewart, did you ever have any concerns with their job performance?

Q. The e-mail is Bates numbered MNK-T1 6330799. The attachment was produced in native form, but it is MNK-Tl 6330800.

Q. So, Ms. Neely, I've handed you an e-mail and an attachment, and I primarily want to direct your attention to the attachment.

Q. Which is titled "Marketing Roles and Responsibilities April 2008."

Q. And so it identifies you as a product manager along with Rebecca Coyner and Marc Montgomery.

Q. And it says that as product managers: "Responsible for product-related issues, strategies and tactics."

Q. Do you re -- those are fairly broad categories.

Q. You know, what -- what -- what does that mean?

Q. Yes. What -- what were the issues, strategies and tactics that you were responsible for?

Q. And I take it in terms of market share, the -- the general goal was to expand Mallinckrodt's market share, is that fair?

Q. What would be under the circumstances -- or strike that. What would be the circumstances under which you wouldn't want to expand your market share?

Q. Okay. And could you explain that? Why from a margin perspective would it -- would it not be advantageous to pursue additional shares --

Q. -- if you are at 70 percent?

Q. Thank you. That's helpful. For your products, were any of them over indexed?

Q. And I take it if they were not over indexed, then, you would -- your goal would be to expand your market share?

Q. So if you had a -- if you did not have an over indexed product, meaning expanding your market share would not cut into your, I guess your marginal profits, why wouldn't you want to expand it?

Q. Now, you also indicated that in terms of market share strategies, you were also looking at customers that you would like to work with. With respect to the opioid products, what did you look for in the customers you -- you were -- well, strike that. How did you go about evaluating which customers you wanted to work with?

Q. And in terms of your responsibility for identifying and creating relationships with customers, did you work with the national account managers on that?

Q. But in terms of identifying customers to -- to create relationships with, were you doing that, were the national account managers doing that, or were -- were you doing that in collaboration?

Q. Sure. In terms of identifying customers that you wanted to create relationships with, was -- was -- were you identifying the customers, were the national account managers identifying the customers, or were both of you doing that?

Q. Okay. So the sales -- the -- the national account managers would identify, you know, this distributor, let's say it's -- it's Harvard --

Q. -- and say, you know, they would gc out and try to create a relationship between Mallinckrodt and Harvard, is that fair?

Q. And did you have a say over who those customers were? In other words, could you have -- I mean, could you say to one of the national account managers, I think you ought to try to create a relationship with X, or in the alternative, I don't know that we want to do business with Y? Was -- was that part of your responsibility?

Q. Okay. Now, looking at the -- the various products that you were responsible for, both -- actually, let me take a step back. So these are the products you are responsible for as Ap -- of April of 2008. Dc you recall if this list changed over your tenure as a product manager?

Q. Most of the questioning I'm going to have is going to focus on oxycodone APAP and oxycodone. Do you -- do you -- well, were you responsible for those products during your tenure as a product manager?

Q. And is it fair to say that some of these products were more popular than others in -- in terms of demand for them?

Q. And by "larger," what do you mean by that, Mallinckrodt had a larger market share?

Q. And I take it, though, that demand varied between these products, is that correct?

Q. So with respect to the oxycodone APAP and the oxycodone, can you describe the market for those two products?

Q. Well, you had indicated that markets vary -- demand was a function of the market size --

Q. -- and Mallinckrodt's market share.

Q. So in terms of the market size for oxycodone, how would that compare to the other products that are listed as -- as ones you are responsible for?

Q. And what about Mallinckrodt's market share?

Q. Within specific products. So with respect to the oxycodone product, what was -- do you recall what Mallinckrodt's market share was?

Q. What about the oxycodone APAP?

Q. Do you recall encountering shortages of those two products?

Q. Do you recall encountering shortages for any of the other products that you were the manager for?

Q. Okay. In terms of the relative size of those backorders, how did the backorders for oxycodone compare to the other products you were managing?

Q. Did you ever have concerns regarding diversion as it relates to the oxycodone products?

Q. And in terms of -- you indicated that diversion could occur at multiple points in the supply chain. So focusing on diversion at the doctor level, what -- what is the nature of that diversion?

Q. Well, you indicated that you received compliance training on diversion at different levels, correct?

Q. Okay. But in terms of -- well, I guess I'm -- I'm -- I guess another way of asking the question is, what did -- what do you mean when you say that diversion could occur at the doctor level?

Q. And in terms of diversion occurring at the pharmacy level, what did you mean by that?

Q. So if a pharmacy were to knowingly dispense a product for other than medical use, would that be an example of diversion in your opinion?

Q. Well, let's say you had a pharmacy that had a relationship with a doctor and because of this relationship they knew that the doctor was essentially writing prescriptions for non-legitimate medical reasons --

Q. -- and nevertheless they were filling those prescriptions.

Q. You know, in -- in your opinion, would that be an example of diversion?

Q. And in terms of diversion at the distributor level, what -- what did -- what did you mean by that?

Q. And in terms of diversion at the manufacturing level, which would be Mallinckrcdt's level, what -- what does that mean?

Q. And is that the only example you can think of of diversion or are there are other -- are there other ones?

Q. If Mallinckrodt was aware of diversion occurring at other levels, did it have an obligation to do anything about it?

Q. And what was your role in the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. No. I -- I -- I understand. And I guess I'm not asking for you to generally describe the suspicious order monitoring program.

Q. My question is a little more specific in the sense of you received training and I take it did you have a role in the implementation of the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Okay. So you weren't involved at all in the -- in the SOM program?

Q. Or took part in implementing it?

Q. And so you indicated that the order would come into customer service and then customer service would -- would often have data requests. What -- do you recall what -- what were the nature of the data requests?

Q. Sure. You had indicated that customer service would receive orders and a lot of time data requests would come to you --

Q. -- in terms of drilling down into the data.

Q. And so my question is, you know, what was the nature of that data?

Q. Or what -- what type of data were they asking you for?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Okay. And in terms of the historic averages and the data you were providing, was that coming from the chargeback system?

Q. So you were in the marketing department and the sales department was separate. That's -- do I have that understanding correct?

Q. So why would the marketing department be providing this data as opposed to the sales -- I mean -- well, strike that. Why would the marketing department be providing sales data as opposed to the sales department?

Q. Okay.

Q. So, I've handed you copies of an e-mail and an attachment.

Q. The e-mail is Bates numbered MNK-Tl 448772. The attachment starts with Bates No. 448773.

Q. And this document was previously used in another deposition, that's why it has a -- a Ratliff exhibit label on it. This is an e-mail and attachment that Kimberly France sent to you.

Q. Do you recall receiving this e-mail?

Q. Okay. Do you have any doubt that you did receive it?

Q. Okay. And who -- who is Kimberly France?

Q. And do you know why she would be sending you this -- this -- well, actually, strike that. So this document is entitled the "Oxycodone Extended Release RiskMAP Action Plan."

Q. Do you recall ever reviewing this document?

Q. Okay. What -- what is this document or what -- why was this document created?

Q. And what -- what is -- what's your understanding of what a RiskMAP is?

Q. And one of the higher risks could be an increased risk of abuse, is that correct?

Q. Do you recall if RiskMAPs were created for any of your other products other than oxycodone?

Q. And clearly a RiskMAP was required for oxycodone.

Q. For oxy ER. Do you recall looking at the -- the product list from, I believe it's Exhibit 2, whether any of the other products on that list also were subject to a RiskMAP requirement?

Q. And what was the purpose of the oxycodone ER RiskMAP? What was -- what was -- it designed to -- to -- to do?

Q. Do you know why you were -- you -- you were receiving it?

Q. And when you say one of the members for the launch team, are -- do you mean one of the members for the oxy ER launch team?

Q. And the oxy ER product is a generic product, is it -- isn't -- am I right on that?

Q. Okay. So when you are describing cr you are referring to the launch of the oxy ER product --

Q. -- what -- what do you mean by that?

Q. And you indicated that you were sup- -- you -- you were responsible for developing the forecast. What -- what do you -- what do you mean by forecast?

Q. And the sales dollars is, I assume, the -- the volume -- the volume in terms of dollars -- well, strike that. These are -- this is generally the amount you -- you're -- you want to sell or you believe you can sell or both?

Q. And do you recall what market share -- is it -- is it fair to -- to describe this as a market share goal?

Q. So do you recall what the market share goal was for Mallinckrodt for oxycodone ER or oxy ER?

Q. And so when you say "single-source generic," that means Mallinckrodt was the only source of the generic, is that correct?

Q. So your market share would have been, I guess, a 100 -- a 100 percent?

Q. What -- why isn't that correct?

Q. Okay. And so that agreement set Mallinckrodt's market share?

Q. Well, so what -- what was Mallinckrodt's market share, then, for oxy ER?

Q. But it would have been some percentage share of the oxy ER market, right, it would have been, like, 50 percent or 60 percent or some percentage?

Q. Fair enough. But I -- I was just asking, I want to make sure I have the metric right.

Q. And who at Mallinckrodt would have been responsible for coming up with what that percentage goal should be?

Q. Well, this is -- I mean, this is subject to a protective order and it's all confidential -- or your counsel can designate it as highly confidential, so I don't -- I don't believe there are any confidentiality concerns.

Q. And just -- I mean, just in terms of what the -- the market dynamics --

Q. -- were.

Q. So this agreement covers a 15-month timeframe.

Q. Or you -- you believe it covers a 15-month timeframe. And if the market grows between Month 1 and Month 15, does that mean the number of bottles you are allowed to sell increases or --

Q. And this agreement lasted for 15 months. Do -- do you re -- do you recall if it was renewed at the end of 15 months?

Q. Okay. So at the -- at the end of those 15 months, were you no longer selling generic oxy ER?

Q. Do you know if -- if anyone else was allowed to sell generic oxy ER?

Q. And if -- if we wanted additional information on this agreement, the number of bottles, the market share, who -- who would -- who would we talk to? Would -- would you be the right person for this? Would there be someone else at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Fair enough. So in -- in -- assuming that it's -- assuming that it's legally permissible for us to obtain this information --

Q. -- who would have the details, that's -- that's all I'm asking?

Q. Well, his -- I mean, historically speaking, when this agreement was negotiated with Purdue --

Q. -- do you recall who the lead business person was that was overseeing this?

Q. But the -- the person at Mallinckrodt that would have identified what Mallinckrodt was willing to settle for or willing to accept with respect to the number of bottles and the market share, I mean, that -- that would be a business person of some type. Do you -- do you recall who that would be?

Q. So I just have a few follow-up questions on the oxy ER and Purdue agreement. This agreement only applied to oxy ER, is that -- is that correct?

Q. And do you recall roughly when the 15 months ran from, meaning when did it start and when did it end?

Q. Understood. And this didn't apply to oxy IR, is that correct?

Q. Thank you.

Q. So the court reporter has handed ycu an e-mail. It's Bates numbered MNK-T1 563714. Could you review this e-mail for me and let me know when you are done?

Q. So, have you been able to review the e-mail?

Q. Okay. Great. And so I think the way this will work is that this will display on your screen, and then I can, you know, highlight sort of the -- the things that I have questions on. So directing your attention to the back page --

Q. -- this is an e-mail from Victor Bcrelli to yourself, and I believe Victor was one of the national account managers.

Q. And he says -- do you see -- okay. Can you read the -- the sections that I've highlighted?

Q. Okay. And so this indicates -- does this indicate that Mallinckrodt is the sole supplier to Sunrise on oxy 15 and oxy 30-milligram?

Q. Okay. And the reference to PO 259 and 261, that's a reference to oxy 15 and oxy 30?

Q. Okay. But Sunrise -- Sunrise is -- I mean, Sunrise is -- your understanding of the e-mail is that what he is saying is that Sunrise is cut of oxy 15 and out of oxy 30 and Mallinckrodt is the sole supplier of -- of those products to Sunrise.

Q. Is that -- is that fair?

Q. Okay. And then Masters, if you see on the bottom, it says: "Masters Pharma has a PO that is backordered since late October for 7,992 bottles of oxy 30."

Q. "They also have a 31,968-bottle order PO 1644 that is on backorder as well."

Q. And so this would also be in reference to oxy 15 and oxy 30, is that -- is that correct?

Q. Okay. And do you recall these types of shortages with respect to oxy 15 and oxy 30?

Q. Okay. And just so we are on the same page, what is a back order?

Q. And when you say "you choose not to fill the order," what are reasons you might not fill the order?

Q. Okay. Now, turning the page over, can you read that highlighted section into the record, please?

Q. Now, the sentence: "This is largely the result of our previous quota shortage and playing catchup," what is a quota shortage?

Q. So I -- I guess is the issue that the demand for oxy 15 and 30 outstripped Mallinckrodt's quota at some point in time?

Q. And so just so I understand it, you would at -- the -- the quota is measured in terms of -- of API, is that right?

Q. Sure. And so -- and -- and API, does that mean, is that a rough -- a rough approximation of -- of a -- of a pill, is that sort of the -- the unit of measurement or --

Q. So what -- what is API measured in?

Q. Okay. And so you would -- you would request, let's say, 50 kilos for your annual quota, hypothetically?

Q. Okay. So Mallinckrodt requests, let's say, 50 kilos from the DEA. DEA would -- what -- what would -- when you say that DEA wouldn't re -- wouldn't grant it in full, so they would grant you, let's say, 30 kilos and allow you to reapply for the other 20 or how -- I'm trying to understand how that system works?

Q. Well, but what's your -- I mean, what's your recollection of sort of in terms of how -- in terms of how it impacted your job, you're describing a quota shortage --

Q. So what -- what is -- when you said it's a quota shortage, what did that mean to you?

Q. I believe so.

Q. And so that the -- when you say a quota shortage, that means -- are you referring to the fact that Mallinckrodt didn't have the legal -- well, strike that. Are you referring to the fact that Mallinckrodt under its quota couldn't manufacture more product to meet the back order, is that what this e-mail is saying?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. And so the issue here is that I guess Sunrise wholesalers and Masters were coming to you because -- or potentially because of this recall and they were seeking to increase the product they were -- they were getting from you. Is that fair?

Q. Okay. And so when you say: "When it does, I will take care of you" -- "I will take care of your customers to the best of my ability," what did you mean by that?

Q. And who -- who de -- so did -- were you in charge of -- for -- with respect to the oxycodone product, deciding how to allocate the -- the product among the different orders?

Q. Okay. And so just so I understand, you have -- you've got five different distributors and they each have, let's say, 20 bottles on backorder, so in -- in a sense they are owed 20 bottles by Mallinckrodt under the -- whatever sales agreement they have. Mallinckrodt only has 50 bottles, it doesn't have a hundred. And you would determine sort of where those 50 bottles, how those 50 bottles were divided among the five different distributors, is that fair?

Q. Okay. Who would ultimately decide what the allocation was given that you had, you know, the -- the number of backorders exceeded the volume of product?

Q. And in -- in terms of -- of the allocation, though, you would -- so you would look at the -- the importance of the relationship and the book of business --

Q. -- and based on that you would say, Okay. I've got 50 bottles to allocate. I'm going to give 20 to A, 30 to B and C, D and F get nothing. Did -- does that hypothetical make sense, just in terms of -- of how the process might work?

Q. Okay. And then at that point your -- your decision to give 20 to A and 30 to B, that's subject to the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Okay. And presumably let's say the five different distributors are -- well, the -- the different national account managers have responsibilities for the five different distributors.

Q. I imagine each national account manager is -- is presumably going to want his customer to get some portion of that quota, is that -- isn't that fair?

Q. Okay. And so when you say to Victor: "When it does, I will take care of your customers to the best my ability" -

Q. -- what you are talking about, what that sentence means is -- or strike that. When you say: "When it does, I will take care of your customers to the best of my ability," you are referring to the allocation process, meaning that you are going to try to allocate product to his -- to his two customers, which would be Masters and Sunrise?

Q. Okay. So these are his customers. I assume multiple customers have backorders.

Q. He is trying to advocate for his customers to -- to get them their product. And he is, I guess to some degree, pitching you or asking you to allocate to them. Is that a -- a fair understanding cf this e-mail exchange?

Q. And you -- you recall this occurring in 2008 because of recall issues. Do you recall similar shortages in 2009?

Q. Do you recall similar shortages for the other products that you managed?

Q. So this is an e-mail that's Bates numbered MNK-Tl 4916278, and it is an e-mail from you, Ms. Neely, to various people, including what appears to be many of the national account managers.

Q. Do you recall drafting this e-mail?

Q. Okay. But you don't have any -- any doubt that you sent it?

Q. Okay. And then looking on the screen, do you see the reference to: "You have done a tremendous job of meeting historic demand"?

Q. What -- what -- what did you mean by "historic demand"?

Q. So in terms of the chronology with respect to the quotas, though, the quotas were -- were set on

Q. So, this is -- but this is a 2009 e-mail. The last e-mail we saw was November of 2008.

Q. So in early 2009 Mallinckrodt would have been applying for its DEA quota, you know --

Q. -- with knowledge of the recalls, wouldn't it?

Q. But when you applied in -- in late 2008 --

Q. -- presumably your quota would have reflected your assessment of the recall situation, wouldn't it?

Q. Okay. So -- so when they say -- when you say: "However, in light of the Ethex recall, we have all been challenged with the influx of orders we have been receiving and how to best manage them" -

Q. -- is this still a quota shortage issue or is this a -- now a manufacturing issue?

Q. And I'm sorry. You said February of 2016.

Q. Oh, okay.

Q. Okay. Got it. In other words, even if you have the expanded quota from DEA, you're still -- you still need to make the product, is that fair?

Q. Okay. So can you please read that paragraph that I've just highlighted?

Q. Yes, the second paragraph.

Q. Okay. Now, you say "Ethex exiting."

Q. So the -- I take it their product was recalled. Do you recall -- do you -- do you recall them ever reentering the market or were they just -- were they done?

Q. Okay. So to the degree that Mallinckrodt's market share increased because of Ethex exiting, this was a -- a permanent condition?

Q. But you didn't have to deal with Ethex as

Q. And so it -- is it fair to say that the demand in 2009 increased from the de -- strike that. Is it fair to say that with respect to Mallinckrodt's oxy 15 and oxy 30 products the demand in 2009 was greater than the demand in 2008?

Q. Though the -- well, but wouldn't the -- the fact that you are experiencing shortages and manufacturing shortages suggest a -- an increase in demand?

Q. And do you have any recollection of the demand for oxy 15 and oxy 30 increasing over the 2008 through 2011 time period while you were employed at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Well, but even without the numbers in front of you, I mean, do you have a -- a general recollection of what happened to demand for these products?

Q. But you were employed at Mallinckrodt between 2006 and 2011, is that -- do I have that --

Q. -- that date right?

Q. Right. And you were the product manager for oxy from 2008 through 2011, is that -- is that fair?

Q. Okay. And so during that time period, you know, is your recollection that oxy -- I understand that the -- there were market dynamics, but is your recollection that oxy demand generally increased?

Q. Are you familiar with the requirements of the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Okay. And what are those requirements?

Q. Okay. Was it your understanding that a manufacturer had a duty to know its customers?

Q. Have you ever heard the term "indirect customer"?

Q. And what did that term mean to you?

Q. And what about the term "downstream customer," are you familiar with that term?

Q. Okay. What about "end user," are you familiar with that -- that term?

Q. So is -- is "end user" and "indirect customer," are those interchangeable terms?

Q. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm little confused. So I understand the direct customer and I understand the indirect customer.

Q. With respect to the end user, though, the end user is interchangeable with the indirect customer or is -- or the direct customer or both?

Q. Understood. Was it your understanding that a manufacturer had a duty to know its indirect customers?

Q. And when you say it's -- you don't feel comfortable answering, is -- is that because you -- you don't know what the answer is?

Q. Would you agree that there is an opioid crisis or opioid epidemic in this country?

Q. Have you ever heard the term "opioid crisis" or "opioid epidemic"?

Q. And in what context did you -- did you hear -- did you become familiar with that term?

Q. Okay. While you were working at Mallinckrodt, do you ever recall hearing that term, "opioid crisis" or "opioid epidemic"?

Q. And as you sit here today, you don't have any understanding of whether there is an opioid crisis or opioid epidemic?

Q. Do you believe there is a problem with opioid abuse in this country?

Q. Do you know what a pill mill is?

Q. Okay. And what is a pill mill?

Q. Is it your understanding that certain regions have more pill mills than others?

Q. Do you believe Mallinckrodt has an obligation to take reasonable steps to prevent its product from reaching pill mills?

Q. But Mallinckrodt had no obligation to try to combat diversion at the distributor level, did it?

Q. And is it your understanding that Mallinckrodt didn't have an obligation to try to combat diversion at the pharmacy level?

Q. So when you said Mallinckrodt has an obligation to fight diversion, what -- what do you mean by that? Is it -- is it only at the manufacturing level, is it throughout the supply chain, you know, what -- what is Mallinckrodt -- what is your understanding of Mallinckrodt's anti-diversion obligation?

Q. And so with respect to pill mills, though, was it your understanding that Mallinckrodt had an obligation to prevent pill mills from acquiring its products?

Q. Okay. Looking back on your tenure at Mallinckrodt, are there steps you believe Mallinckrodt should have taken or should have taken sooner to try to prevent diversion from occurring?

Q. Sure. Looking back on your tenure at Mallinckrodt, are there steps you believe Mallinckrodt should have taken or should have taken sooner to try to prevent diversion from occurring?

Q. And so do you believe that those programs were effective?

Q. Well, did they stop -- did they stop the Mallinckrodt products from being acquired by the pill mills?

Q. Well, were they effective at preventing Mallinckrodt's products from being provided to distributors that did not have adequate diversion control programs?

Q. Are you aware that certain of Mallinckrodt's customers had their licenses revoked by DEA for diversion-related activities?

Q. Do you believe or do you understand that Mallinckrodt had any obligation to try to prevent its products from reaching these customers?

Q. So your -- your role was just to provide information to the compliance department?

Q. And I believe you indicated that you were

Q. So in terms of being a conduit, though, you were getting the data from where and you were providing it -- well, where were you getting the data that you were providing to compliance?

Q. So, is it fair to say that you're essentially providing information from the sales database and the sales team to compliance for them to make their decisions?

Q. And so compliance in this -- in this regard was dependent upon the data it received from the sales team?

Q. Okay. Well, so, in terms of being a data conduit, you were providing information to compliance from what source?

Q. And did you ever talk to the sales team about their customers or the nature of their customers?

Q. Okay. And would you have provided that information to compliance?

Q. And compliance presumably would have relied on that anecdotal information that you were relying in terms of making its decision, is that correct?

Q. Okay. So -- well, so what were some of the other factors or drivers then that compliance looked at?

Q. But if the information you were providing to compliance was inaccurate for whatever reason, that would be a problem, wouldn't it?

Q. So, Ms. Neely, I'm handing you an e-mail and attachment. The e-mail is marked as MNK-Tl 6330418.

Q. And the attachment was produced in native form, but it's 6330419.

Q. So this e-mail is from Ann -- I'm sorry -- Amy Loomis to a number of people, including yourself.

Q. Do you recall receiving this e-mail?

Q. Okay. The e-mail, the text of the e-mail is: "Another long list of orders hitting excess demand rules."

Q. And then the attachment, I believe, is a list of the various orders that, you know, hit those excess demand rules.

Q. Do you know why you are receiving this e-mail?

Q. Do you know what is meant by "excess demand rules"?

Q. Well, what's your understanding of the general definition?

Q. Okay. And so in terms of how this list gets generated --

Q. -- I assume there -- the -- there are orders coming in to Mallinckrodt --

Q. -- and then those orders are screened against some type of numeric formula. Is that consistent with your understanding?

Q. Okay. And then what did you do -- what did you do with this list after you received it?

Q. Okay. Did you have any role in reviewing these orders?

Q. Well, do you recall receiving, you know, spreadsheets similar to this during your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Well, taking a step back, what was your understanding of the suspicious order monitoring program that Mallinckrodt was -- was implementing? Well, strike that. What was your understanding of the suspicious order monitoring program that -- that existed at Mallinckrodt while you were there from, you know, 2006 to 2011?

Q. Well, do you know if a numeric formula was used to screen the orders?

Q. Do you recall being involved in reviewing or evaluating suspicious orders?

Q. Well, so, do you -- do you recall anything about the process for either identifying suspicious orders or for reviewing them?

Q. Well, and I understand that your -- your testimony is that you don't remember the exact process. I guess my question is: Do -- do you remember anything about that process?

Q. Okay. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt - Neely Deposition Exhibit No. 7, for identification, as of 01/07/2019.)

Q. Okay. So, Ms. Neely, this is an e-mail Bates numbered 449492 and it is an e-mail chain between you and others.

Q. And I'd like to direct your attention to the bottom e-mail that starts on 492 and carries over to 493.

Q. Okay. And that e-mail, it's an e-mail from you to Victor Borelli --

Q. -- and it cc's Michael Gunning and Ginger Collier.

Q. I believe Ginger Collier was your supervisor, is that correct?

Q. And who was Michael Gunning?

Q. Okay. And the Keysource vault program, what -- what is that?

Q. Okay. And do you see at the top where you say: "Per our conversation regarding Keysource and the proposed vault program, we are not planning to proceed for the following reasons:"

Q. And then the first bullet point is: "Rolling 12 months versus ... rolling 12 months sales are 99 percent."

Q. "Rolling 12 months versus prior rolling 12 months sales in Florida are at 1364 percent."

Q. Do you see that?

Q. What does -- what does that mean?

Q. Or what -- what is the significance of that data point?

Q. Okay. Well, I mean, and significantly higher, it's -- it's 99 percent versus 1300 percent, is that correct?

Q. Okay. And then the second bullet point is "KMI," which I assume is -- is Keysource, right?

Q. It says: "Keysource sold 8.8 million in net sales for the past 12 months of which 78 percent is oxycodone IR. For the past three months that percentage has increased to 100 percent."

Q. So, does that mean for the past three months all of Keysource's sales have been oxycodone?

Q. Okay. And then the next bullet point is: "Of KMI's total oxycodone IR sales, for the past 12 months, 94 percent of them have gone through the State of Florida." So this is -- you know, their -- the primary sales area for them is Florida?

Q. Okay. And the next bullet point is: "Oxycodone IR sales represent, to cur total Mallinckrodt portfolio, 23 percent of total net sales. Oxycodone IR sales are almost 100 percent to KMI net sales." Do you see that, what I'm underlining?

Q. And so that indicates that 100 percent of what Keysource is purchasing from Mallinckrodt is oxycodone, is that correct?

Q. Okay. And so, essentially, the reasons that Mallinckrodt is not willing to go through this -- to -- to do the proposed vault program for Keysource --

Q. -- is that they have a -- a very large increase in their Florida sales, they are selling -- for the past three months, they have sold nothing but oxycodone?

Q. 94 percent of their oxycodone sales are going through Florida, and the only thing Keysource is purchasing from Mallinckrodt is oxycodone?

Q. Okay. And these were all -- these were all factors of concern for Mallinckrodt, weren't they?

Q. Well, there were questions and there were concerns, weren't they?

Q. Okay. And then it says: "Given the DEA situation in Florida and the fact that Keysource is so heavily indexed in the State of Florida, we do not want to do anything that might be perceived as driving oxycodone sales in that state."

Q. What is the DEA situation that's being referred to?

Q. And when you say certain distributors had been shut down because of their sales into the State of Florida, do you recall roughly when those distributors were shut down?

Q. Okay. But when you left, you understood that sales into the State of Florida were a cause of concern?

Q. Okay. And then you state: "We do not want to do anything that might be perceived as driving oxycodone sales in that state." Do you see that?

Q. It's there. What do you mean by that?

Q. Well, and how could you drive -- hcw could you drive sales in -- or what actions can Mallinckrodt have taken to drive sales?

Q. Well, and there were things that ycu could do to encourage the sale of -- of oxycodone, couldn't you? So, for example, you know, you could offer you could offer to sell oxycodone for less than your competitors, that would result in presumably more purchases from you, wouldn't it?

Q. And if you were to supply distributors that other manufacturers were not willing to supply, that could also have the effect of -- of increasing demand, couldn't it?

Q. Well, but regardless, if -- if you have a distributor and the only place --

Q. Well, if you have a distributor and the only place they can get Mallinckrodt products from is -- I'm sorry. If you have a distributor and the only place it can get oxycodone from is Mallinckrodt and you fulfill those orders, you know, you are facilitating those sales, aren't you?

Q. Understood, but, for example, we -- we looked at a -- a prior document relating to Keysource. And Keysource -- well, Mallinckrodt was Keysource's sole supplier --

Q. -- for oxycodone. Do you remember that?

Q. Yes. I -- I believe it's -- I think it is Exhibit -- I believe it is -- it is Bates No. 563714. It is an e-mail from Victor Borelli to you. It was the one that -- that started with "Help."

Q. And on -- it is on the back page of Exhibit 4.

Q. Oh, I'm sorry. It is Sunrise, my mistake.

Q. But for Sunrise, you were the sole supplier for Sunrise, is that correct?

Q. And so if you don't -- if you don't supply Sunrise, they are not selling anything to anyone, isn't that fair?

Q. Yes, we are talking about Sunrise now.

Q. Well, but re -- regardless of the -- the reasons that Sunrise, that Mallinckrodt has become the sole supplier to Sunrise, if you continued -- I mean, if -- if you refused to provide products to Sunrise, then they have nothing to ship and sell, isn't that -- I mean, that's a logical statement, isn't it?

Q. Well, but isn't that what Mr. Borelli is saying to you, if -- if we don't ship it, they can't sell anything, do you see that?

Q. And, in fact, they couldn't sell anything because you were the sole supplier to them?

Q. Well, but isn't Mr. Borelli telling you that you displaced all of the other competitors, so they don't have any other sources?

Q. Okay. But assuming that -- that by displacing the competitors that meant that Sunrise couldn't go and obtain its product from other sources and you were their sole supplier, you know, if you -- I mean, if you cut them off, that meant that, you know, the -- the -- the supply of -- of oxy products -- oxycodone products into the market would decrease?

Q. Okay. Why is that?

Q. You are the sole supplier to Sunrise.

Q. You supply 100 percent of their oxycodone product.

Q. On the assumption that Sunrise can't go and get that oxycodone product from anyone else.

Q. If you don't supply that product, that oxycodone product to Sunrise.

Q. They can't sell it into the market?

Q. Okay. Well, could you -- could you read this paragraph then?

Q. And so if you cut Sunrise off, doesn't that mean that they essentially exit the market and there is no -- they are -- you are not going to have oxy coming from Sunrise into the market?

Q. Okay. Did you have any reason to believe that -- that they had options from other manufacturers?

Q. Okay. So prior to the break, we were looking at this e-mail, Bates No. 449492, and in particular your e-mail to Mr. Borelli.

Q. And I was focused on the phrase: "We do not want to do anything that might be perceived as driving oxycodone sales in that state."

Q. And so when you wrote that, what did you mean by "perceived as driving oxycodone sales in that state"?

Q. And so in -- in terms of driving oxycodone sales in Florida, taking a step back --

Q. -- you know, what were -- prior to 2000 -- prior to this e-mail in 2010 --

Q. -- what were things that Mallinckrcdt was doing to driving oxycodone sales in Florida?

Q. Well, but there were things that Mallinckrodt could do to increase its market share, correct?

Q. And so in terms of increasing Mallinckrodt's market share, you know, for its oxy -- oxycodone sales, what were steps that Mallinckrodt was taking to do that?

Q. Okay. Well, if Mallinckrodt offered oxy -- its oxy -- strike that. If Mallinckrodt offered its oxycodone products for sale for less than its competitors?

Q. Would that have had the impact of increasing Mallinckrodt's market share?

Q. Okay. And if -- if Mallinckrodt were willing to pro -- to supply distributors that other manufacturers weren't willing to do so, that would also increase Mallinckrodt's market share, is that correct?

Q. But in terms of the market share assigned to Mallinckrodt and ways to increase that market share, one way to increase Mallinckrodt's market share would be to sell to distributors that other manufacturers weren't willing to sell to, isn't that correct?

Q. But in -- well, I understand that but --

Q. -- as a --

Q. -- as a --

Q. As a theoretical matter --

Q. -- if you are willing to supply distributors in the market that other manufacturers are not --

Q. -- isn't that going to result in an increased market share for you?

Q. Okay. So you have no opinion or you have no knowledge about how Mallinckrodt could increase its market share by supplying distributors that others weren't willing to, you just -- you don't know?

Q. And how that --

Q. Well, so let's -- let's explore that. When you say they have the ability to maintain market share through contracting with different customers, what do you mean by that?

Q. And so you are competing with other generic manufacturers for these customers, are you not?

Q. And so what are things you can do to make sure that you get the customer and your competitors don't, other -- other than price, are there other things?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. So, Ms. Neely, I've given ycu an e-mail chain that's Bates numbered 6320438.

Q. And I want to start with the e-mail on the very back, which is 6320439.

Q. Okay. So this is an e-mail that ycu sent to Jeremy Stamer. Who is Jeremy?

Q. And could you read that first sentence that I highlighted?

Q. Okay. And what did you mean when you say that you could estimate what Florida oxycodone sales should be based on population, demographics?

Q. And did you -- did you reach any conclusions as to what the cause was?

Q. Well--

Q. I'm sorry. Go ahead.

Q. But the -- the analysis, your -- ycur recollection is that the analysis was completed?

Q. But at a minimum, you know, the question was being asked, is that fair?

Q. But you don't recall whether any conclusion was reached?

Q. And what -- what was that end result? The end result was you stopped shipping to distributors that were heavily indexed into Florida. So would -- well, strike that. When you say "heavily indexed into the State of Florida," what do you mean by that?

Q. And so this would indicate that Mallinckrodt concluded that the demand for Florida was not justified by demographics, correct?

Q. But Mallinckrodt's actions in the fall would suggest that it believed that there was unwarranted demand in Florida, to use your words?

Q. But the conclusion was demand was unwarranted?

Q. The conclusion was demand was unwarranted, it may have come from any number of analyses?

Q. Okay. And why did you do that?

Q. And so when you say that you were able to draw inferences that this may not be the place that we want to be operating or these -- or these distributors may not be the people that we would want to be selling our product into, you know, what specific inferences are you talking about?

Q. And do you recall when Mallinckrodt first started to have questions about Florida?

Q. Do you recall reading news articles about Florida as -- as it relates to the abuse of -- of opioid products?

Q. And do you have any recollection of -- of, you know, roughly when those -- when those articles appeared?

Q. And then the e-mail goes on to say: "The budget for oxycodone for fiscal year 2011 is getting scrutinized fairly closely."

Q. What did you mean by in terms of the budget being scrutinized?

Q. And this -- the following sentence says: "Having information that could reflect what our potential downside will be if the State of Florida normalizes to the rest of the country would be extremely helpful."

Q. So what did you mean in terms of Florida normalizing?

Q. And in -- in terms of the question you are trying to answer or I guess the -- the issue you are trying to examine, was it a concern that the overall percentage, you know, as you indicated, roughly a quarter, that was going to go down when Florida normalized, is that correct?

Q. And there was at least in your mind a reasonable possibility that the sales numbers were going to drop because of activities in Florida, is that fair?

Q. And in terms -- when -- when you reference the activities in Florida or the evolving situation in Florida, what was the outcome you were contemplating, what was going to happen, what -- what exactly was going to happen in Florida?

Q. Do you recall when you first started scrutinizing the degree to which a distributor was over indexed in Florida?

Q. But you do recall at one point that was something that Mallinckrodt started analyzing?

Q. Now, Jeremy's response to you is: "This will likely take a few days, and the real challenge will be incorporating the volume that is outside of our tracked channels."

Q. Do you understand what he meant by "volume that is outside of our tracked channels"?

Q. But is the general issue that IMS might not capture all of the prescriptions, is that what --

Q. Then the very top e-mail on the front page, so this is on 438.

Q. Do you see the sentence that reads: "He has been comparing the share by strength for the retail channel by food/chain versus independent to measure part of the at-risk volume" --

Q. -- "and comparing the NA" -- "NPA data to the NSP data to measure the rest by company."

Q. What does he mean by "at-risk volume"?

Q. So this is an e-mail that you sent to Karen Harper?

Q. Cc'ing Jeremy?

Q. And it is Bates No. 262710.

Q. Can you read the highlighted sentence for me, please?

Q. And in terms of the diversion situation in Florida, doesn't that indicate that at the time you wrote this e-mail you believed that there was an increased -- an increased occurrence of diversion in Florida?

Q. And the evolving situation relates to diversion in Florida and an increased risk of diversion in Florida, doesn't it?

Q. And in your words, that situation was a diversion situation, was it not?

Q. And then do you see the last sentence?

Q. Okay. What was the DEA meeting that you are referencing?

Q. Do you know if a meeting with the DEA occurred?

Q. And so I take it you don't recall ever attending any such meeting?

Q. But the end result of all of this analysis is that Mallinckrodt stopped shipping its product to distributors that were over indexed in Florida, correct?

Q. And when you say that's a -- a really important thing to note, what -- why do you say that?

Q. And that's a good thing why?

Q. So it's important to note that simply because it meant you stopped shipping but you don't actually have any idea as to whether that was a -- a positive thing or a negative thing?

Q. Okay.

Q. So this is another exhibit. It's an attach -- it's an e-mail and an attachment. The e-mail is Bates numbered 289707 --

Q. -- and the attachment is 289708.

Q. Okay. So here it is an e-mail between you and Karen Harper.

Q. And you're responding to her request for dollar of sales for oxy 15 and oxy 30 to Florida --

Q. -- per year?

Q. Do you know why Karen was requesting this data from you?

Q. Do you have any understanding of -- of why the focus on oxy 15 and oxy 30 as opposed to other products that were being sent into Florida?

Q. And why focus on this particular molecule as opposed to other -- to sales of other -- either other opioid products or other oxy products tc Florida?

Q. What -- what's special about oxy 15 and oxy 30?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever have questions about sales of oxy 15 or oxy 30 into other states in addition to Florida?

Q. Do you recall concerns about other states being more heavily indexed towards oxycodone products generally along the lines of similar questions for Florida?

Q. Okay. Good afternoon. Okay. So this is marked as Exhibit, I think, 11. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt - Neely Deposition Exhibit No. 11, for identification, as of 01/07/2019.)

Q. So I've handed you an e-mail and attachment. The e-mail is marked MNK-T1 558193. And the attachment was produced in native and it is MNK-Tl 558195. So my first question is: What is the analysis that's being performed or represented in this attachment?

Q. Of course.

Q. Great. And so my first question is a general one. What's the analysis that's being performed or represented in this attachment?

Q. I don't -- I don't believe the letter was attached to this e-mail.

Q. We just have the -- the spreadsheet.

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Sure. I'm -- I'm just trying to understand, what -- what is -- what is the --

Q. -- analysis that's being performed?

Q. And is that -- is that also known as the indirect customer?

Q. So your customer's customer?

Q. And why -- why focus on -- or what -- what was the significance of a pharmacy getting your product from multiple different sources?

Q. And pharmacies that were obtaining your product from multiple different wholesalers would be -- I mean, one -- one thing -- or you might want to subject those to increased scrutiny, is that fair?

Q. And taking a step back, if you identified pharmacies that you had questions about, one thing you could do is ask the distributors that were providing to those pharmacies about the pharmacy, is that correct?

Q. And do you recall if -- if Mallinckrodt ever did that at one point?

Q. Yes, or -- or asking a distributor about a specific pharmacy that you had concerns about.

Q. Do you think it would be a good thing to do?

Q. And in terms of how they -- how they set up their program, you're -- you're referring in your last answer to their sys -- their S0M program, correct?

Q. And how a distributor ran its S0M program and the effectiveness of that program, though, that was a concern for Mallinckrodt, wasn't it?

Q. Do you believe it should have been a concern for Mallinckrodt?

Q. So I've handed you another e-mail that's Bates numbered MNK-Tl --

Q. -- 448850 --

Q. -- and it's a -- it is an e-mail from you to Jeremy again.

Q. And I wanted to direct your attention to the last sentence in the middle paragraph.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And can you read that for me?

Q. Okay. And in terms of pressure, who was the pressure coming from?

Q. But the, you know, one -- one way to do it would be to use chargeback data. That was what was -- the last document was based on?

Q. And in terms of the chargeback data, do you recall when you started looking at the chargeback data for this purpose?

Q. And was it your idea to look at the chargeback data for this purpose?

Q. And who -- who did you work closely with on this project?

Q. And how long had you been collecting chargeback data for?

Q. And the -- the information that you were drilling down on --

Q. -- I mean, that was information that Mallinckrodt had in its possession by virtue cf the chargeback system, right? It was -- it wasn't something that they went out and gathered specifically for this task, it's data that they were already collecting just because of how the chargeback system worked?

Q. Okay. For the -- and it was submitted by the distributors because they needed their -- they wanted their chargeback reimbursement?

Q. So, Ms. Neely, I'm handing you a document that's Bates numbered MNK-T1 270081.

Q. And it's title is "Talking Points for DEA Albany and DEA St. Louis." And it is dated November 1st, 2010. Do you recall that one of our prior exhibits referenced a possible meeting with DEA?

Q. Do you know if -- if this -- if this was the meeting that was being referenced?

Q. And so, have -- Ms. Neely, have you had a chance to review this document?

Q. And I believe a prior document referenced

Q. Do you recall that?

Q. Okay. And so do you -- do you know if this was that meeting?

Q. And does this refresh your recollection as to whether you were present or involved in -- in this meeting?

Q. Okay. But it is -- it is discussing the chargeback system which is something that you were closely involved with along with Karen Harper, is that correct?

Q. And then it says: "Direct customer data," it says "Cedardale Distributors, Master Pharmacies and Keysource, Inc. will not be receiving any oxycodone 30-milligrams." Oh, I'm sorry. Let me put this up. It is easier to follow.

Q. "For the remainder of the calendar year."

Q. Do you know why those three distributors were identified in this doc -- or -- or why the -- why the meeting focused on those three distributors?

Q. Okay. And so -- and the decision was made that you did -- to completely cut off sales to these three entities, is that -- is that correct?

Q. Though it does say "remainder of the calendar year." Do you -- do you recall what happened, I guess, in 2011?

Q. Okay. Given these concerns, would you be surprised if they resumed sales to these entities in 2011?

Q. Well, given your knowledge of these issues and your involvement in this process, would ycu have recommended resuming sales to these entities in 2011?

Q. Then for the indirect customer data, and I take it what we are talking about here is or in this context, this is the end purchasers, is that accurate?

Q. Okay. It says: "Mallinckrodt has no knowledge of these pharmacies or their business model. Mallinckrodt is developing algorithms to be used in evaluating dosage units purchased upon zip code and other information."

Q. And so these were algorithms that would be used on pharmacies, correct?

Q. And were you involved in the development of those algorithms?

Q. Okay. So, Ms. Neely, I've handed you an e-mail marked MNK-Tl 559192. And it also has two attachments which I have also provided to you. One of them is Bates numbered 559194.

Q. And I believe the -- the third one which is an Excel spreadsheet is Bates numbered MNK-Tl 559195.

Q. Okay. So could you please review the e-mail.

Q. Okay. And do you recall writing this e-mail? It is an e-mail from you to Mr. Borelli.

Q. Okay. And why did you write this e-mail to Mr. Borelli?

Q. And was this of concern to you?

Q. And do you see at the bottom of the page, you say: "Steve asked H.D. Smith how they identify these accounts and H.D. Smith noted the following" --

Q. -- and then you have five bullet points.

Q. Can you -- can you read that first bullet point to me?

Q. Okay. And what is -- what did you mean by that?

Q. Okay. Well, did you understand what that meant?

Q. Okay. And would you agree that that is -- that is information to consider in evaluating a pharmacy?

Q. And would you -- would you agree with H.D. Smith in that regard?

Q. Though if a distributor was only -- if a pharmacy was only ordering, for example, oxy 30 from a distributor --

Q. -- wasn't that an issue to look at?

Q. Yes, so that -- well, I guess I had a put it in another way. If the C-II ratio to normal non-scheduled orders was essentially, you know, 100 percent on the CT-II side --

Q. -- that would be something to look at?

Q. Though you -- do you recall the -- the Keysource e-mail?

Q. No. Let me -- let me try to --

Q. That e-mail.

Q. I mean, one of the bases for cutting off Keysource was that they were supplying a pharmacy with -- they were -- they were -- while a pharmacy was getting 100 percent oxy from --

Q. -- that was their only order, right?

Q. So, isn't -- isn't that of concern?

Q. Well, we are -- we are talking -- I don't think we are talking about any particular business practice. I think we are talking as a general matter and for purposes of -- of developing potential screens to identify, you know, pharmacies that could be problematic --

Q. -- isn't it -- isn't one of the things that it is reasonable to look at whether the pharmacy is only purchasing, you know, oxycodone from a distributor?

Q. Okay. And so, with respect to this first bullet point, which is the C-II ratio to normal non-scheduled product orders, you would agree that's something to look at?

Q. Okay. And so let's look at the second bullet point. "If the pharmacy was closed door servicing just physicians." What does that mean to you?

Q. Okay. What about the third bullet point: "Large pharmacies with excess orders." What is -- what is your interpretation of -- or what did -- what did you mean when ycu copied that into your e-mail?

Q. Okay. So when I previously asked you if you recalled writing this e-mail, you indicated that you don't recall writing it, correct? Do you -- do you remember that?

Q. Okay. So then how do you know that you just cut and pasted these?

Q. And you dropped it in without any understanding of -- of what it meant?

Q. But you intended Mr. Borelli to pass this information on to Keysource, did you not?

Q. So doesn't that suggest that you believed the information was reliable or at least should be considered by them?

Q. And so you had no opinion as to whether any of these factors made any sense to look at?

Q. Well, but one of the things that you were starting to do was look at pharmacies, you were starting to look at the customers of your customer, correct?

Q. Yes. Mallinckrodt was doing that and -- and you were heavily involved in that process?

Q. So as part of that process, weren't you required to gain some famil -- some familiarity as to what a distributor would look at with respect to a pharmacy?

Q. Well, then, how -- if DEA's -- if DEA's suggestion to Mallinckrodt is you need to better understand your customer's customer --

Q. -- then doesn't that in part require you to have some knowledge of what a distributor looks at with respect to evaluating its customer? I mean, how else are you going to understand your customer's customer?

Q. Well, was it at -- was it -- was there another Mallinckrodt employee that this would have been in their wheelhouse?

Q. So rereading your testimony, you say how

Q. -- Mallinckrodt's business as well?

Q. Well, but Karen Harper told you, did she not, that the DEA expected Mallinckrodt to know its customer's customer?

Q. And so what did you understand that to mean in terms of Mallinckrodt's obligations with respect to its knowledge of pharmacies?

Q. Okay. But the -- the first bullet point, the C-II ratio to normal non-scheduled product orders, that is information that would be helpful to understanding your customer's customer, would you agree with that?

Q. Okay. Well, let's look at the third bullet point then: "Large pharmacies with excess orders."

Q. Is that something that would be useful in terms of knowing your customer's customer?

Q. What about the fourth bullet point, which is "no physician sales"?

Q. And so looking at one of the attachments, I think this is -- this is going to be -- and my apologies, that's not Bates numbered, 559195. So this is a list of pharmacies that Key -- that, I'm sorry -- pharmacies that H.D. Smith either cut off or severely restricted. Is that -- are we on the same page?

Q. Yeah, I -- I'll represent to you that that -- this is that list.

Q. And this is a list that you wanted forwarded to Keysource for their consideration?

Q. Would you be concerned if Keysource continued to do business with these pharmacies?

Q. Well, and to be clear, these are -- these are pharmacies that H.D. Smith had made the decision not to sell to based on the grounds that they were suspicious, correct?

Q. Yes. And so --

Q. Well, but why would -- why would a pharmacy on this list be suspicious to H.D. Smith but not suspicious to anyone else?

Q. So if it turned -- well, let's look at the other attachment, which I believe is a graph. It's modeled -- or it's Bates numbered 559194. Do you -- you see that?

Q. And so the squares are Keysource Medical and the -- the dots are H.D. Smith wholesale?

Q. So what is -- what is this graph showing?

Q. Okay. And so the fact that -- that Keysource was doing business with a large number of pharmacies that H.D. Smith concluded were suspicious wasn't a concern for Mallinckrodt?

Q. So the answer, then, is no, Mallinckrodt was not concerned that Keysource was doing business with a large number of pharmacies that II.D. Smith declined to do business with or severely restricted that business with because they were suspicious?

Q. And so you had no concerns at all that Mallinckrodt's products via Keysource were making their way to a large number of pharmacies that H.D. Smith concluded were suspicious, correct?

Q. Well, I guess my -- my line of questioning is I'm just trying to understand whether Mallinckrodt was concerned that Keysource was continuing tc do business with -- with customers that H.D. Smith cut off --

Q. -- that's all I'm asking.

Q. I believe it does. So going beyond Keysource, if there were other distributor companies that were continuing to do business with -- with pharmacies on this list --

Q. -- that would be cause for concern?

Q. Okay. And so if another distributor, though, had taken up essentially Keysource's business by servicing these customers, that's something that Mallinckrodt would have considered in evaluating its relationship with that distributor, is that --

Q. -- or should have considered it?

Q. And the last bullet point is: "Pharmacy secondary supplier relations." Do you -- do you have any understanding of what that means?

Q. Sorry. One more question on this. So I understand that you -- you understand what some of these bullets mean and -- and don't understand what other mean -- what others mean. In terms of developing a list to consider when ascertaining whether a pharmacy was suspicious, you know, and this -- this would be consistent with the -- the request or the requirement that Mallinckrcdt know its customer's customer --

Q. -- other than this C-II ratio, would you have any other factors on that list?

Q. Okay. So this is another e-mail Bates numbered MNK-Tl 265441. This is now an e-mail from you to Jim Rausch cc'ing Karen Harper.

Q. If you can take a look at it and let me know when you are done reviewing, that would be great.

Q. Okay. And I just -- I have a question for you about this highlighted section.

Q. Okay. So could you please read that?

Q. Okay. Why did you want to stay away from doctors and pain clinics? Well, let's -- let's take the first category.

Q. Why did you want to stay away from doctors?

Q. Okay. And so -- and this concern wasn't just -- well, stepping back a moment, the general concern with a -- a heavy indexing towards doctors and pain clinics --

Q. -- wasn't limited to Cedardale, if a -- if another distributor had a -- a -- was shipping most of its product to doctors or pain clinics, that would have been a cause of concern, right?

Q. So just so I understand this, though, so you were concerned that Cedardale was taking over Sunrise's doctors and pain clinics?

Q. So what -- why -- why wouldn't -- cr -- well, strike that. What was it about doctors and pain clinics that concerned you?

Q. And so if it turned out Cedardale was serviced doctors but it was servicing doctors that were different than Sunrise and Harvard, that would -- that would not have been of concern to you?

Q. Well, you shopped -- you stopped shipping to them for 2010, correct?

Q. Uh-huh. So in terms of the concern with doctors and pain clinics, though, were those -- were those two categories that you were concerned with?

Q. Sure. And I -- I'm still not clear on it, though.

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. And so if you had a distributor that, let's say, was shipping primarily to West Virginia --

Q. -- and 100 percent of its -- its clientele, its customers, were pain clinics, that wouldn't necessarily be a -- a concern because they weren't Harvard or Sunrise's pain clinics?

Q. That's what I'm asking.

Q. Well, so let me phrase this another way. The fact that a distributor does, let's say, 90 percent of its business with pain clinics --

Q. -- is not necessarily a cause of concern for you?

Q. Well, so, in terms of whether the doctors and pain clinics as a categorical matter were of concern, I mean, that -- that's what I'm -- I'm trying to get at.

Q. And so is your testimony then that you didn't have any categorical concerns about doctors or pain clinics, you were only concerned about the specific doctors and pain clinics that were serviced by Sunrise and Harvard?

Q. Okay. So if you had another distributor that had a large percentage of pain clinics in Florida but they were pain clinics that were different than Sunrise or Harvard's, that wouldn't have been of concern to you?

Q. I want to make sure I understand that testimony.

Q. Well, what -- what information would you need to determine whether or not it's problematic for

Q. And your basis for identifying the problem distributors largely turns --

Q. Well, and it hinged both on Florida and the -- those customers in Florida, right?

Q. Okay. And you don't recall concerns with any other state other than Florida?

Q. Now, just in terms of the mechanics of what's happening in this e-mail, so Jim Rausch, who we've discussed, has identified an order that has been flagged as suspicious. Is that accurate?

Q. Yes. So this -- this order -- well, how -- how did this order come to Jim's attention?

Q. Are you familiar with the term "peculiar order"?

Q. Okay. What does that mean to you?

Q. Okay. And was part of Jim Rausch's role to identify peculiar orders and then gather information on those orders?

Q. And so he is identifying -- or an order has been identified for him as peculiar, and he is now coming to you to ask for additional information on that order, is that --

Q. -- is that accurate?

Q. Okay. But this is an order that was being subject to additional scrutiny, was it not?

Q. And who had the authority to determine whether or not to either fill the order or -- or -- or decline it?

Q. Now, when you say you were evaluating it from a business perspective, though, the -- the top e-mail that you drafted --

Q. -- and sent to Jim, I mean, that -- those are compliance concerns, right, that's not a business perspective?

Q. And so when you indicated that you were evaluating the order from a business perspective --

Q. Yes. And I'm -- I'm trying to understand what it means to evaluate an order from a data perspective.

Q. But there was also some quantitative aspect to this because in addition to looking at the numbers, you were also looking at the identity of the -- of the new business that Cedardale was gathering, correct, because you concluded that Cedardale wasn't taking over the doctors and plain -- pain clinics from Sunrise and Harvard, correct?

Q. So it wasn't just looking at numbers, it was also making a decision about whether the -- whether you were comfortable with the pharmacies or with the -- the end purchasers that were being serviced by the distributor, correct?

Q. And if it had come out the other way, meaning you had determined that the business was coming from the doctors and the pain clinics, presumably you would have stopped the order, correct?

Q. Okay. So who would have had the authority to stop the order at that point?

Q. But your e-mail to Jim is that you don't have any concerns about this order, is that the substance of it?

Q. Okay. And presumably you didn't have any other concerns about the increase -- the increase in order size, right?

Q. Yes. So you -- you didn't have any concerns with the increase?

Q. And so do you know if -- if anyone else -- if anyone else reviewed the increase in the order size?

Q. And do you know if you ever ascertained who the customers were that Cedardale was now servicing?

Q. So this is an e-mail chain that you are on the bottom e-mail.

Q. It's from Cathy Stewart to Karen Harper and then the bottom e-mail that you are on, it's from Cathy Stewart to Karen Harper, Bill Ratliff and you are cc'd along with various other people.

Q. The Bates number is MNK-Tl 290041, so if you could review the -- the cover e-mail, please.

Q. Okay. So this is a 2009 e-mail and its title is "Sunrise Chargeback Summary." Do you recall receiving this e-mail?

Q. Okay. And as -- as you will recall, Sunrise was one of the distributors that the DEA shut down, right?

Q. Okay. So looking at the -- the top e-mail, it says: "Here is the other file...the doctor in question is column CX."

Q. Do you see that? And then if you look at the chargeback data --

Q. -- that doctor is identified, and the Bates number for that one is going to be 290048 --

Q. -- is the page, for column CX.

Q. And, actually, taking a step back, do you know why this spreadsheet summary or this chargeback summary was prepared?

Q. Okay. If I were to tell you that it was prepared in connection with an audit that was being performed on Sunrise, would that -- would that jog your recollection at all?

Q. Now, looking to -- to column CX and the doctor that's highlighted?

Q. You'll see that it's Dr. Schultz.

Q. Are you familiar with Dr. Schultz?

Q. Okay. Would it surprise you to -- to know that he is currently serving a -- a lengthy prison sentence in a -- in a Florida prison?

Q. So Dr. Schultz, though, has been flagged.

Q. And his -- his purchase is .6 kilograms or, I think, 612 -- I'm -- I'm not sure exactly what the units are. Do you -- do you know what the units are for this?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. And what is the 612,000, is that tablets, is that molecules, et cetera?

Q. Oh, no, I -- I -- it -- it's .6, but that's -- so that's 612 --

Q. -- grams?

Q. Okay. Fair enough.

Q. Okay. Now, if you will look at column CW that is right next to Schultz.

Q. Do you see that's -- that's Dr. Shcok?

Q. Okay. And his -- the amount he is ordering is essentially 12.6 kilograms or 12 -- 12 million, you know, whatever that --

Q. -- unit is.

Q. Fair enough. So he is ordering 12 million milligrams of product, which, as you -- you can note from the e-mail is the -- that is the -- the largest out of all of these customers.

Q. Isn't that large number of concern?

Q. But in terms of their -- all -- all of Sunrise's other customers, 12.6 kilograms is the most, isn't that -- that's what the -- the cover e-mail indicates, right?

Q. Okay. And so, you know, they -- they flagged Dr. Schultz for, you know, 612 milligrams.

Q. You know, Dr. Schultz is at 12,597,000 --

Q. -- milligrams?

Q. You know, doesn't -- shouldn't that raise

Q. Okay. But in -- in -- I mean, just looking at this chargeback data --

Q. -- if you were going to perform an audit of Sunrise, isn't one of the -- the questions that you would ask in that audit, you know, what was going on with Dr. Shook, just because of the -- the large volume of his -- of his order?

Q. Well, but wouldn't -- would -- would you agree that the sheer volume, you know, 12.6 kilograms, that volume in and of itself is -- at minimum makes this -- puts it in the -- the -- the suspicious or the peculiar category that requires further inquiry?

Q. Okay. And so what -- what other data, then, would you -- would you want to gather to determine whether or not you -- you, you know, Dr. Shook should be subject to additional inquiry?

Q. Oh, I'm sorry. In going back to that prior exhibit, you don't -- you don't have any knowledge as to whether or not Dr. Shook was part of the audit that was performed on Sunrise, do ycu?

Q. Okay. So this is a letter from the Drug Enforcement Administration to Mallinckrodt and its Bates number is MNK-Tl 421084. So could you take a -- a minute to review this letter?

Q. So this is a letter from the DEA tc Mallinckrodt. Do you recall ever reviewing this?

Q. So you don't have a recollection of ever -- of ever receiving this letter?

Q. Okay. So can you read the bottom paragraph that I've highlighted into the record?

Q. So with respect to suspicious orders, I mean, do you -- do you agree with -- with this paragraph?

Q. And was this consistent with your understanding of what suspicious orders were when you were a product -- or a product manager at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And so this -- this information was -- was ultimately provided to you as well, correct?

Q. Okay. And going back to Dr. Shook, you know, they note that the size -- the size of an order alone, whether or not it deviates from a norm -- normal pattern is enough to trigger the registrant's responsibility to report the order as suspicious.

Q. So Dr. Shook presumably would have fit that criteria, wouldn't he?

Q. Well, and at a minimum, though, I mean, you -- you weren't involved in any investigation of Dr. Shook and you didn't -- you didn't have anything to do with looking at Dr. Shook?

Q. Well, so, then, why did you -- why were you sent this summary worksheet? I'm sorry. I'm -- I'm gone -- I've gone back to the previous exhibit.

Q. Okay. Then going back to this DEA letter. So, can you read the top paragraph of the second page, please?

Q. Um -- sorry.

Q. Okay. Was this your understanding of the inquiry that Mallinckrodt was supposed to undertake with respect to suspicious orders?

Q. Okay. In other words, that it wasn't adequate to just rely on a numeric formula but that additional inquiry should be performed as well, is that fair?

Q. Okay. And that interpretation was in place, you know, as of the date of this letter, which was December 2007, is that correct?

Q. Okay. And that suspicious order monitoring program should presumably comply with the requirements in this letter, is that --

Q. Okay. So this is an e-mail, an e-mail chain or an e-mail from you to Cheryl Nelson and Marc Montgomery, cc'ing various other people.

Q. And the Bates number is MNK-Tl 387257.

Q. Okay. And so I'd like to start on the back page, which is, I think, information relating to the orders.

Q. And if I wanted to -- there is a -- a bunch of numbers or rows of numbers towards the bottom of each of the -- the orders.

Q. If I wanted to get an understanding of the volume of the order, what number should I be looking at? Is it the, for example, the one -- the row that's starting at 577101, is the volume the 4,200?

Q. Okay. Okay. And the same would be true for the bottom. So the column that starts either 708 or 588 is -- that's the -- the volume of is it bottles or is it pills? I take it it's bottles?

Q. Okay. So these orders are a couple thousand bottles, just sort of glancing at the numbers quickly. And so the e-mail from Cheryl Nelson to you and Marc Montgomery, when she says: "Mr. Hall will send a new order on Monday and increase on quantities by 50 percent."

Q. The -- the new order -- the volume for the new order then is it going to be an increase cf 50 percent over several thousand bottles, correct?

Q. Okay. So at the top of the paragraph there is -- do you see the -- the sentence saying: "We have experienced considerable diversion, tampering issues with regard to this customer in" -- "in NC."

Q. What were -- what were the diversion and tampering issues?

Q. Okay. Isn't it problematic to be shipping, you know, thousands of bottles to a customer that has experienced considerable diversion tampering issues?

Q. Well, so who -- who would make the -- who was responsible for making the decision whether to ship this to them?

Q. Well, but I under -- I understand the -- the timing issue that's being raised by the order.

Q. I guess my question is, you have a customer that according to Cheryl --

Q. -- you've experienced considerable diversion/tampering issues and yet you are still shipping to them thousands of bottles of -- of I believe is it -- I believe it's -- is it oxy 30 or what is --

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Well, so, and do you know which SKUs would have been the oxy 30s? Well, or -- or -- stepping back, which SKUs would have been the axles?

Q. Okay. So it is those three products that would have been covered by these SKUs?

Q. Okay. So you are still going to be shipping oxy and morphine to this customer, notwithstanding the considerable diversion and tampering issues. And so, I guess my question is, you know, who -- who made that decision?

Q. But you're signing off on the orders for the methyl and the oxy, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you know what investigation was done regarding the diversion and tampering issues?

Q. Okay. So you have no idea -- you have no idea what investigation, if any, was done with respect to this client?

Q. Okay. And just to be clear, you don't even know if an investigation was done because you have no recollection one way or the other?

Q. Well, I just want to -- I would -- I just want to make sure the record is clear on this.

Q. Okay. So this is an e-mail chain with the Bates number MN -- MNK-Tl 449467.

Q. And it is an e-mail exchange between you and John Adams, among others.

Q. Okay. So this e-mail chain is -- well, the chain -- the top e-mail is John Adams forwarding this e-mail chain to you?

Q. Who is John Adams?

Q. Okay. And why is he forwarding this to you?

Q. Okay. Now, the e-mail at the bottom, it says: "Dear Karen, Please be informed that Rochester Wholesale Drug has secured a new account Old Bridge Drug who will be using Mallinckrodt's oxy 30 milligrams. The account's monthly use is approximately 380 bottles monthly." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So because of that increase, would that have triggered the peculiar order screen?

Q. Okay. And because you were the -- because you were, you know, the person in charge of the data --

Q. -- would that, then, have come to you as

Q. Okay. And actually, Karen's e-mail right above the one I just read, it says: "Heads up from the suspicious order monitoring perspective." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Now, you indicated -- or I think you just testified that this documentation would be showing the reason why. Was -- was that -- was that information important in the context of the suspicious order monitoring that was being done?

Q. Okay. And do you know if -- if any investigation was done into the new account? The -- the new account is identified at the very -- at the very bottom e-mail on --

Q. I'm sorry. It is the very last e-mail on 449469.

Q. So we're talking about Old Bridge Drugs, and they want to order 38,000 units a month of oxy 30.

Q. In terms of the order, the fact that it's an oxy 30 would trigger heightened concern, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you know if -- if any analysis was done of the ratio that Old Bridge Drugs was ordering with respect to oxy versus other products?

Q. Okay. Should that analysis have occurred?

Q. Do you know if any analysis was done at all with respect to Old Bridge Drugs?

Q. And do you know if -- if the distributor, I believe it's RDC, do you know if they did any analysis of Old Bridge Drugs?

Q. Based on your experience with the SOM program and your responsibilities at Mallinckrodt, should some investigation have been conducted of Old Bridge Drugs --

Q. -- in your opinion?

Q. If an investigation was done, would you have been involved from a chargeback perspective?

Q. And so this order doesn't seem problematic to you given that it's oxy 30 and it's 38,000 units?

Q. Uh-huh. So it is 380 bottles and it's of oxy 30. That doesn't -- that doesn't seem problematic?

Q. Okay. And so this is an e-mail involving H.D. Smith and directing your attention -- well, it's -- I'm sorry. It is Mallinckrodt Bates number MNK 267735.

Q. And directing your attention to Bates number 267736, do you see the -- the e-mail in the middle of the page is from Steve Becker to you. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Why is Steve e-mailing you?

Q. Okay. So in terms of understanding the context of this --

Q. The -- the order PO, 472054618 has been, I guess, identified as -- as an order that requires additional information. Is that fair?

Q. Okay. And then your e-mail at the top, do you -- do you see what that -- that says?

Q. Okay. So --

Q. Yes, please.

Q. And so this is part -- this information is being used in connection with the suspicious order monitoring program, is it not?

Q. Okay. And so his response to you is on the middle of the first page. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And so what is -- what is his response?

Q. Okay. So you indicate that orders at H.D. Smith -- or -- or he -- Steve indicates that orders at H.D. Smith are increasing due to improved contract compliance and additional accounts purchasing. Was any investigation done as to who the additional accounts were?

Q. Okay. But that --

Q. And if an additional investigation was conducted, it would have been memorialized in an e-mail?

Q. If an additional investigation was conducted, it would have been memorialized in an e-mail, correct?

Q. And if an additional investigation occurred, though, you would have -- would you have been involved in it --

Q. -- as a conduit between the -- the national account manager?

Q. Do you think it would have been prudent to at least inquire as to who the additional accounts were that were purchasing given the concerns that are being raised particularly with respect to oxycodone by the DEA?

Q. And so that decision would have been made by who?

Q. Now, the e-mail also notes that: "Other distributors may be limiting distribution in California" and that "Andy has cut back and Harvard is not shipping." Do you see that?

Q. Do you know why that was occurring?

Q. So that --

Q. Okay. Though the sentence also notes that: "Other distributors may be limiting distribution in California." You -- did -- did anyone know why other distributors were limiting their distribution in California?

Q. Well, but this is going to be the basis for evaluating a suspicious order, isn't it?

Q. So do you know what steps, if any, Steve Becker took to confirm the information he put in this e-mail?

Q. Would you have been comfortable approving this order based solely on this information without any follow-up?

Q. So in your opinion some additional investigation was warranted?

Q. So this is an e-mail chain between you and Jim Rausch and it is Bates numbered MNK-Tl 264901.

Q. Okay. So the bottom e-mail is a little confusing, but I -- my understanding based on the context is that it's a combination of his e-mail to you and your response to him, is that your understanding as well?

Q. Okay. So that's my understanding as well. So, in terms of this e-mail, Jim is identifying three different orders for you, and he has got -- he has identified one as 85301, the -- I believe the order amount is 12,084 --

Q. -- and the average is 4,620. Is that your understanding?

Q. Okay. And then for the next order, the order was for 25,440 and the average is 3,616?

Q. Okay. And then for the third one, the order was for 85,176 and the average is 28,723?

Q. Okay. Now, this distributor, Cardinal, is increasing its orders -- it's essentially tripling its orders, is that -- is that fair?

Q. Well, if they are going from -- well, they are -- they are tripling -- it is three times the monthly average or close to three times the monthly -- that monthly average, correct?

Q. Yes. And so if you look at the past, the 12-month average, they are -- they are over triple or they are close to triple that average, right, I mean, comparing 12,084 to 4,620, or 25,000 to 3,600, or 85,000 to 28,000, you know, they are -- they are several -- they are several times larger than the -- the 12-month average?

Q. And so your response -- what is your response at the very top of the page?

Q. Yes, please.

Q. And when you say they "do not appear to be out of line," they do not appear to be out of line in light of?

Q. Well, and I -- I guess -- I guess when you say they are not out of line, what is your reference point to the "out of line"? Meaning they are -- they are clearly greater than the -- significantly greater than the 12-month average, so what --

Q. -- what is your baseline?

Q. And so your solution or your analysis was to just look back at the past two months?

Q. Well, and where -- where does it indicate that you are going back, you are taking into account a broader than one-year time period?

Q. Because you were discounting the first quarter of the calendar year, essentially?

Q. Or the business that they were doing with you for the past two months, though, because isn't that what your e-mail response is?

Q. But the whole purpose of giving a yearlong average is that it takes into account both the large orders and the smaller orders, right, isn't that why you are doing that?

Q. Well, I don't know if the purpose is to penalize them or not penalize them. I think the purpose is to identify significant increases and then scrutinize the basis for those increases, isn't that fair?

Q. Okay. So you have a yearly average which is --

Q. And I'm sorry. When you say that this incorporates a quarter of them bleeding down inventories and you are not certain if that is your product or someone else's, what do you -- what do you mean by that?

Q. Well, but why -- why would -- why would that make -- I'm -- I'm sorry. I'm not trying to be difficult. But why -- why would that make a difference in terms of assessing whether -- whether they are -- their -- their order is a significant increase over, you know, their prior history looking back over an extended time period?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. And so part of your analysis, though, depends on why they were bleeding down inventories, is that fair? Their orders were severely depressed for the first quarter of the calendar year but part of that turns on why they were severely depressed, is that a fair statement?

Q. So would one solution, though, to have been to have gone back further than 12 months? I mean, Cardner [sic] is a -- Cardinal is a major --

Q. -- distributor, it's a major client?

Q. But instead of doing two months as -- two months versus 12 months, couldn't you have tried doing, for example, 24 months?

Q. And when you say you looked further back, you are getting that from your e-mail from the fact that you are saying that the first quarter of the calendar year they were bleeding down inventories. That -- that -- that's your basis for saying you looked back?

Q. Well, I'm -- I'm trying to -- I mean, so is -- are -- are you saying one of the things that is possible is you went and you recalculated the average over 24 months, is that...?

Q. Okay. So it's entirely possible, then, that you didn't go back further than a year, you just looked at their ordering history and concluded that they were bleeding down inventories, right?

Q. Well, is --

Q. My -- my questions are -- are sort of going to both, which is you go back two months and that's not -- and Jim has concerns about that.

Q. So your response to him is to say, Well, the orders were severely depressed for the first, you know, the first few months of this calendar year.

Q. And so this average, you know, doesn't reflect their current demand. And I guess if -- if the concern is that the 12-month average isn't the adequate baseline, why not use a broader, longer average, for example, 24 months?

Q. Okay. So if there actually was a significant increase in demand over the past three months --

Q. -- but if there was, should that have been investigated?

Q. Okay.

Q. So, Ms. Neely, this is an e-mail chain which you are copied on, at least for some of them.

Q. The Bates number is MNK-T1 265090.

Q. Okay. So I want to direct your attention to the middle e-mail on 265091.

Q. It is from Brenda Rehkop to you. And who is Brenda?

Q. Okay. And her e-mail reads: "Kate, Have you had a chance to lock at this? The order already shipped, but we do have to do our due diligence to validate all orders on the report. Please let me know." So does -- does this indicate that the due diligence or essentially the SOM due diligence is being done after an order has shipped?

Q. And when you say "on this one in particular," what -- what does that mean?

Q. Okay. And do you have any eye -- any sense of -- of how often this occurred?

Q. Okay. So what was the point of doing due diligence if the order had already shipped?

Q. Okay. And you don't -- you don't have any recollection of how often you were asked to due diligence -- to do due diligence on orders that had already shipped?

Q. And you said the timing is interesting. Why is that?

Q. This is another e-mail chain. It is Bates numbered MNK-Tl 280580.

Q. And is this another -- well, could you please review the e-mail and let me know when you are done?

Q. Okay. And so I'm just trying to understand the process of -- of what's occurring here with respect to this order. It's -- so focusing on the top e-mail from Brenda to -- to Karen, it says: "I know we already talked about this, but here is my response in writing, just in case you need it. Per Kate's e-mail I assumed these orders would be held on backorder. These appear to have been manually allocated by Kate's instruction on Thursday, 10/21 and shipped Monday 10/25. (The peculiar order report runs

Q. And so what -- what is the issue that Brenda is trying to raise?

Q. Okay. And your -- your e-mail response to her, which is in the middle of the Page 20 -- 280581.

Q. You say: "These appear to be orders for their four DCs and are above and beyond their average demand."

Q. "I foresee that we will be back ordering these orders at least in the short term. I will have

Q. So these were orders that should have been subject to the S0M program, is that correct?

Q. But they were shipped before that -- that due diligence was complete?

Q. And so is -- is this potentially another incidence of an order being shipped before the due diligence was done?

Q. And so are you -- are you -- are ycu saying that one of the things that might have happened is you might have only shipped up to the amount consistent with their average?

Q. But if, in fact, they were shipped for the full amount, then that would be an example -- like an instance in which orders were shipped before the S0M due diligence was complete?

Q. Do you recall any instances where an order was shipped and it was subsequently determined to have been suspicious?

Q. And you would agree that as a general matter, though, it would be problematic to ship orders before completing the due diligence -- the suspicious order due diligence as a general statement?

Q. And that suspicious order monitoring program would presumably require the due diligence be done before the order was shipped?

Q. Well, can -- I mean, can you -- can you think of any logical explanation for why it would be okay to ship orders before completing the SOM due diligence?

Q. So just so I'm clear, though, your testimony is you -- you don't re -- you're not sure whether there was a requirement that the due diligence be done -- the suspicious order monitoring due diligence be done prior to shipping the order, you just -- you can't recall whether that was -- whether that was a component of the program or not?

Q. Okay. But we just saw a document where it appears that an order was shipped prior to due -- the due diligence being completed?

Q. And you don't have any sense of how often that occurred?

Q. Well, I'm asking you if it was a -- a rare occurrence, a routine occurrence?

Q. So this is another e-mail chain. Its Bates number is MNK-Tl 560771.

Q. Okay. So the bottom e-mail is an e-mail from Heather Goodman to David Erwin. Do you know who Heather Goodman is?

Q. Okay. And -- but you know who David Irwin is?

Q. Okay. And who is he?

Q. Okay. And based on this e-mail, Heather Goodman is asking for a delivery to a pharmacy for her aunt of 1500 oxycodone 15-milligram pills, is that accurate?

Q. And then this is Dave Irwin to you cc'ing Victor Borelli and John Adams. And do you see this -- do you see the e-mail? It's on the bottom of Page 560773.

Q. Okay. And so can you read that, please?

Q. And who is -- who is -- do you know who Craig Cowman is?

Q. Who is he?

Q. Okay. And when he references "you might want to let Mike know what is going on," who is Mike?

Q. Okay. So Heather Goodman used to work for Craig Cowman at Cardinal and she is asking if you can arrange to have 1500 oxy 15-milligram pills shipped to

Q. -- that's accurate?

Q. Okay. And so your response to Dave is: "I have spoken with Victor and he thinks he can make this happen. Two cases per month to the below pharmacy. He is working on it and should have an answer shortly." Do you see that?

Q. Now, do you recall this e-mail exchange?

Q. And then there is an e-mail from Dave to you and Victor?

Q. Cc'ing John Adams. "I'm sure I'll be talking to Heather Goodman later today so I can clarify this, but I did the math in my head yesterday and this equates to 50 tablets per day. Is that even possible?"

Q. Okay. So, I mean, 50 tablets per day is an -- is an unusually -- or is an abnormally high amount for a patient, isn't it?

Q. Well, but do you know if anyone responded to Dave as to whether it's -- it's possible for someone to be consuming 50 tablets a day?

Q. Well, when you say it is not up to you to question the amount, though, I mean, you didn't know Heather Goodman and you don't know Aunt Sandra and she is -- she is ordering 1500 oxy 15 pills. So, you know, is it -- given that she is asking Mallinckrodt to supply this, you know, isn't -- shouldn't Mallinckrodt be taking steps to make sure that this is a legitimate order?

Q. Okay. But you don't think there is anything improper for a generic salesperson to arrange for the delivery of oxycodone to a -- a relative of a colleague?

Q. And this is occurring in April of 2010 and it is going to Keysource?

Q. Okay. It is April of 2009. But, I mean --

Q. And Keysource was cut off?

Q. And so you didn't have any concerns or any issues with this order?

Q. Well, I -- in particular, you didn't appear -- you didn't have any concerns either?

Q. Okay. So, directing your attention to the very bottom e-mail in the chain, it's -- well, my apologies. This is an e-mail chain that is largely between you and -- and -- of Victor Borelli and Karen Harper, though there are others on it as well.

Q. The Bates number is MNK-Ti 387434.

Q. And then directing your attention to the e-mail to the bottom, which is 387435.

Q. Do you see the paragraph that reads: "The two wholesaler/distributor license suspensions"?

Q. Okay. So could you please read that paragraph for me?

Q. Okay. And so we had a prior discussion about a document relating to doctors' offices and pain clinics.

Q. And part of that discussion involved sort of if there were sort of categorical concerns?

Q. So, you know, does this e-mail refresh your recollection as to whether there were categorical concerns with respect to doctors' offices and pain clinics?

Q. And it was an analysis that was broader than just the particular -- the specific doctors and pain clinics that were being serviced by Sunrise and Harvard, it was a concern with, as a category, doctors and pain clinics in Florida, is that fair?

Q. Well, and then your -- your top e-mail on 387434, which is you to Karen Harper cc'ing JoAnne and Victor, and the -- the e-mail is actually addressed to Victor.

Q. It says: "Vic, The e-mail below refers to doctors' offices and pain clinic, the segmentation utilized was not an addiction treatment clinic." So this indicates that you performed this screen on Keysource for the non-addiction treatment clinic category, is that fair?

Q. Okay. And what was the concern with respect to pain clinics?

Q. Okay. What -- why focus on pain clinics then?

Q. But Harvard and Sunrise had other categories of customers aside from doctors and pain clinics, correct?

Q. And you didn't focus on any of those categories, so what was -- what made doctors' offices and pain clinics worthy of special attention?

Q. And so it wasn't because pain clinics in Florida were a heightened risk of -- of diversion?

Q. And it wasn't because, you know, supplying directly to doctors' offices led to an increased risk of diversion?

Q. And just, you know, stepping back, as a general matter, you don't ever recall specific concerns at Mallinckrodt regarding pain clinics or doctors' offices?

Q. And --

Q. And you don't have any -- you -- ycu don't have any recollection of -- of why there was a focus on non-addiction treatment clinics?

Q. So you -- you don't recall there being a concern with an increased risk of diversion with respect to non-addiction treatment clinics?

Q. In other words, you shut down Keysource even though only 3 percent or a relatively small amount were pain clinics and doctors, that's your --

Q. -- your point?

Q. Well, to be -- to be clear --

Q. Okay. So I'm going to move to strike the portion of that answer that misstates my question, and I'm just doing that for the record. So it's -- it's fair to say, though, that the problem was broader than just pain clinics and doctors in Florida, is that -- is that a fair statement?

Q. Do you recall whatever -- what any of those reasons were?

Q. So this is an e-mail exchange between you and Mr. Borelli.

Q. The Bates number is 44 -- Mallinckrodt T1 449324.

Q. And this e-mail is related to the last e-mail we looked at.

Q. If you look at the top e-mail from you to Victor, it says: "Just sent you something on this, check it out and see if you still think we need an investigation." And in terms of what you sent him, it was presumably the information in the last document about the non-addiction treatment clinics.

Q. Right? So, when you say: "Check it out and see if you think we still need an investigation," an investigation of what?

Q. And those would be the eight -- the eight non-addiction -- non-addiction treatment clinics?

Q. Okay. And so was it up to Mr. Borelli to determine whether or not he wanted to investigate this further?

Q. Okay. So then why are you asking him if -- if he thinks we still need an investigation?

Q. Do you recall what his response was?

Q. Do you recall if a -- an additional investigation occurred relating to this issue?

Q. You would a -- well, would you agree that it is problematic to ask the salesperson whether their account should be investigated?

Q. Do you know if Vic would have weighed in on that decision?

Q. Okay. So this is an e-mail exchange between Brenda and you and others. And this relates to a suspicious order, does it not?

Q. And it's -- it then -- it once again involves Keysource Medical.

Q. And so the -- the bottom e-mail of the chain is -- there is an order for 12,720 bottles of 8B -- 853001 and 12,720 bottles of the same product SKU on July 2nd. Do you see that?

Q. So they are asking, you know, for essentially in two days to be shipped over 24,000 bottles?

Q. Brenda is flagging this as a suspicious order and then Victor Borelli responds. "Brenda, Oxy's movements through the wholesaler and distributor accounts historically moves much faster in the beginning of the month due to monthly quota allocations set by these customers to their customers. As the month moves along, the volumes, orders and movements should taper off quite a bit. I am in a sales seminar for the next few days, so if you could pull up Cognos on this SKU for KMI, you will see an extremely large growth at KMI on all items, especially this one. I believe they sold 47,000 bottles last month and 36,000 bottles the month before." And when he says "especially this one" --

Q. -- he is referring to oxycodone, isn't he?

Q. Okay. And so they sold approximately 40,000 oxycodone last month --

Q. -- and they sold another 36,000 bottles the month before?

Q. Okay. So in your opinion does this explanation satisfy the customer -- satisfy Brenda's question as to why they are ordering so much oxy?

Q. Okay. In your opinion, should this increased demand in this large order have been investigated further?

Q. Well, I understand it -- it may have been, and I guess I'm -- I'm asking, you know, in your opinion, it -- it should have been as well?

Q. Well, focusing on the whether it warranted an investigation, so they are asking -- I mean, they -- they sold 40,000 bottles last month and --

Q. -- 36 bottles the month prior?

Q. You know, that's -- given the volume they are selling?

Q. Shouldn't someone have inquired as to who they are selling to, because this is in June cf 2010?

Q. And with respect to this order, though, you don't know if this order shipped with any additional investigation or not?

Q. Okay. So if I wanted to determine whether in fact this order was shipped, where -- where -- where would I go to look?

Q. If -- if I -- if I wanted to -- I mean, we have data from Mallinckrodt, we have documents from Mallinckrodt. Is there a database that would have -- I mean, just mechanically speaking, if I wanted to see whether or not this order shipped, how would I do that?

Q. Okay. Well, I mean, if you were at Mallinckrodt today and you needed to find out whether or not this order got shipped, I mean, how -- how would you go about doing that?

Q. Okay. Well, in 2010 -- or let's say in January of 2011, if you wanted to determine whether this order shipped, is there a database you could look at? Would it be --

Q. Well, but the investigation would have been memorialized in the e-mail, is that correct?

Q. Well, just as a matter of practice and policy, because you are the Mallinckrodt employee, if there was an investigation, wouldn't it have been memorialized in a -- in an e-mail?

Q. There would be some record of it, wouldn't there?

Q. So it's possible that an investigation was conducted but no one documented it?

Q. Well, I understand that, but based on your experience working for Mallinckrodt --

Q. -- if an investigation is conducted into an order --

Q. -- there should be some record of it, right?

Q. But it's possible that you shipped to them based on this order and then cut them off later, is that --

Q. -- possible?

Q. Well, I'm --

Q. Well, in your opinion, wouldn't it be problematic to send Keysource 25,000 bottles of oxy given that, you know, four months later you completely shut them down?

Q. Well, I understand that --

Q. -- but I want -- I would like an answer.

Q. But the factors that you based your decision to shut them down on, mainly, the large amount they were supplying to Florida and the product, oxy 30, you know, there -- that was information that was available to Mallinckrodt at this time, wasn't it?

Q. You can answer.

Q. Okay. But with respect to the data, that data was available in June of 2010, right?

Q. Okay. And, in fact, the data was -- would have been available in June of 2009 as well?

Q. Okay. And you don't -- you don't recall how far back that chargeback data goes?

Q. Okay. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt - Neely Deposition Exhibit No. 28, for identification, as of 01/07/2019.)

Q. So, Ms. Neely, this is a chart that's been -- that summarizes information we have extracted from data provided by Mallinckrodt.

Q. The -- the actual spreadsheet is very voluminous and its Bates number is MNK-Tl 264293.

Q. But this is a summary of the -- the oxy 15 and oxy 30 pills --

Q. -- that Mallinckrodt shipped to Keysource broken out by year. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And so, you know, you've stated repeatedly that Keysource was cut off in the fall of 2010, is that correct?

Q. But you repeatedly referenced the fact and you repeatedly said that it is important to note that Keysource was cut off in the fall of 2010. Do you recall that testimony?

Q. I'm sorry?

Q. Yes. But if you look at the chart, in 2011 they were added back, weren't they?

Q. Okay. Well, but this -- I mean, according to the data that Mallinckrodt has produced, in 2011 they received 1,000,873 UOMs of oxy 15 or oxy 30.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. In your opinion, isn't that problematic given that based on the careful investigation you conducted in calendar year 2010 you -- you cut them off?

Q. Well, but you were there in 2010 when the decision was made to terminate them, weren't you?

Q. Okay. And so based on your understanding of that investigation, its conclusion and that decision --

Q. -- can you imagine any reason why you would want to start up with them again in 2011?

Q. So this is an e-mail chain between you and others, it is Bates numbered MNK-Tl 290546.

Q. And I'd like to direct you to one cf the pages towards the back. It is 290551.

Q. Okay. So let me know when you are ready.

Q. Okay. So, the -- the starting or one of the starting e-mails is 290551 and it's from -- it's, I think, either forwarding you or a response to an e-mail from Charity Aranda. Do you know who Charity was?

Q. Okay. And so this is an e-mail from Cathy to Karen Harper, she is cc'ing you, Charity and Michael Pheney.

Q. And do you -- it says: "Karen, This is a significant increase in volume, ten times, apparently there are other suppliers unable to get product to them. We've contacted the business manager Kate and their group is meeting today to determine if we will service this customer."

Q. And so the -- the reference to the business manager is you, because you are on -- on this e-mail, is that right?

Q. Okay. And so this is -- I mean, this was a flagged as a suspicious order, is that fair?

Q. And then Karen's response to Cathy is, and cc'ing all of you, is: "Cathy, If Masters Pharmacy is an existing established account in good standing and given the valid business reason that the other supplier cannot fulfill orders, there is no opposition from the DEA compliance suspicious order monitoring perspective to servicing this customer."

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And when she references "a valid business reason" --

Q. -- "that the other supplier cannot fulfill orders" --

Q. -- what is -- what is she referring to there, what is that?

Q. Okay. And then if you turn -- if you skip and turn to the cover e-mail, it's 290546, do you -- do you see the e-mail from Bill Ratliff?

Q. Sure. It is the e-mail at the very front. It is 290546. Okay. And in particular, I want to direct your attention to the paragraph that starts: "Both Kate and Vic have visited the customer."

Q. Okay. So he writes: "Both Kate and Vic have visited the customer in the last 60 days and were able to determine Masters was ordering a large amount from another vendor, much larger than our current level of supply. It was determined that Actavis cannot supply customers with oxycodone at this time, the 15 and 30-milligram product, because of a recall. Supposition would indicate that the other supplier is Actavis based on their market share."

Q. So, did Masters tell you that this was the reason or is this your -- your inference based on -- on other data?

Q. Okay. And the e-mail indicates that both you and Vic have visited the customer in the last 60 days. Do you recall that visit?

Q. Okay. And why would you accompany the national account managers on their business with clients?

Q. And so do you -- do you recall if they communicated to you they were shifting from Actavis to you at this meeting or was it subsequent conversations?

Q. But regardless, you know, Karen Harper and DEA compliance is relying on the information that you're providing to conclude -- or to indicate that there is no opposition from them to fulfilling this order, is that fair?

Q. Okay. (WHEREUPON, a certain document was marked Mallinckrodt - Neely Deposition Exhibit No. 30, for identification, as of 01/07/2019.)

Q. So this is another e-mail chain, it's between -- well, primarily you and Mr. Borelli, though Michael Gunning is also included on it.

Q. Now, you'll look -- if you look at the last document, you see that the timing of this e-mail -- of these e-mails are on June 4th, is that -- or I'm sorry --

Q. Do you see -- No, I'm sorry, the pri -- the prior document regarding Masters and its -- its oxy orders?

Q. Yes, that e-mail exchange is going on June 4th and through June 3rd. And then this e-mail is dated June -- or this e-mail chain is on June 3rd through June 2nd?

Q. So they appear to be discussing the -- the same orders, is that fair --

Q. -- given their -- given their dates?

Q. Okay. So do you see your e-mail on page -- or Bates number 562702?

Q. It is an e-mail from you to Victor. Could you please read that?

Q. Okay. And you reference that these -- that these levels or -- or Masters orders are significantly higher than Cardinal who you have on source. What does it mean to have someone on source?

Q. Okay. And Masters didn't have that?

Q. Okay. And so is it fair to say that you had concerns regarding Masters' orders?

Q. Well, but didn't you -- didn't you have a concern with the nature of the demand for Masters' products?

Q. Well, but you also asked, do you -- do we know where the product is going. So that's --

Q. Well, actually, let me finish the question --

Q. -- and I'll give you a chance to respond.

Q. You asked: "Do we know where the product is going?"

Q. Which means that -- isn't -- that is a question about who the end purchasers are, isn't it?

Q. So -- so I take it you recall this e-mail chain then?

Q. Okay. And then do you see the e-mail responding to -- well, actually, I'm sorry, going back to that e-mail, you say: "Do we know where the product is going? We need to discuss."

Q. You recall to the discussions that you had with Mr. Borelli?

Q. Do you recall if you ever learned where the product was going?

Q. And so the e-mail from Victor to you is -- well, it says: "Kate, The only places that they, Masters, can ship the product to are authorized customers that we approve from the chargebacks group. We only authorize end using customers with registered and up-to-date DEA licenses that dispense product to consumers." So his -- his statement that the only places that the Masters can ship the product to are authorized customers that we approve from the chargeback group --

Q. -- what does that mean?

Q. Okay. And is -- is your understanding that Mallinckrodt approved customers -- well, when he says "authorized customers," he is referring to end purchasers, correct? Because he references the only places that they can ship the product to.

Q. So that would be the -- the authorized customers are end purchasers?

Q. Okay. And so did -- did Mallinckrcdt approve end purchasers -- did Mallinckrodt's chargeback group approve end purchasers?

Q. Well, I mean, regardless of whether it was done in the chargeback group or elsewhere, do you have any recollection of Mallinckrodt approving end purchasers?

Q. Okay. So he also says: "We only authorize end using customers with registered and up-to-date DEA licenses that dispense product to consumers." So what -- what did you take that statement to mean?

Q. And you don't have any recollection of what you understood this to mean at the time because, I mean, it -- he is -- he is -- he is sending this e-mail to you --

Q. -- presumably in response to your question --

Q. -- that you wanted to talk to him and also do we know where the product is going?

Q. Well, why were you having this conversation with Mr. Borelli?

Q. Okay. But in terms of his statement that: "We only authorize end using customers with registered and up-to-date DEA licenses" --

Q. -- I mean, presumably the review, for example, of a suspicious order would involve more than simply confirming that the end user had a registered and up-to-date DEA license, right?

Q. Well, the -- the prior document, 290546 is -- is being -- I mean, that discussion is occurring --

Q. -- in the context of suspicious orders, and so it's the -- it's the same customer, it's their orders.

Q. Well, the -- but just -- just to, I guess, correct something --

Q. -- the e-mail says -- from Karen is: "If Masters is:" -- "If Masters Pharmacy is" --

Q. Okay. Fair enough. If you look at 290546.

Q. The e-mail, and I'm referring now to Bates number 290550, so that particular page.

Q. This is an e-mail we looked at between Cathy and Karen Harper.

Q. And Karen says: "If Masters Pharmacy is an existing established account in good standing" -

Q. -- "and given the valid business reasons." So it -- it wasn't a new customer, I mean, Masters was an established customer, wasn't it?

Q. Okay. So you had done business with this customer before, you were just receiving a -- a large order from them?

Q. And these questions involved the compliance department and the suspicious order monitoring program as well, didn't they?

Q. The --

Q. The first -- yes, the first e-mail chain?

Q. And so when Victor Borelli, turning now to the second document --

Q. -- 562701, when Victor Borelli says: "We only authorize end using customers with registered and up-to-date DEA licenses" --

Q. -- "that dispense product to consumers."

Q. The fact that the end purchaser has a registered and up-to-date DEA license isn't the end of the inquiry with respect to the S0M program, correct?

Q. Okay. And looking at Victor's response to you, though --

Q. -- that's what I'm -- I'm trying tc understand. I'm trying to understand if his response --

Q. -- addresses either the suspicious order monitoring concerns or your business concerns, and that's --

Q. Well, but the general review of Masters' order --

Q. -- was -- it involved both a business component and an SOM component, didn't it?

Q. Isn't that what these two are showing?

Q. Okay. And so --

Q. And so why would Victor be writing to just you and John Adams about the S -- the SOM program?

Q. Well, but I think we can establish that a large order has come in and you've indicated a concern about it, right, that's your e-mail on June 2nd at 5- --

Q. -- -62702, correct?

Q. And then Cathy Stewart has also indicated

Q. -- from a suspicious order monitoring program standpoint and that's --

Q. That's --

Q. But in -- in both instances the concern is with the size of the order, right?

Q. Okay. And so it get -- it -- it popped up on the radar of both you from a business standpoint and the compliance department from an SOM standpoint?

Q. Correct? And so Victor on June 2nd is e-mailing you --

Q. -- and he is presumably responding to someone, isn't he?

Q. Yes. And so one of the things that your e-mail asks is: "Do we know where the product is going?"

Q. And so he is -- I -- I believe, you know, he is -- well, I guess my question is, is he answering that question?

Q. And so, based on these two e-mail chains and your recollection, you don't have any recollection of whether you ever received a response as to where is this product going?

Q. So this is an e-mail between you and Victor Borelli.

Q. And the e-mail that I'm interested in is on 564327 and 564328.

Q. And the starting Bates number is MNK-T1 564327. So could you review that e-mail for me, please?

Q. So this e-mail is from Victor to you, and he says: "Kate, I was thinking about our conference call this morning with John Adams" -

Q. -- "and I wanted to circle back with you on both instances in which you say I did things that compromised your trust in me."

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall receiving this e-mail from Victor?

Q. Okay. And what do you recall about this e-mail?

Q. Okay. And do you recall why you -- why you indicated that you lost trust in him?

Q. But do you -- you do recall a phone conversation with him and John Adam -- Adams where you indicated that you were --

Q. -- venting?

Q. Okay. And it -- it caused you to -- to lose trust in him, is that fair?

Q. Okay. Did you have any concerns that he was providing information with his distributor/customers that he shouldn't be?

Q. And you had asked him not to do this, correct?

Q. Okay. And you don't have any reason to believe that his characterization of the second instance is inaccurate?

Q. Well, you -- do you recall asking him to keep your con -- your internal conversations confidential?

Q. Okay. And you don't have any reason to believe he would be lying about that?

Q. Okay. And so you had asked him to keep information confidential and he apparently disregarded that request, is that fair?

Q. Okay. Do you recall other instances where he did that?

Q. But is it fair to say that as a general matter you had some concerns about his reliability vis-a-vis the -- the information he was sharing with his customers?

Q. But you were certainly upset about this instance, weren't you?

Q. And, I mean, John Adams was Victor Borelli's boss?

Q. So it was -- it was of sufficient concern to you that you raised that with him?

Q. Well, you say that this -- this conversation -- or -- well, I'm sorry. You -- your testimony is because this was something that stuck with me through my career, this conversation, so this -- this conversation stuck with you through your career, is that correct?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Sure. So what made this conversation stick with you?

Q. So what -- what sticks out at you is your reaction to this?

Q. Okay. And, actually, looking -- looking at the sentences that are at the bottom of 564327 and the top of 564328.

Q. "When I was discussing the scenario with Masters, I explained to them that their order size immediately raised concerns throughout their entire organization. They understood the rational behind this based on their purchasing history but their bone of contention was that they weren't getting any direction or information about their orders. They kept asking and probing me with more questions about why customer service didn't get back to them and why nobody could get back to them with solid answers on their order status." So, in response to -- to Victor sharing with them these internal discussions, did Masters complain?

Q. Do you recall why you wanted this conversation to be -- or these conversations to be kept confidential?

Q. And Victor as the national account manager wanted to ship, didn't he?

Q. And so would one reason for him to share this information with Masters which prompted Masters to -- to, you know, start complaining be to, you know, put -- apply some pressure to -- to make a decision and ship the order?

Q. But the end result is that, you know, putting aside the e-mails, the order did ship?

Q. Yes, and if I can just read into the record, it is MNK-T1 562745 and it is a -- an e-mail exchange between you and -- and Victor Borelli --

Q. -- among other things, and you write to him: "You're way too energetic about this shipping thing."

Q. And part of his response is, you know: "Ship, ship, ship."

Q. So previously you had indicated that Victor was aggressive. Do you recall that?

Q. And he was aggressive in trying to serve -- service his distributor customers, is that fair?

Q. Yes, and, no, this document doesn't address whether that order shipped.

Q. Yeah, no. I --

Q. So to -- to clarify that, this -- this document doesn't indicate whether that order shipped.

Q. I have another document, to be -- but to be honest, I haven't found it, so --

Q. -- moving on to --

Q. -- this e-mail.

Q. You know, my -- my question is just about -- about, you know, Victor Borelli and his aggressiveness, which I believe you indicated.

Q. Do you believe he was more aggressive than other national account managers or were they kind of -- did they have the same objective and -- and the same -- the same, you know, approach?

Q. But they were all focused on the relationship with the distributor and including, you know, shipping the product to them?

Q. And so to some degree was there some tension between the national account managers and the compliance department?

Q. Did you ever observe any tension in your role as essentially the -- you know, a conduit or an information provider to compliance?

Q. So this is an e-mail from Cathy Stewart to Bill Ratliff and Karen Harper. You are not cc'd on it, but I didn't want to ask about the very top e-mail.

Q. So the top e-mail is an e-mail from Cathy Stewart to Bill and Karen, and she says: "FYI, the customer service reps all state that Victor will tell them anything they want to hear just so he can get the sale TY Do you see that?

Q. Do you agree with that statement?

Q. Do you recall any concerns by anyone regarding Victor and, you know, the accuracy cr reliability of the information he was providing in the context of -- of --

Q. -- of products?

Q. Well, you -- you know Cathy Stewart, though, right --

Q. -- you work with her?

Q. Do you think that she was generally reliable?

Q. And she cared about the company, didn't she?

Q. So this is an e-mail between you and Victor Borelli and then Victor Borelli and Steven Cochran.

Q. It is MNK-Tl 384139.

Q. And do you know who Mr. Cochran is or was?

Q. Okay. Who was he?

Q. Okay. And so you are providing Victor Borelli was chargeback information on oxy 30, aren't you?

Q. So this e-mail involves chargeback data or chargeback information. Chargeback data was considered confidential at Mallinckrodt, wasn't it?

Q. So do you -- you don't have any recollection as to whether Mallinckrodt was willing to share its chargeback data with other market participants?

Q. And so when Victor Borelli is e-mailing -- is forwarding this information to -- to Cochran --

Q. -- and he says "PS: Shhh..." --

Q. -- I mean, it -- that's -- I mean, that's -- that's because he -- he wasn't supposed to be providing him with this information, was he?

Q. So is this another example of Mr. Borelli sharing information with a distributor client that he shouldn't be?

Q. Well, this e-mail chain indicates that he didn't ask you if he could share this, is that fair?

Q. Okay. And I'm -- I'm sorry. Just to sort of clarify the question and answer.

Q. The -- the e-mail chain does not indicate that he was -- that he ever asked you if he could share this?

Q. Okay. And you don't recall him asking you in a phone conversation, do you?

Q. So thank you. You can -- you can put that document aside.

Q. So in terms of -- I mean, I've -- I recognize that we've been -- we've been going at this for some time, and over the course of this deposition we've reviewed numerous documents relating to the -- relating to suspicious orders. Do you recall that?

Q. Okay. So in terms of your -- you were the product manager for oxycodone from 2008 to January 2011, correct?

Q. So that's around a -- a three-year time period?

Q. Do you recall how many suspicious orders -- suspicious order reviews that you were involved in?

Q. Okay. In terms of a rough estimate, could it be -- would you say it's a hundred?

Q. Well. Okay, presumably it is more than, like, 20 though, right?

Q. Okay. Fair to say more than 50?

Q. But it would be a large number?

Q. Yes, in terms of orders that were being reviewed by this -- this program?

Q. Well, okay. So it's -- it's more than 20 presumably. Is there a -- a number that you'd be comfortable saying it was under?

Q. Okay. So it could be 100, it could be 500, it could be 5,000, it could be 50,000, you don't have any way of knowing?

Q. Okay. Do you recall ever advising that an order not ship?

Q. Though my -- my question here is in terms of your recollection, do you recall during that three-year time period that you were the product manager for oxycodone --

Q. -- ever advising that an order not ship?

Q. Okay. But this was an important component of your job, was it not?

Q. But the oxycodone product was an important product for Mallinckrodt, I think you indicated it was

Q. Okay. And so -- and there was -- there was clearly sensitivity by the DEA regarding the -- the abuse of this product, isn't that fair?

Q. Yes. There was clearly sensitivity by the DEA regarding the abuse of this product, is that fair?

Q. I'm asking you if you agree with that statement.

Q. Okay. And so, you know, this was clearly an important product for both you and Mallinckrodt?

Q. And making sure that this product didn't end up -- or making sure that this product wasn't diverted was an important responsibility for you, was it not?

Q. Okay. So, Ms. Neely, I went back and I looked at the real-time, and I just want to make sure that the record is clear on this. You don't recall whether you did or did not ever say not to ship an order of oxycodone, is that correct?

Q. So it's possible that in your three years as a product manager for oxycodone for Mallinckrodt, YOU never said don't ship an order, that's possible?

Q. And so, I mean, it is -- it is possible then that in your three years as a product manager for oxycodone you never said, Don't ship an order, that's possible?

Q. And if you did say not to stop -- cr if you did say not to ship an order, that would be captured in an e-mail, wouldn't it?

Q. Well, when you say potentially, what -- what -- what do you mean by that?

Q. But there would be some written record of you stating -- or of you objecting to the shipment of an order, correct?

Q. So when you were a product manager, you tracked the overall amount of oxycodone and oxy 15 and 30 that Mallinckrodt was providing to its distribute -- to its customers, correct?

Q. Okay. Did you ever become concerned with the volume of oxycodone that Mallinckrodt was shipping?

Q. And so when you say you had questions about the market and the size of the overall market for oxycodone, when did you have those questions?

Q. And so when you say that you finally saw the -- the -- the big or the whole pieces put together, which was in 2010, what that whole picture was was that Mallinckrodt's products were being diverted downstream, was it not?

Q. Well, based on the growth rate for oxycodone, you clearly had questions about that growth rate, correct?

Q. That's -- that's what you --

Q. -- testified to previously?

Q. And was one of the questions whether this growth rate was reflective of diversion and medically inappropriate uses?

Q. Well, you -- would you agree that sitting here today there is an opioid crisis in this country?

Q. And please refresh my memory then. What is your response, would you agree?

Q. So you've put together all of the data, you dig into the data in 2010, you assemble all of the pieces of the puzzle, but as you are sitting here, you're -- you -- you don't actually know whether there is a problem with opioid abuse in the United States?

Q. Well, but you weren't in the compliance department, correct?

Q. And you weren't in the sales department?

Q. You were in the marketing department, so you dealt with data. So you don't -- you don't know that the DEA only talked to Mallinckrodt about the State of Florida, right?

Q. Okay. But you don't -- you -- you don't know what the DEA was telling Mallinckrodt regarding opioids generally or other jurisdictions where it had concerns?

Q. But when you say that Mallinckrodt did everything it could, you are referring to your department and from a marketing and data standpoint, is that -- is that fair?

Q. But you have no idea how many Mallinckrodt products were diverted by downstream customers?

Q. Well, my question is to you, do you have --

Q. Are you aware that Mallinckrodt entered into a settlement agreement with the DEA or a Memorandum of -- of Understanding with the DEA?
