Witness: Kevin Webb
Attorney: None
Source: MNKOI0004556012
============================================================

Q. Good afternoon, Mr. Webb.

Q. My name is Gary Gotto, as I just shared. I'm with the law firm Keller Rohrback representing plaintiffs in this matter. Thank you for taking the time this afternoon to give us a head start on your personal deposition so we can perhaps get done earlier tomorrow than we otherwise would have been able to. I know you testified earlier today with respect to what you did to prepare for your 30 testimony. Did you engage in any other preparation for your individual testimony, other than the preparation you've already described in the context of your 30 ?

Q. Okay. Have you ever given a deposition before today?

Q. And on how many occasions?

Q. Okay. And what did it pertain to?

Q. Okay. It was a Mallinckrodt-related matter --

Q. Okay. And your -- what was the nature of your knowledge as to matters that were at issue in that litigation as far as you know?

Q. Okay. And what was the brand?

Q. And what type of medication is that?

Q. Okay. Okay. So apart from that deposition, have you otherwise ever testified under oath?

Q. Okay. Can you briefly describe for me your post-high school education?

Q. Yeah.

Q. And what was your undergraduate major?

Q. Apart from your bachelor's degree and your MBA, any other degrees that you hold?

Q. Any other professional certifications?

Q. Any other licenses?

Q. Have you, again, apart from your coursework leading up to your bachelor's degree and your MBA, otherwise taken any other non-degree-related coursework?

Q. Well, let's start with institution of higher learning.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Have you taken any -- engaged in any coursework related to your professional activities?

Q. Okay. Did any of your undergraduate coursework relate in any way to pharmaceuticals?

Q. Okay. How about to the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. And any of the work in connection with your MBA relate in any way to pharmaceuticals?

Q. Or the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Okay. Describe for me, if you would, your employment after graduating college and up until the time you got your MBA.

Q. Okay. And you used the term "home infusion." I'm not familiar with that. What's the nature of that --

Q. Okay. Okay. And describe for me, if you would, your employment after obtaining your MBA.

Q. Okay. So just a couple more questions about your time at --

Q. -- Sanofi. Not Sanofi?

Q. Okay.

Q. So what were the nature of the products that you had responsibility for at Sanofi?

Q. So no controlled substances under the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. So you joined Mallinckrodt in 2007, I believe you indicated?

Q. And what was your reason for leaving Sanofi to join Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. So when you joined Mallinckrodt, what was -- what position did you take?

Q. And how long did you hold the senior product manager position at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And during that period, to whom did you report?

Q. And describe for me, if you would, generally, your duties as a senior product manager at Mallinckrodt.

Q. Okay. Were any of the products that you had responsibility for as a senior product manager scheduled under the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Okay. In your role as senior product manager, did you have occasion to become familiar with any of the regulatory requirements imposed by the Controlled Substances Act over the products that you had responsibility for?

Q. Okay. Did you have any responsibilities as a senior product manager that pertained to the monitoring of orders to determine if they were suspicious under the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Do you know if anyone had such responsibility with respect to orders for products that you had responsibility for as senior product manager?

Q. As senior product manager, did you interact in any way with Jim Rausch?

Q. How about Cathy Stewart?

Q. I believe she was in customer service.

Q. Fair enough. How about Karen Harper?

Q. I believe compliance.

Q. Okay. How about Kate Muhlenkamp? Or you may have known her by the name Kate Neely.

Q. How about Ginger Collier?

Q. So fair -- am I understanding correctly the products you had responsibility for as senior product manager were branded products? Is that correct?

Q. Okay. And who had -- who had senior responsibility for marketing with respect to those products?

Q. Okay. I think you indicated you had the senior product manager position until 2009. Did you take a new position at that point?

Q. What was that?

Q. I'm sorry, a topical

Q. Okay. And what were your responsibilities as product director?

Q. And to whom did you report as product at product director?

Q. And for how long did you hold the product director position?

Q. As product director, did you have occasion to become familiar with any of the regulatory requirements imposed by the Controlled Substances Act over any product for which you had responsibility?

Q. Okay. And am I understanding your testimony that your job responsibilities as product director were very similar to what those responsibilities had been as senior product manager? Is that fair?

Q. Okay. So mid-2013, you took a new position?

Q. And what was that?

Q. And for -- and I'm sorry, what was your title when you moved to the new position?

Q. And for how long did you hold that position?

Q. Okay. As director of advocacy, to whom did you report?

Q. Okay. And did you report to him during the entire time you were director of advocacy?

Q. Okay. What was your reason for moving from the product director to director of advocacy position?

Q. And I think you indicated that when you took the position, the advocacy position, you were starting up that function at Mallinckrodt. So was -- did that position not exist before you took it?

Q. Okay. And if I understood your testimony a few moments ago, the creation of the position wasn't somehow related to the Covidien/Mallinckrodt transaction that was going on at the time. Did I understand you correctly?

Q. Okay. So the types of responsibilities you were to have as the director of advocacy at Mallinckrodt, had there been someone who had similar responsibilities at Covidien?

Q. Okay. So you said you were asked to take the position. Who -- by whom were you asked?

Q. And who -- by name, who was that?

Q. Were you given a formal job description?

Q. At least not a written --

Q. Okay. Were you provided with a staff to assist you?

Q. Were you provided with any specific objectives or goals?

Q. Okay. So prior to taking the director of advocacy position, if I understood your testimony earlier correctly, you didn't have any responsibility for any of Mallinckrodt's opioid business; is that correct?

Q. And what do you mean when you say it was "a placeholder only"?

Q. Okay. So there's -- and is this in the mid-2013 time frame?

Q. Okay. So prior to mid-2013, though, and this transitionary period that you're describing, you hadn't had any responsibilities with respect to any aspect of Mallinckrodt's opioid, whether branded or generic, business, correct?

Q. Okay. So is it fair to say that part of the transition into taking the director of advocacy position was to familiarize yourself with Mallinckrodt's both branded and generic opioid business?

Q. Okay. So as -- at least initially when you became director of advocacy, were your -- were your responsibilities focused on the opioid disposal issue?

Q. Okay. And so you weren't otherwise involved in advocacy related to other products that Mallinckrodt offered; is that fair?

Q. Okay. Prior to the mid-2013 time period, if I understood your earlier testimony correctly, you didn't have any responsibilities at Mallinckrodt for any analgesic products, correct?

Q. Okay. Did you have, prior to mid-2013, familiarity with the -- what you described as the MMA concept and Mallinckrodt's promotion of that concept?

Q. Okay. I'm just trying to understand how you came to develop sufficient familiarity with the MMA concept and Mallinckrodt's related products to effectively perform your advocacy position. So that's really what I'm trying to get at here, is just how you came to an understanding of what -- what Mallinckrodt's position was and what you were trying to advocate for.

Q. Okay. So which products were of particular interest to you in terms of the advocacy role and the MMA initiative?

Q. Okay. And so was there a difference then between the wholistic concept that you just described and the MMA concept?

Q. Okay. And do you know when Mallinckrodt first began to develop the -- or to promote the concept of MMA?

Q. Okay. So prior to you becoming involved in the advocacy function, who at Mallinckrodt was, if you know, was involved in promoting the MMA concept?

Q. And do you know what the impetus was at Mallinckrodt for developing that MMA initiative?

Q. Okay.

Q. You understood, though, when you moved into the advocacy position that one of your objectives would be to foster the development of the MMA initiative, correct?

Q. What --

Q. Okay. And the MMA concept as it existed when you moved into the advocacy position, to the extent it's multimodal analgesics, did Mallinckrodt manufacture all of the different analgesic products that would go into this multimodal approach?

Q. Was there -- were there medical or scientific studies that -- that had been performed that -- that were the underpinnings of the MMA initiative at the time you moved into this position?

Q. And can you describe for me generally what the -- what the general description of this multimodal approach would be?

Q. Okay. And what were the -- can you describe generally for me the steps that you took in your advocacy role to try to promote this MMA initiative?

Q. And you also described this wholistic or balanced approach to pain management.

Q. Did you also understand that to be part of your responsibility in the advocacy role, to advocate for that sort of approach to pain management?

Q. And had anyone at Mallinckrodt -- well, when did Mallinckrodt's efforts in advancing the wholistic or balanced approach begin?

Q. Okay. And so prior to your taking the advocacy position, who at Mallinckrodt was involved in advancing the wholistic or balanced approach to pain management?

Q. And who individually would have been involved in that?

Q. Okay. And so when you took the advocacy position, did you understand one of your objectives or goals to be to -- to advance the wholistic or balanced approach to pain management?

Q. And I think you indicated the Alliance was one of the steps to take in that regard?

Q. Were there other steps that you took in that regard?

Q. Okay. And I certainly understand that -- that program as a diversion interdiction program. Did you also view that as part of the balanced or wholistic pain management initiative?

Q. So you kind of identified three broad areas of interest: patients safety, community safety and advancing alternatives to opioids. Were there any other similar sort of broad areas of advocacy that you were pursuing when you -- when you first took the advocacy directorship?

Q. Okay. Okay. So focusing -- just trying to understand what the steps you then took to try to pursue each of those, in terms of alternatives to opioids, you've already testified about the MMA initiative. You testified about the balanced pain management initiative.

Q. Were there other steps you took in pursuit of the promoting alternatives to opioid dimension of your -- of your advocacy?

Q. I thought you -- I thought one of the areas was promoting alternatives to opioids.

Q. Right.

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And the balanced pain -- balanced pain management --

Q. -- approach, that was also part of the promotion of alternatives to opioids or not?

Q. Okay. So the disposal of unused opioids was part of Mallinckrodt's focus as part of the Alliance for Balanced Pain Management, correct?

Q. Okay. In terms of the Alliance for Balanced Pain Management, did Mallinckrodt play any other roles as part of that organization or group?

Q. Okay. And whose idea was it to start the Alliance?

Q. Okay. And did you discuss it at anyone {sic} with Mallinckrodt before trying to enlist other organizations to become part of it?

Q. Who did you discuss it with?

Q. Okay. And what was your rationale as you -- when you came up with the idea and raised it with others at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And once you got support at Mallinckrodt for that idea, how did you then go about enlisting others to become involved in the Alliance?

Q. Okay. Prior to the Alliance, had Mallinckrodt engaged in any other initiatives to address the need for disposal of unused opioids?

Q. And so what sort of organization was NADDI?

Q. And so Mallinckrodt would make boxes available to NADDI for NADDI to then make available --

Q. Okay. And do you know when Mallinckrodt first began making the boxes available to NADDI?

Q. Okay. Apart from that program of making boxes available to NADDI, prior to the Alliance for Balanced Pain Management, were there any other initiatives at Mallinckrodt of which you're aware to address the need for disposal of unused opioids?

Q. And who at Mallinckrodt was involved in that program?

Q. I want to focus just for another moment on this concept of disposal of unused opioids, because I asked you about it

Q. Sure. My question -- the suspicious order monitoring program at Mallinckrodt, that did not deal directly with the issue of disposal of unused opioids, did it?

Q. Okay. And the red flags video that you mentioned, did that deal with the disposal of unused opioids?

Q. Okay.

Q. Sure, I understand. I'm just trying to focus on the disposal --

Q. -- issue for the moment. And you also mentioned making placebos available to law enforcement. That didn't deal directly with disposal of unused opioids, correct?

Q. And the GPS tracking, did that deal with disposal of unused opioids?

Q. Okay. All right. So focusing simply on the disposal of unused opioids issue prior to the Alliance, understand there was the program of making the boxes available to NADDI, were there any other initiatives or programs at Mallinckrodt that you're aware of?

Q. Okay. So going back now, a few minutes ago you had described sort of three broad areas of initiative in your advocacy role: the reduction of use of opioids, the community safety and patient safety. And we've talked about a few things now. We've talked about MMA. We've talked about the Alliance. We've talked about providing placebos to law enforcement. We've talked about the suspicious order monitoring program. In terms of promotion of community safety, are there other initiatives that you oversaw or promoted as part of your advocacy role?

Q. Okay. Were there other aspects of these type of community events apart -- from Mallinckrodt's perspective, apart from providing the disposal pouches and information about the importance of disposal?

Q. Okay. And I think the third broad area you described earlier was patient safety. Again, apart from the initiatives we've already discussed, were there any other initiatives that you oversaw or promoted in your advocacy role aimed at promoting patient safety?

Q. Okay. And I think you indicated you held the director of advocacy position until the end of 2016. Did you take a different position at that point?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And government affairs, what does that mean generally?

Q. Okay. And so prior to 2017, did you not have responsibility in those areas?

Q. Okay. And so who had responsibility for it during the period you engaged in it but didn't have responsibility for it?

Q. Good morning, Mr. Webb.

Q. Welcome back.

Q. You understand you're still under oath?

Q. Great. We've marked as Exhibit 1 to your individual deposition a one-page document bearing Bates MNK-Tl 0002233547. Would you take a look at that document, please. It appears to be an e-mail from Melissa Falcone to Angela Webb -- I'm sorry, Angela Woods, subject being Kevin Webb. Have you seen the document before?

Q. Okay. Who was Melissa Falcone?

Q. Okay. And who was Angela Woods?

Q. Okay. Would you read through the substance of Ms. Falcone's e-mail, and just read it to yourself, and tell me if it comports with your recollection of your general responsibilities when you took the director of advocacy position.

Q. Great. So does that generally comport with your recollection of your responsibilities at that time?

Q. Okay. And did you have discussions with Ms. Falcone at the time about your responsibilities?

Q. Well, let's look at some of the bullet items in the e-mail. The first one: The strategic development and implementation of the organization's advocacy initiative.

Q. Did you have an understanding in 2013 when you took the position as to what the -- what Mallinckrodt's advocacy initiative was?

Q. Okay. And did you take direction from others at Mallinckrodt with respect to the development of the advocacy initiative?

Q. And from whom?

Q. And when you say "leadership," who are you referring to specifically?

Q. Would that have gone up to the CEO level?

Q. Okay. Did you ever make a presentation to senior management with respect to the advocacy initiative as you were developing it?

Q. Okay. You never made a presentation to the board?

Q. Any committee of the board?

Q. The third bullet item says, "Build coalitions and cultivate relationships with key third-party stakeholders." And is that an accurate statement of part of your responsibilities as advocacy director?

Q. And can you tell me who were the -- the key third-party stakeholders with whom you worked to build coalitions and cultivate relationships?

Q. How did you identify those groups as key third-party stakeholders?

Q. Did the key third-party stakeholders include other opioid manufacturers?

Q. And why not?

Q. Did the key third-party stakeholders include distributors and wholesalers of opioids?

Q. Is there a reason for that?

Q. In the next bullet item, the fourth one, it says, "Advance Mallinckrodt's leadership role in addressing the societal burden of prescription opioid abuse, misuse and diversion." Was there a distinction drawn at Mallinckrodt between opioid abuse and misuse?

Q. Okay. So references to abuse are referring to people who actually consume the product?

Q. Okay. Okay.

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Mr. Webb, we've marked as Exhibit 2 a multipage PowerPoint presentation beginning on Bates MNK-T1 0000910312. Can you -- it's a lengthy document. I have questions for you on a few parts of it, but can you sort of flip through it and tell me if it's something you're familiar with?

Q. Are you familiar with this document?

Q. And what is it?

Q. Okay. And so you were personally involved in the development of this document?

Q. Okay. Turn if you would to slide 4, which is on page ending in Bates 315 down in the lower right-hand corner.

Q. Policy statement, treatment of pain and control of opioid abuse. In the second bullet item that begins with "REMS and mandatory prescriber education" -- are you with me?

Q. Okay. That bullet indicates that the -- the REMS program could be improved by adding measurements of the effectiveness of that education, correct?

Q. Did you establish such measurements over time?

Q. Okay. And describe for me, if you would, the outcome measurement that was incorporated into the REMEDIES program.

Q. And --

Q. And were you able to reach any conclusions over time with respect to that aspect of the REMEDIES program; namely, was it -- were there discernible changes in physician prescribing conduct?

Q. Who was the third party?

Q. And so was this -- was this analysis of physician behavior, did it cover

Q. Do you recall seeing more than one analysis of physician behavior over different periods of time, or can you just recall seeing --

Q. And this report, you indicated it was a third-party provider. It was -- obviously it was made available to Mallinckrodt. Was it made available to others?

Q. Well, anyone outside of Mallinckrodt.

Q. Were there any steps taken in -- to your recollection after receipt of that report to further refine the physician education program and enhance the effects on physician prescribing behavior?

Q. Okay. So did the -- when you say decided not to move forward with it, does that mean you -- well, was the physician education initiative continued after that decision?

Q. Okay. And when you say it was an "opt-in" program, was that true throughout the period that the REMEDIES -- that Mallinckrodt funded the REMEDIES program?

Q. And so if a physician opted into the program, what did -- what did that entail for the physician?

Q. Okay. And so what would -- for the physician evaluating whether to opt into REMEDIES, what would be the benefit that the physician might discern from opting in?

Q. Okay. What was provided through the REMEDIES program to physicians who opted into it?

Q. Okay. Your understanding, though, is there were educational materials made available to physicians?

Q. And then there was some degree of monitoring that physician's opioid prescription practices?

Q. Apart from the self-evaluation provided by the physician, was there any evaluation of the -- or comparison of the physician's opioid prescribing practices after participating in the REMEDIES program and to the practices before?

Q. Through any source.

Q. Okay. Turning back to slide 4 that's in front of you, two bullet items down, "Anti-diversion: Develop and share best practices and suspicious order monitoring, both at the manufacturing and supply chain stage." Do you see that?

Q. Were you personally involved in the development or sharing of best practices and suspicious order monitoring?

Q. Was -- was -- did anyone who reported to you, were they involved in those practices -- in the development or sharing of those practices?

Q. Who was responsible, to your knowledge, at Mallinckrodt for the development and sharing of best practices and suspicious order monitoring?

Q. Okay. Were you familiar in the 2013 to 2016 time frame with steps that Ms. Harper and Mr. Gillies were taking to develop or share those best practices?

Q. Okay. So that sort of anticipated my next question. The verb "share" in this bullet item, do you have an understanding as to the parties with whom those best practices were to be shared?

Q. Do you know if they were shared with other manufacturers?

Q. Do you know if those practices were shared with distributors and wholesalers?

Q. Were you aware of Mallinckrodt obtaining a patent in 2014 with respect to its suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt ever licensed any aspect of its suspicious order monitoring program to a third party after the patent was acquired -- was obtained?

Q. Turn, if you would, to slide 9, which ends in Bates 320.

Q. The top bullet item, market leader, 70 percent -- approximately 70 percent share in addiction treatment; began methadone production in 1947; currently the largest manufacturer of methadone in the world. And those statements were accurate back in -- well, I guess we haven't established. Do you know the time frame when this document was created?

Q. Okay. And so the statements regarding addiction treatment that I just read, were they accurate back in 2014?

Q. Okay. And this reference to 70 percent market share, is that with respect to methadone?

Q. Okay. And so is that the market that the 70 percent is relating to?

Q. Okay. Okay. Turn, if you would, to the next slide, slide 10.

Q. So this slide, opioid misuse is

Q. And there's a citation to the source of those statistics. So would you agree with me that those statistics that are summarized in those two pie charts indicate that overprescription of opioids was a problem?

Q. Okay. Do you -- do you disagree that as of 2014, opioid overprescription was a problem --

Q. -- irrespective of pie charts?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Okay. So the fact that 72 percent of patients that were prescribed opioids reported having leftover amounts does not in your mind in any way suggest that there's any overprescription of opioids going on?

Q. Understood. The fact that patients -- that apparently a majority of patients who -- to whom opioids are prescribed have opioids left over does not in your mind indicate that there's overprescription of opioids going on.

Q. Is that fair?

Q. So the REMEDIES program that we talked about a few moments ago, that was at least in part aimed at providing educational material to physicians to influence their opioid prescription practices, correct?

Q. Okay. And does the fact that Mallinckrodt participated in a program aimed at those ends that you just described not indicate that the overprescription of opioids was at least an issue at that time frame -- during this time frame?

Q. You would agree with me that one way to address the fact that there are, with some degree of frequency, anyway, unused opioids in the home could be addressed by attempting to reduce the frequency or magnitude of opioid prescriptions, correct?

Q. The statistics that are summarized in the pie charts on slide 10, those are public domain materials. Those aren't statistics that Mallinckrodt internally developed, correct?

Q. And did you personally -- do you recall personally reviewing in either of the reports that are cited on slide 10 as sources for those statistics?

Q. Okay. Do you recall any additional -- for example, let's focus first on the pie chart on the left, the 72 percent of patients reporting having leftover amounts. Do you recall any other details with respect to that patient cohort that are contained in that study?

Q. Okay. How about the pie chart on the right, the 70 percent chart? Do you recall reviewing the document that's cited as

Q. And do you recall any additional detail contained in that study with respect to the cohort of individuals that are referred to in the 70 percent?

Q. Okay. Other than the two studies that are cited on slide 10, do you recall seeing any other reports or studies relating either to unused opioids in the home or the source of opioids to people who abuse them, other -- other than the two studies that are cited on slide 10?

Q. Okay. Do you recall either in the studies that are cited on Exhibit 10 {sic} or other studies on this subject matter that you may have reviewed any conclusions or indications contained in those studies with respect to the reasons that there were unused opioids in the home at the levels reflected in those studies?

Q. And what do you recall in that regard?

Q. And understanding there are a variety of reasons, do you remember any of them?

Q. And what do you recall?

Q. Now, we talked some in your testimony yesterday afternoon regarding the various steps that Mallinckrodt took from time to time to try to facilitate the take-back of unused opioids, correct?

Q. Were there any analyses done, to your knowledge, at Mallinckrodt to evaluate the effectiveness of any of those programs?

Q. So if I understood your answer correctly, you're referring to any sort of effort to actually evaluate the materials that are given back by an individual as part of one of these -- one of these take-back programs, correct?

Q. What about any analysis -- for example, on slide 10 we have an assessment of 72 percent of patients receiving unused -- or having leftover amounts. Any sort of analysis over time to evaluate whether that statist工c was changing in light of take-back programs?

Q. Okay. And when you say it's been updated, when do you recall it being updated?

Q. And do you know what time period that updated statistic relates to?

Q. I take it that Mallinckrodt never commissioned any sort of statistical study or analysis to evaluate that issue, namely, change over time in the degree to which patients had unused opioids left over at the end -- after they had been prescribed them?

Q. So did you -- what did you do to try to figure out what would cause someone to willingly give back their unused opioids?

Q. And did you reach any conclusions or views as to what might motivate a patient to do so?

Q. And let's talk first about the first study you described, because I think you indicated it wasn't powered to give any meaningful data. And when you say "powered" in that sense, you mean in the statistical sense of the statistical reliability of conclusions that could be drawn from the data?

Q. Okay. And I take it they were self-selected; it wasn't a random survey, et cetera?

Q. Understanding the statistical limitations on any conclusions you could draw from data from that kind of study, were there any insights that you felt you were able to glean from the results of that study?

Q. Okay. So I take it at least among that cohort, the community risk or the environmental risk was not a particularly salient point for them in terms of this -- whether to give the unused opioids back?

Q. Okay. And apart from that cohort of college-educated, white, older women, you weren't able to glean any insight into patient behavior?

Q. Okay. How about later on? Was there some later point at which you were able to gain such insight?

Q. Now, I think the three messaging areas you referred to for that first study were family safety, community safety and environmental safety, correct?

Q. Now, in a -- if I'm understanding correctly, the take-back initiatives that Mallinckrodt participated in, none of those involved any economic incentive to the patient to give the opioids back, correct?

Q. Was there any thought given at any point to try and to develop some sort of economic incentive to enhance patient participation in the take-back program?

Q. And what sorts of options did you discuss in that regard?

Q. Okay. And what sort of conclusions did you reach?

Q. And reach any kind of estimate as to the cost that would be associated with such a program in order to achieve a meaningful level of participation?

Q. Did you personally have a view as to whether a take-back program that included an economic incentive was something that merited evaluation?

Q. And have you expressed that opinion internally at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And have others at Mallinckrodt, to your knowledge, expressed that point of view?

Q. And I take it Mallinckrodt has never adopted any such program, correct?

Q. Have you received from anyone at Mallinckrodt any response to your expression of your point of view with respect to potential economic component to a take-back program?

Q. Okay. Turn, if you would, to slide 13, which is on the page ending in Bates 324.

Q. This slide talks about establish a national pain -- I'm sorry, a national patient pain alliance. And was such an alliance established?

Q. And what was that alliance?

Q. Okay. The first bullet item over on the right-hand side of the slide says, "Align a disparate group of key stakeholders to coalesce around a core set of principles which will help drive the narrative in action in this national debate." Do you see that?

Q. And were you able over time to align such a desperate group of key stakeholders?

Q. Okay. And can you tell me who the stakeholders were who you were able to align in this regard?

Q. Maybe you can just describe for me by the types of organizations that became part of the alliance.

Q. If you need to consult --

Q. And back on slide 13, the reference to a core set of principles, was such a core set of principles established?

Q. Sure.

Q. Okay. Turn, if you would, to slide 19.

Q. And the reference in the right-hand side, commercial offices around the globe, in the course of your -- performing your duties as advocacy director, did you interact with commercial offices outside the US -- commercial Mallinckrodt offices outside the US?

Q. Okay. How about with global headquarters in Dublin?

Q. Okay. You can set that document aside.

Q. They're not. So, Mr. Webb, we've marked as Exhibit 4 a document relating to the CARES Alliance that's dated September 24, 2012.

Q. I'm sorry, I'm -- strike that. Number -- Exhibit 3 --

Q. -- is the CARES Alliance document dated September 24, 2012, and Exhibit 4 is a CARES Alliance new hire training document dated March 9 of 2018. We can look at Exhibit 3 first, although if you'd like to familiarize yourself with both of them, that's fine as well.

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with these documents?

Q. Okay. And --

Q. Okay. Great. And who is Leah LaRue?

Q. Okay. In Exhibit 3, if you would turn to page 3, there's a pie chart that describes source of prescription drug abuse. Do you see that? I'm sorry, it's slide 4 on Exhibit 3.

Q. And do you know what the source is for the data that's summarized in that pie chart? There is a footnote 2 in the heading. I don't know that the --

Q. I guess there is a reference page at the end.

Q. It would appear to be the 2008 national survey on drug use and health national findings. Are you familiar with that -- with that study?

Q. Okay. And when you say "similar numbers," you mean similar to what's compiled in the pie chart on slide 4?

Q. Okay. And the prior page, slide 3, there are some statistics from a 2012 CDC control and prevention report. Do you see that?

Q. Are you familiar with that report?

Q. Okay. If you would turn to slide 7, which ends on Bates 404 -- or is on page with Bates ending in 4041 --

Q. -- the intent of CARES Alliance? The right-hand side under leadership, the third bullet item is, "Do the right thing." Do you know what's being referred to there? What are examples of "the right thing" in this context?

Q. Okay. On the prior slide, on slide 6, under regulation and innovation, there's a -- there's a graphic in the -- in the slide that shows Covidien with CARES Alliance inside and then REMS sort of as a puzzle piece being dropped into the middle of that. Do you see that?

Q. Do you have an understanding of the concept that's being depicted by that graphic?

Q. Well, just tell me what it means to you.

Q. Okay. Other than that, the graphic doesn't have any particular import to you?

Q. Okay. If you take a look at Exhibit 4, which is a 2018 new hire training.

Q. For just a moment it might be helpful, because actually I was going to ask you just to compare slide 3 on Exhibit 4, which I think is the same slide as is slide 3 on Exhibit 3, correct? You can take a look at the two of them. They're the slides contain -- concerning the 2012 CDC report. So it's slide 3 in each of them.

Q. Right. Which is the CDC.

Q. Yeah.

Q. Right.

Q. And those are -- those slides are compiling the same date or summarizing the same data, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you know if there was -- Exhibit 4 is a document that's five or six years -- dated five or six years after Exhibit 3? Do you know if there were updated statistics in these regards that were available in 2018?

Q. Okay. And if you turn to the next page in each report, the pie charts, again, the two pie charts are summarizing the same -- the same data, correct?

Q. And I think if you turn back to the references page, the source of that data is a 2008 survey, correct?

Q. Again, do you know if there was updated data available on the source of prescription drug abuse in 2018?

Q. Okay. Don't know why that updated data is not included in the CARES new hire package in 2018?

Q. And turn to slide 10 in Exhibit 4, please. And for comparison, perhaps you can turn to slide 17 in Exhibit 3.

Q. And these -- these two slides deal with outreach, CARES Alliance, drug take-back days, correct?

Q. And they both refer to an August 2011 and a February 2012 event, correct?

Q. And then the Exhibit 3 also refers to a September 2012 event, correct?

Q. So these are -- these are sort of community take-back -- drug take-back events that Mallinckrodt was involved with, correct?

Q. And were there other such events that the CARES Alliance was involved in other than -- than the events that are described on these slides?

Q. You're not aware of any such other events?

Q. Okay. And how about Mallinckrodt? Were there other such community events that Mallinckrodt was involved in other than the ones described on these slides?

Q. And can you give me a sense of the frequency of those events?

Q. Okay. Do you have an understanding as to why there were no CARES Alliance take-back events of the types described on these slides, at least to your knowledge, after September 2012?

Q. And the events that are described on these slides, these were not DEA events, correct?

Q. Okay. You can put those aside.

Q. Mr. Webb, before the break you indicated that CARES Alliance was discontinued at some point. When was that discontinued?

Q. And do you know the reason it was discontinued?

Q. And a little earlier in your testimony when you were discussing the REMEDIES program, I think you indicated that

Q. Okay. And do you know what additional steps a physician would need to take to achieve the REMS certification with respect to Mallinckrodt products?

Q. Well, strike that. Just explain to me your understanding of the REMS certification process for physicians.

Q. Okay. And what is the benefit to the physician of obtaining the certification?

Q. Is the REMS certification required in order for a physician to prescribe opioids?

Q. Okay. Are you aware of any studies with respect to the opioid prescription practices of physicians who have obtained the REMS certification as compared to physicians who have not?

Q. Would you look back at Exhibit 2 for just a moment and in particular slide 10? It's the slide we discussed a little earlier today with the 72 percent and the 70 percent pie charts.

Q. Okay. So this is a slide -- did you participate in putting this slide together?

Q. Okay. And it -- it shows us the two statistics as we've already discussed here this morning regarding unused opioids and -- and the source of opioids for abusers. Can you tell me why those two statistics were put side-by-side on this slide?

Q. Okay. So it's sort of a -- an input/output analysis in this whole diversion question, right? The input is these unused opioids, and the output is friends -- abusing friends who get these opioids from their friends and relatives, right?

Q. Okay. And the lead-in on this slide is that Mallinckrodt is committed to taking an active role in addressing prescription opioid misuse, abuse and diversion. And I understand from your testimony earlier that the take-back programs were a step intended to address the phenomenon that's summarized in the statistics on Exhibit 10 -- slide 10 in Exhibit 2, correct?

Q. Okay. Apart from those take-back programs, were there other steps that you personally considered for Mallinckrodt to take to deal with the phenomenon that's depicted by the statistics on slide 10?

Q. Okay. Were there other potential actions that you personally considered?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can put that aside for now. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Mr. Webb, we've marked as Exhibit 5 a multipage letter to Chairman Charles Schwertner of the Texas State Senate. It's Bates MNK-T1 0000867603 through 617. Take a look at that document, and tell me if you're familiar with it.

Q. Okay. It appears to be -- turn to page 3. It appears to be signed by Derek Naten, the senior director of government affairs and advocacy relations; is that correct?

Q. And this is dated August of 2014. Did you report to Mr. Naten at that time?

Q. Okay. Did you have any involvement in preparing any portions of the materials included in Exhibit 5?

Q. Okay. Do you recall being aware back in mid-2014 that Mallinckrodt -- that Mr. Naten, on behalf of Mallinckrodt, was submitting testimony to the Texas Senate Health and Human Services Committee?

Q. Okay. You don't recall any conversations with Mr. Naten regarding the preparation of any -- of this -- these materials?

Q. Okay. Do you recall being aware back in mid-2014 of Mallinckrodt or Mr. Naten having received a request from the Texas State Senate for information regarding prescription drug abuse?

Q. Okay. All right. You can put that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 6 a two-page document beginning at MNK-T1 0000747187. It's a two-page letter to John McCarthy, the director of Ohio Medicaid, from Robert Twillman, the director of policy and advocacy, the American Academy of Pain Management. Would you look at that letter and tell me if you're familiar with it?

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with Robert Twillman?

Q. And who is he?

Q. Okay. And to your knowledge, what is the American Academy of Pain Management?

Q. Okay. Did Mallinckrodt participate in any way in the American Academy of Pain Management?

Q. Okay. And did you personally -- were you personally involved in that activity?

Q. Okay. Do you know who would have participated in those meetings on Mallinckrodt's behalf?

Q. Do you recall at any point having any personal interaction with Robert Twillman?

Q. In what context?

Q. Okay. In the letter that's Exhibit 6, you'll see on the second page the paragraph that begins, "In light of Ohio's concern." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And he -- Dr. Twillman suggests that Ohio Medicaid second tier include the following products, one of them being Exalgo. Do you see that?

Q. And Exalgo is a Mallinckrodt brand, correct?

Q. Have you -- and I take it you had no involvement in Dr. Twillman's preparation of this letter, Exhibit 6, correct?

Q. In your interactions with Dr. Twillman, have you ever had occasion to discuss any suggestions that Dr. Twillman advance to any state or federal agencies with respect to the adoption of any Mallinckrodt brand as a second tier or other approved medication?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 7 a lengthy document bearing Bates MNK-T1 0001161164 through 1161237. It's a lengthy document. Would you take a look at it, though, and tell me if you're familiar with this document?

Q. And what is it?

Q. Okay. Did you have any involvement in the preparation of this module?

Q. Okay. How did you become familiar with it?

Q. Okay. Turn, if you would, to page 22 of Exhibit 7. There's a paragraph in the -- sort of the middle of the page that begins with "some physicians." Do you see that?

Q. It says, "Some physicians may be reluctant to prescribe opioids, and some patients may be reluctant to take opioids because of the fear of addiction." Do you see that?

Q. And do you believe that to be a true statement?

Q. Okay. And do you know what the source is for -- for that statement in this document?

Q. Okay. And that's listed on page 63 of the document, correct?

Q. And are you familiar with that -- with that textbook?

Q. Okay. Turning back to page 22, the paragraph goes on to say, "However, research shows that physicians, patients and their families frequently overestimate the risk of addiction and often confuse physical dependence with addiction." Do you see that?

Q. And it cites the same work as the source for that statement, correct?

Q. And do you believe that to be a true statement?

Q. Okay. Are you personally familiar with research of the type described in that sentence?

Q. Yes.

Q. Okay. You don't recall ever reviewing any report or other research output that addressed that topic?

Q. Do you recall at any point having any conversations or other communications with anyone at Mallinckrodt with respect to physician or patient reluctance with regard to opioids because of the fear of addiction as described in the first sentence of this paragraph?

Q. And what kinds of communications can you recall in that regard?

Q. Okay. So one way to address it would be the MMA concept, correct?

Q. Are there other ways to address it that you can recall discussing or communicating with others at Mallinckrodt about?

Q. Okay. And you're aware, aren't you, of materials provided by Mallinckrodt to physicians that characterized the risk of addiction associated with opioids? Correct?

Q. And you -- and those -- those materials include characterizations as to the degree of that risk, right?

Q. Okay. And do you recall discussions with anyone at Mallinckrodt at any point or other communications regarding physician or patient overestimation of the risk of addiction as described in the second sentence of this paragraph?

Q. Okay. Give me just a moment, please.

Q. We're going to come back to it, but I wanted to refer you to one of the -- well, this was marked as an exhibit in your 30 deposition yesterday. Well, I'll just show it to you. We were discussing a moment ago statements regarding the degree of risk or the frequency of risk of addiction, and this is on -- well, the document begins Bates MNK-Tl 0002183036, and this is on page ending in 3040. And this is language I think you went over with Mr. Kawamoto yesterday, but there's a --

Q. Yeah. Under "monitor" there's a bullet item that says, "addiction is rare absent the history of abuse," correct?

Q. Okay. And so that would be an example of information provided by Mallinckrodt to physicians that characterizes the nature of the risk of addiction associated with opioids, correct?

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with that concept, that opioid -- the risk of opioid addiction -- I'll read it so I'm quoting it -- that "addiction rarely occurs unless there's a history of abuse." Independent of this document, have you heard -- heard that concept expressed at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Again, independent of the document I just showed you, Exhibit 3 from your 30 deposition, do you recall seeing any other documents produced by Mallinckrodt that contain statements to the effect that opioid addiction rarely occurs unless there's a history of abuse?

Q. Okay. Again, independent of your deposition experience. I'm talking about your day-to-day work experience at Mallinckrodt. Do you recall in that context ever becoming aware of materials prepared by Mallinckrodt that contained statements to that effect, namely, that the occurrence of opioid addiction was rare absent a history of abuse?

Q. Okay. Okay. We can set aside Exhibit 7. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. We have marked as Exhibit 8 a two-page document beginning at Bates MNK-Tl 0000935939. It's on the letterhead of Cerberus Capital Management, LP. Do you know who Cerberus Capital Management, LP, is?

Q. Okay. This document makes reference to something called Project Georgetown. Are you familiar with that -- with that phrase, "Project Georgetown"?

Q. What do you know that to be?

Q. Okay. Did you have any personal involvement in any aspects of Project Georgetown?

Q. Okay. And who can you recall being -- organizations that were looking at acquiring the company that you interacted with?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And do you recall if Cerberus Capital Management had any role in those considerations?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Understanding that you're not familiar with who Cerberus is, directing your attention to the language under the heading C, roman 1, in the middle of the page, do you see, "It is our understanding that when OxyContin ADF formulation was approved in April of 2013, the FDA also separately announced that it would remove the old formulation of OxyContin from the market for safety reasons and would also not accept or approve any generics for the old formulation." Do you see that language?

Q. Are you familiar with those circumstances that are described in that language?

Q. Okay. And is your understanding of those circumstances consistent with what's described in that language?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. The language then goes on under number 1 to say, "Please describe your view on whether you believe this will or will not happen to the products that are legacy versions of existing ADF products in the market." Is that an issue with which you had any involvement as advocacy director at Mallinckrodt, namely, with respect to whether legacy versions -- that this removal of the FDA approval would occur with respect to legacy versions of ADF products as described in this document?

Q. Okay. Under -- paragraph 3, and it's under the same heading, there's a reference to RoxyBond, the first IR ADF product. Is RoxyBond a Mallinckrodt product?

Q. Okay. Do you know whose product RoxyBond is?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 9 a one-page e-mail bearing Bates MNK-Tl 0000885001, and I will also hand you what we've marked as Exhibit 10, which I believe is the attachment to that e-mail. And Exhibit 10 is a lengthy document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000885023. Would you please look at those documents and tell me if you're familiar with them?

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with those materials?

Q. Okay. Great. In Exhibit 9, it's an e-mail that you addressed to Tamara Fraley and Jolynn Ringgenberg. Who is Ms. Ringgenberg?

Q. Okay. Great. And the attachment is a prescription opioid stakeholder mapping desk report and report of findings prepared by APCO, correct?

Q. And APCO is a third-party provider for Mallinckrodt, right?

Q. Well, it's a third party with whom Mallinckrodt contracted to perform certain services, correct?

Q. Okay. And were you involved in contracting with APCO to prepare the report that's -- that is Exhibit 10?

Q. Okay. Do you know what the purpose was for contracting with APCO to prepare Exhibit 10?

Q. Okay. If you turn to page 3 of the report ending in Bates 5027, there's -- in the middle of the page a paragraph with the heading "relevant stakeholders." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And that paragraph says, "Below we have listed relevant stakeholders for the issue of prescription drug abuse and public health. The possible allies listed here have been active in promoting the role that responsible prescribing can play in combating prescription drug abuse while ensuring access to pain management options for legitimate pain patients. Neutral stakeholders are highly relevant to this issue but would be unlikely to champion or directly impose -- I'm sorry, directly oppose any Mallinckrodt agenda. The possible opponents are primarily focused on abuse rather than legitimate use of prescription pain products and would therefore be likely to have competing interest to Mallinckrodt." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. Do you know how APCO went about compiling this list of possible allies, neutral parties and opponents?

Q. Okay. Did you have any discussions with APCO while they were compiling this report?

Q. Did you have any discussions with them after the report was submitted?

Q. Yes.

Q. Okay. Did you review the report when it was submitted to Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. So a review of this report, would that have been part of your job responsibilities back in 2013?

Q. Okay. Do you know what caused you to review this report in early 2014?

Q. Do you recall in early 2014 reviewing pages 3 through 5 of the report and its categorization of various parties as potential allies, neutrals or opponents?

Q. On page 4 under possible opponents, there is reference to -- the first bullet item, "Advocates for the reform of prescription opioids." Are you familiar with that group?

Q. Okay. The second bullet item is the "National Coalition Against Prescription Drug Abuse." Are you familiar with that group?

Q. Okay. Apart from this report, do you recall any other setting in which the NCAPDA has been characterized as a possible opponent of Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. The third bullet item is the Drug Enforcement Agency -- I'm sorry, the Drug Enforcement Administration. Are you aware of other settings in which the DEA has been characterized as a possible opponent of Mallinckrodt?

Q. So do you have any understanding of the basis on which APCO would have categorized the DEA back in 2013 as a possible opponent of Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Can you turn to page 7. And maybe for some context, if you look on page 5 under "relevant stakeholders," there's sort of a lead-in to this segment of the report. It says, "Below we have listed some of the most active and relevant stakeholders for the issue of access to and availability of pain medicines." Do you see that?

Q. And on page 7 under "possible opponents"?

Q. The first one is the -- listed is the advocates for the reform of prescription opioids, which I think you've already indicated is a group that you're not familiar with, correct?

Q. Under that bullet item, there is reference to testimony at an FDA public hearing by this group stating that "opioid medications are too dangerous for both patients and nonpatients due to overprescribing and failure of current labeling." Do you see that?

Q. Are you familiar with the FDA testimony that's being referenced there?

Q. In your role as advocacy director, did you have occasion to become aware of assertions from any source that opioid medications are too dangerous due to overprescribing and the failure of current labeling?

Q. Okay. Did you have occasion to evaluate, as director of advocacy, whether opioid medications were too dangerous for both patients and nonpatients due to overprescribing and the failure of current labeling?

Q. Okay.

Q. Do you know if there's anyone -- were you aware during the time you were director of advocacy of anyone else at Mallinckrodt evaluating whether opioid medications were too dangerous for both patients and nonpatients due to overprescribing and failure of current labeling?

Q. The second possible opponent listed on page 7 is the Drug Free America Foundation. Are you familiar with that group?

Q. Okay. And the third entity or group is thepartnership@drugfree.org. Are you familiar with that group?

Q. And who do you know them to be?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And I was just going to ask you if you had occasion to interact with that group --

Q. -- in your role as director of advocacy.

Q. So from your standpoint as -- at least during your tenure as director of advocacy, you would not have viewed thepartnership@drugfree.org as an opponent of Mallinckrodt; is that fair?

Q. And I think you indicated earlier that Mallinckrodt has had a positive relationship with the DEA, correct?

Q. Okay. Are you aware of legal proceedings involving the DEA that led to

Q. And in the context of those proceedings, would you characterize Mallinckrodt's relationship with the DEA as positive?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Mr. Webb, we've marked as Exhibit 11 a multipage e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-11 0000920878. These are from March of 2017. Please take a look at the e-mail thread, and tell me if you're familiar with these e-mails.

Q. Are you familiar with those e-mails?

Q. Okay. So if we turn to the earliest e-mail in the thread, which I believe is Mr. Tyndall's e-mail that starts on the second page of the exhibit where he says, "Saw this in the post. Opportunities, question mark?" And he forwards a Washington Post article that's then contained on the next to the last page of the exhibit.

Q. Do you recall receiving that e-mail?

Q. Okay. And the Washington Post article talks about a commission to be headed by Governor Christie that is going to, in the words of the headline, "tackle the opioid crisis." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And you responded to Mr. Tyndall's e-mail down on the bottom of the first page of the exhibit by saying, "Thanks. Kevin Walker and I already had an 8 a.m. meeting Tuesday with the opioid addiction group started by Newt Gingrich and Patrick Kennedy. I'm sure they're connected to Governor Christie as well in some way. We'll let you know tomorrow what comes of this." Correct?

Q. And do you recall the meeting that you're referring to in that e-mail?

Q. Okay. And who is Kevin Walker?

Q. Okay. By whom is he employed; do you know?

Q. And what's the nature of matters on which Mr. Walker consults with Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And was Mr. Walker -- well, the meeting with Newt Gingrich and Patrick Kennedy, how did that come to be scheduled, as you can recall?

Q. Okay. And was the meeting with Newt Gingrich and Patrick Kennedy Mr. Walker's suggestion, or was the idea for that meeting, did it come from somewhere else?

Q. Okay. And so had -- when do you recall first becoming aware of the AOR group?

Q. Okay. And how did you become aware of that group?

Q. Okay. Had you had any contact with that group prior to the meeting that you describe in your March 27 e-mail?

Q. Okay. And the first e-mail, the March 28th e-mail that's at the top part of the first page of Exhibit 11, in that e-mail you state that "This morning met with executive -- with the executive director and the account supervisor for the new advocacy organization Advocates for Opioid Recovery, AOR." So is that referring to an additional meeting beyond the meeting that's referenced in your March 27 e-mail?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And did you recall the name of the executive director and account supervisor with whom you met?

Q. What are those names?

Q. Okay. You go on in your March 28th e-mail to say, "Regarding White House and Governor Christie initiative, there is a loose connection between AOR and the White House. AOR provided the White House some material/talking points on addiction treatment, but right now they're moving in parallel paths. But Newt speaks with the President at least once a week, so AOR believes the connection will strengthen." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And so the loose connection between AOR and the White House that you described in this paragraph, is that something you learned of in your meeting with the director and account supervisor?

Q. So what was your purpose in meeting with the representatives of AOR back in March of 2017?

Q. Okay. And you made reference, I think, to three MAT modalities. What are those?

Q. Okay. Under "next steps" in your March 28, 2017 e-mail, first bullet item says, "Partner with AOR on access, parens, they're on board with methadone access as well, close parens." So in that context, what is -- apart from the methadone access that you're referring to in the parenthetical, what other access are you referring to there?

Q. Exhibit 12 is a multipage e-mail thread beginning at MNK-T1 0000935737. Please take a look at those e-mails and tell me if you're familiar with them.

Q. Are you familiar with those e-mails?

Q. Okay. And these also concern AOR, correct?

Q. And if we look at your first e-mail, the earliest e-mail, which is on the last two pages of the exhibit, from June 20th of 2017, it's to Kian Kazemi. Who is that?

Q. Okay. And your e-mail states that you're attaching a grant request from AOR seeking MNK's support of their MAT initiatives. Now, do you recall receiving that grant request?

Q. Okay. And this is in June of 2017. The e-mails we looked at in Exhibit 11 were in late March of 2017. Was there other interaction with AOR in that April, May and June time frame?

Q. Okay. In any event, you did receive a grant request by -- by June 20th?

Q. And the third paragraph says, "We will be contributing $50,000, much less than what they have requested, but enough to put us at the table." Do you see that?

Q. Do you remember how much they requested?

Q. Okay. And was there a basis for that request?

Q. Okay. Do you recall how you arrived at $50,000 as an appropriate contribution level?

Q. Okay. And was that the case with this grant request, where they itemized one or more specific objectives that they were seeking to fund?

Q. Okay. And so would the $50,000 that you reference in your e-mail have related to one or more specific objectives that were detailed in the grant request?

Q. Okay. On the third page of the exhibit there's an e-mail -- a June 20th e-mail from Dan Alexander. Who is Dan Alexander?

Q. Okay. And you had copied him on your initial e-mail, correct, your June 20th e-mail?

Q. And what was your reason for copying Dan Alexander on your e-mail?

Q. Okay. And Dan Alexander responds to you, "Do you feel that a $50,000 contribution will be enough to get methadone and OTPs specifically mentioned in their promotional and policy literature, question mark? They are really office-based, BUP/NAL-oriented at this point based on the attached overview." Do you have an understanding what Mr. Alexander meant by the second sentence that I just read regarding BUP/NAL orientation?

Q. Okay. And then Mr. Alexander says, "This will definitely put" -- actually it says "defiantly," but I'm assuming he means "definitely" -- "put MNK in the big league on Capital Hill." Do you see that?

Q. Do you know why he -- why he -- what his thinking was in that regard?

Q. Okay. Presumably related to Newt Gingrich and Patrick Kelly's {sic} prominence in Washington?

Q. Okay. In response, you indicated you could push to $75,000 and reassess for next year, correct?

Q. And is that ultimately what you did?

Q. Okay. And if you look on the first page of the exhibit, there's a June 21 e-mail in which you seem to indicate that the contribution was increased to 75,000; is that right?

Q. Okay. And do you know if that -- if a similar contribution was made in 2018?

Q. Okay. And do you recall if -- if AOR mentioned methadone and OTPs specifically in their promotional and policy literature as mentioned in Mr. Alexander's June 20th e-mail?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. So the policy and promotional -- policy literature and promotional mention referred to by Mr. Alexander, ultimately that did not occur; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Was there any specific outcome of your contribution, or Mallinckrodt's contribution, to AOR that you can recall?

Q. Okay. Exhibit 13 is a two-page e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000934731. Please take a look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Okay. So these e-mails are from October of 2017. There's an October 17th e-mail from Newt Gingrich to Anne Woodbury. And who was Anne Woodbury?

Q. Okay. And Ms. Woodbury forwarded to you -- I'm sorry. Well, there's an e-mail in the middle of the page from Ms. Woodbury to you on October 19 that says, "I wrote Newt an e-mail with some talking points in response to my nervousness that the Trump administration will focus only on the criminal justice side of the opioid epidemic. He forwarded part of it to John DeStefano, head of the office of personal management, parens, overseeing ONDCP pick, close parens, Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump." And then you responded to Ms. Woodbury, "This is great news. Thanks, Anne. I think we're making real progress on this." Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall this e-mail exchange back in October of 2017?

Q. Okay. Apart from this e-mail exchange, did you have other communications with Ms. Woodbury or anyone else at AOR with respect to -- well, any matter of mutual interest between AOR and Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. What can you recall in that regard?

Q. Okay. And if I understood your earlier answer, ultimately the legislation that was enacted was consistent with Mallinckrodt's objectives?

Q. Which was one of Mallinckrodt's objectives, correct?

Q. Mr. Webb, we've marked as Exhibit 14 a two-page e-mail thread beginning at MNK-T1 0000176092. Take a look at those e-mails, if you would, and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Okay. So the April 18 e-mail from Ms. Falcone to a number of folks, including yourself, on the bottom of the page is the one you're referring to?

Q. Okay. And the substance of that e-mail on the second page of the exhibit talks about an April 17 FDA OxyContin ruling, correct?

Q. Well, she just says, "On April 17th, the FDA ruled on OxyContin."

Q. Right at the top of the second page. "On April 17th, the FDA" -

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And do you recall that FDA ruling?

Q. Okay. And later on in the e-mail, Ms. Falcone goes on to describe OxyContin label changes, correct?

Q. Okay. And then there's a statement, "What this means to you:" Do you see that?

Q. Okay. "Background on the physical characteristics of the Exalgo, parens, tablet: While we cannot make claims concerning abuse potential, physicians may be interested to know about the physical properties of Exalgo:" One bullet, "hard outer shell"; second bullet, "formation of large particles when drug is crushed"; third bullet, "clumping of drug with exposure to water when crushed." Ms. Falcone goes on to say, "Specific direction regarding this market news:" Bullet, "do not proactively discuss this announcement with your customers. Your primary sales focus should remain conveying who Exalgo is appropriate for, why it could be a good choice for those patients, and how to properly convert and titrate patients." The next bullet, "If the physician asks specifically if Exalgo is abuse deterrent:" Bullet, "ensure that the physician understands Exalgo cannot claim abuse/tamper resistance, but there are physical properties to the tablet of which they should be aware." Next bullet, quote, "Doctor, while we do not have FDA-approved labeling concerning abuse potential, you may be interested to know that Exalgo has a hard outer shell that is difficult to crush, and if crushed, it forms large particles. Also, it clumps when exposed to water when crushed. Of course, it is important to keep Exalgo out of the hands of inappropriate patients; however, let's discuss an appropriate patient for Exalgo like the Elaine patient. This is

Q. Okay. Would you agree with me that the physical properties that are described in the bullet item that begins with, quote, "Doctor, while we do not have FDA-approved labeling" and goes on, the physical properties, namely, the hard outer shell that is difficult to crush and that if it crushes, it forms large particles, that it clumps when exposed to water when crushed, that those physical properties are properties that Mallinckrodt advanced as a basis for the FDA to permit Mallinckrodt to make a claim of abuse deterrence for Exalgo."

Q. Okay. So you're not aware of what characteristics Mallinckrodt advanced as -- in support of its request for permission to make abuse-deterrent claims on the Exalgo label?

Q. Okay. Are you aware of those -- of the -- of the characteristics that Mallinckrodt advanced in that regard?

Q. Okay. So you don't know whether the, for example, the hard outer shell was one of the physical characteristics of Exalgo that Mallinckrodt advanced as -- in support of its seeking abuse-deterrent claim permission?

Q. Okay. The language in the next to last bullet in Ms. Falcone's e-mail that's put in quotes and appears to be essentially a script to -- for salespeople to present to doctors, do you have an understanding as to, apart from abuse potential, what the pertinence to a physician would be of, for example, the hard outer shell that's difficult to crush?

Q. Okay. You don't have an understanding as to why that particular physical property, the hard outer shell is difficult to crush, apart from abuse potential, why that would be of interest to a physician?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. How about the fact that when crushed, it forms large particles that clump when exposed to water?

Q. And --

Q. Let me just finish the question so the record is clear.

Q. My question is, do you have an understanding with respect to the physical properties that if crushed, the tablet forms large particles which clump when exposed to water, why those physical properties would be

Q. Did you have any discussions or any -- or other communications with anyone at Mallinckrodt with respect to whether the statement contained in quotes in Ms. Falcone's e-mail was an appropriate statement for Mallinckrodt representatives to make to physicians in light of the FDA action with respect to the abuse-deterrence claim?

Q. Okay. But did you personally participate in any communications with anyone at Mallinckrodt with respect to whether the proposed -- the quoted language in Ms. Falcone's e-mail was an appropriate statement for Mallinckrodt representatives to make to physicians?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. In your testimony -- in your 30 testimony yesterday, you looked at a document, I believe it was Exhibit 12, a promotional communications tactical plan. Do you recall that?

Q. Okay. And I'll just direct your attention to a statement that was -- and I believe you gave some testimony on this statement today. It's on page -- slide 3, Bates ending in 81 -- I'm sorry, 180032, a statement that "Xartemis ZR {sic} provides fast-acting and long-lasting pain relief without concerns for abuse." Do you recall that statement?

Q. Okay. And I believe you testified in your 30 testimony that that statement described messaging that was to be conveyed to physicians, correct?

Q. Okay. A thought to be conveyed to physicians?

Q. Okay. And the -- the conveyance of that thought, particularly the aspect of it that there need be no concern about abuse, what was the basis for that?

Q. Okay. And then abuse-deterrent labeling ultimately was not approved, correct?

Q. And after the abuse-deterrent labeling was not approved by the FDA, did the -- was there any change in communications to physicians with respect to Xartemis that was intended to create a different thought regarding concerns about abuse from the thought that's described in exhibit -- in Exhibit 12 from your 30 deposition?

Q. Okay. Exhibit 15 is a multipage document that was produced in native format at MNK-T1 0000874317. It's a PowerPoint presentation from March 30, 2015, entitled, "Advocacy: Pain Franchise Commitments." Could you take a look at that PowerPoint presentation and tell me if you're familiar with it?

Q. Okay. And what is it?

Q. Okay. So on slide 2, it refers to "collaborative for effective prescription opioid policies." What was that group?

Q. Okay. And there's a heading, "Funding Faegre BD $360,000." What does that mean?

Q. Okay. And do you have an understanding of what portion of that went to -- related to CPOP?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Under options it states, "Explore how to expand beyond opioids but continue to fund." Is that something that you did in terms of exploring how to expand beyond opioids?

Q. Okay. So what initiatives did Mallinckrodt pursue through CPOP?

Q. Okay.

Q. And on this slide, there's a savings and the number zero. What does that mean, savings and the dollar amount?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. The next slide is the Alliance for Balanced Pain Management. And we've -- you've testified already about that group.

Q. Under funding, it says, "Green Room: Alliance Management website design, maintenance, $284,000, material development, $250,000." What is Green Room?

Q. And Alliance Management?

Q. And so the website design, maintenance, $284,000, is that an amount that Mallinckrodt funded for the Alliance for Balanced Pain Management website design and maintenance?

Q. Was that the entire budget for website design and maintenance for that group?

Q. Okay. And then material development, $250,000, what's the nature of the materials that were developed?

Q. Okay. Under options, the first bullet is "need to maintain alliance at some level; organizations can be aligned to other brand initiatives." The second part of that, the organizations can be aligned to other brand initiatives, what's the concept that's being conveyed there?

Q. Okay. And there's a reference to reducing material development budget by $125,000, resulting in a savings of $125,000. Do you recall if that was done?

Q. Okay. The next slide, slide 4, drug disposal initiatives. There's drug disposal Verde Deterra Pouches, formerly MedsAway, and this is the take-back pouches that you've testified about, correct?

Q. And funding indicates $500,000, purchases of pouches. Was that an annual amount?

Q. Okay. And --

Q. So over the course of three years it would be $500,000 or -- I'm just trying to understand the time period.

Q. Okay. And savings here indicates $500,000 for termination. So does that indicate that no portion of that 500,000 had been expended at this point?

Q. And do you recall if that funding was terminated?

Q. Okay. All right. The next slide, slide 5, talks about NADDI drug take-back boxes, and I believe you already testified about -- about those take-back boxes. Those were the ones that were provided to law enforcement; is that right?

Q. And the funding is $40,000, $10,000 per box. And apparently that -- under timeline, that indicates that that funding has been in place since 2010; is that correct?

Q. And was that funding decreased or terminated; do you know?

Q. Okay. The next page, next slide, slide 6, safe use, storage, disposal awareness campaign. Specifics, rebrand of the CARES Alliance to include MMA. And I think you testified about that earlier today, correct?

Q. GMA support. What is that referring to?

Q. Okay. And how about Moosylvania web design firm?

Q. Okay. And under funding there's a fiscal year '14, $159,000 item, and fiscal year '15, video for 19,000 and certain other enumerated items. Do you know if those funding items were cut back or eliminated?

Q. Okay. The text item, slide 7, is a physician patient communication survey. There is an indication that it was $70,000 funding with no savings indicated. So does that indicate that that survey was funded?

Q. Okay. Next slide. On slide 8 are certain state initiatives. There's a Florida coalition, Missouri PDNP and ongoing PDNP engagement. There's a savings of $350,000 indicated. Do you know if that savings was realized in whole or in part?

Q. Okay. And how about the New York, Kentucky, Florida, $300,000 item under funding; was that expended?

Q. Yeah.

Q. Okay. So the Missouri PDNP program went forward, but the others did not; is that right?

Q. Okay. On the next slide, slide 9, the heading is "consultants." Green Room communication indicated savings of 50 to $125,000. Do you know if those savings were realized in whole or in part?

Q. Okay. And then if you turn to slide 11, associations?

Q. And then on to slide 12, there's a list of various associations with associated amounts. Do you know if any of the -- if the participation with any of those associations was cut back to realize savings on any of the amounts indicated?

Q. Okay. None come to mind as you sit here today?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Exhibit 16 is a multipage document beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000976452, a cover e-mail attaching an article authored by Lynn Webster, Michael Smith and Matt Iverson. Take a look at those materials, if you would, and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Okay. Direct your attention to page 2, the third page of the exhibit, page 2 of the attachment.

Q. Under acknowledgements it states, "Technical editorial and writing support for the preparation of this manuscript was provided by Dennis Stancavish, MA, Synchrony Medical, LLC, West Chester Pennsylvania. Funding for this support was provided by Mallinckrodt, Inc., a Covidien company, Hazelwood, Missouri." Are you familiar with Mallinckrodt providing funding from time to time for editorial and writing support for papers of the type that is included in Exhibit 16?

Q. Okay. So in your position as advocacy director, did your responsibilities extend in any way to Mallinckrodt's activities in providing funding or other support for editorial or writing activities?

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with who Dennis Stancavish is?

Q. Okay. So the firm being Synchrony Medical?

Q. And what do you know of that firm?

Q. Did you have interaction from time to time with -- personally with anyone from Synchrony Medical?

Q. And with whom?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. Mr. Webb, we have marked as Exhibit 17 a document that was produced in native format at Bates MNK-Tl 0000881105. It's a PowerPoint presentation dated July 21, 2014, entitled, "Abuse-Deterrent Opioids: Government Affairs Activities." Would you take a look at that document and tell me if you are familiar with it?

Q. Okay. Well, turn, if you would, to page 21 of the document, which is legislative update-ADT.

Q. And this slide says, "States are increasingly considering independent action on ADFs due to FDA's inaction." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall that being the case back in 2014?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. The next bullet item talks about Massachusetts-proposed legislation which would create a formulary of opioid drugs with ADF characteristics. Do you remember that Massachusetts proposed legislation in 2014?

Q. Do you recall if Mallinckrodt took a position with respect to that legislation when it was under consideration in Massachusetts?

Q. Okay. Are you aware of any other efforts Mallinckrodt undertook with respect to any state-proposed ADF-related legislation?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can put that aside for the moment. You're familiar with the term "pill mills," aren't you?

Q. Okay. And you understand that to be a term that's been applied to so-called pain clinics that dispense large numbers of opioids historically?

Q. Okay. And you're familiar that would -- the pill mill problem being particularly prevalent in the state of Florida? Are you familiar with that?

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with any Florida legislative initiatives aimed at addressing the Florida pill mill problem?

Q. Initiatives in general.

Q. Okay. Do you know if Mallinckrodt took a position with respect to any proposed Florida pill mill-related legislation?

Q. Okay. Take a look at Exhibit 2 again for a moment. Give me a moment to find it myself. Sorry. If you turn to slide 10, we've looked at this a couple of times earlier here today on Exhibit 2, Bates ending in 321.

Q. And this is the slide with the pie charts concerning unused opioids and the source of opioids for abusers. You'd agree with me that the statistics reflected in the pie charts on slide 10 do not reflect the geographic distribution, for example, of patients with leftover opioid prescriptions, correct?

Q. Okay. Well, both these pie charts are essentially national figures, correct?

Q. Okay. Are you aware of any -- well, did you personally ever review any state-by-state data that reflected the extent to which the phenomenon of patients with unused opioids -- leftover amounts, as reflected on slide 10, that broke that data down on a state-by-state level?

Q. Okay. Or the data reflected in the 70 percent pie chart with respect to the source of opioids for abusers, have you ever seen any such data broken down on a state-by-state level?

Q. Okay. So in terms of looking at, for example, the slide on exhibit -- Exhibit 2 that's in front of us, there's no way of knowing the extent to which the data that's reflected in either of the pie charts pertains to, for example, opioids that were dispensed through Florida pill mills; is that right?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside.

Q. No, I think you can set that one aside as well. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. We've marked as Exhibit 18 a two-page e-mail thread beginning at MNK-T1 0000938044. Take a look at those e-mails and tell me if you're familiar with them.

Q. Okay. And these are from October of 2016, and they appear to deal with an FDA submission concerning Roxicodone; is that correct?

Q. Okay. In your October 5th e-mail, you make reference to a call with the generics team and your meeting notes, correct?

Q. And those meetings notes are below. And the -- under background you indicate that "Mallinckrodt plans to file NDA for a reformulated Roxicodone with ADF," correct?

Q. And did Mallinckrodt in fact make that filing?

Q. Okay. And the third bullet item under background indicates that "oxycodone immediate release is the most abused opioid on the market and the most abused product in Mallinckrodt's portfolio," correct?

Q. Okay. And what was the basis for the statement that it's the most abused opioid on the market?

Q. Okay. And the next bullet indicates that Mallinckrodt's market share of the generic Roxi market is 13 to 15 percent, correct?

Q. And Roxicodone is -- indicated up above is Mallinckrodt's branded formulation of oxycodone, correct?

Q. Okay. There's then a heading, "New abuse deterrent formulation." Indicates effervescence and gelling as being the ADF characteristics of this drug, correct?

Q. Under NDA submission, "Roxi is the only generic for which Mallinckrodt will develop ADF, paren, since it is the only Mallinckrodt-owned referenced drug NDA, close parens." Was there any other time that you can recall Mallinckrodt making a submission for ADF approval on a generic?

Q. Yeah.

Q. Okay. On the second page of the exhibit under "launch of reformulated Roxi," the second -- I'm sorry, the third bullet item states, "Request FDA to pull the NDA of the original non-ADF Roxi IR opioid due to safety reasons. If successful, this would require all other generic formulations to be removed from the market as well. Possible FDA would pull original NDA proactively." Now, do you know if the approval for the reformulated Roxi was ever obtained?

Q. Okay. And do you know if Mallinckrodt ever requested the FDA to pull the NDA on the original non-ADF Roxi IR opioid?

Q. Okay. So the request contemplated in the third bullet item with respect to the non-ADF Roxi, there's a reference, due to safety reasons, that that would be the basis for that request of the FDA. Now, those same safety reasons existed irrespective of whether the FDA granted the reformulated Roxi application, didn't they?

Q. Okay. But in the absence of the approval of that abuse-deterrent formulation product, there was no effort made to pull the NDA for the non-ADF Roxi, correct?

Q. "No" meaning that's correct, right?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Exhibit 19 is a multipage e-mail thread beginning at MNK-T1 0000907487. Please take a look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them. It's actually, I believe, only one e-mail attaching an article.

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. What do you recall the issue to be?

Q. And do you recall the nature of the investigation?

Q. Okay. You said "shortly thereof." Do you mean shortly thereafter?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And the initial message is from Tina Purcell. Who is that?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And in her e-mail she states, "This may be a slippery slope for other patient organizations that receive industry funding." Do you have an understanding as to what she meant by that sentence?

Q. Okay. So the American Pain Foundation, that was a foundation that received industry funding; is that right?

Q. Okay. Did it receive funding from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you recall reviewing the attached -- the article attached to this e-mail back in 2012?

Q. You mean in the newspaper itself?

Q. Okay. Well, it's the --

Q. -- the article that transmitted with Mr. Coleman's e-mail on May 9th.

Q. Were you -- were there any steps taken at Mallinckrodt, to your knowledge, with respect to providing funding to other patient organizations as a result of the circumstances involving the American Pain Foundation that are reflected in Exhibit 19?

Q. Sure. Ms. Purcell's e-mail talks about a slippery slope for other patient organizations that receive industry funding, and there were other patient organizations that Mallinckrodt provided funding to at this time; isn't that right?

Q. Okay. So was there any change on Mallinckrodt's part with respect to funding of patient organizations in light of the circumstances related to the American Pain Foundation that are reflected in Exhibit 19?

Q. Okay. All right. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Exhibit 20 is a multipage e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000877101. Take a look at that document, if you would, please, and tell me if you're familiar with it.

Q. Are you familiar with these -- with this e-mail and the attached article?

Q. Okay. And do you know who Cindy Steinberg is?

Q. Okay. And the article that you wrote to -- to Derek Naten, which was published in The Boston Globe, apparently, it discusses Ms. Steinberg and the US Pain Foundation and certain circumstances with respect to funding for the US Pain Foundation from industry groups, correct?

Q. And fair to say the article at least reports criticism of -- well, directing your attention to the third page of the exhibit, the fourth paragraph on that page reads, "but critics say industry-funded influence on both government and the medical community has had a profound effect on the prescription drug crisis in New England and across the United States, fueling overprescribing of addictive drugs such as OxyContin, Percocet and Vicodin." Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall reading this article back in 2014?

Q. Okay. And in any event, you did forward it to Mr. Naten in early 2015, correct?

Q. And in your forward, you noted that Mallinckrodt has and continues to support the US Pain Foundation?

Q. Correct?

Q. And you mention the president, founder, is Paul Gileno, G-i-l-e-n-o. Did you have interaction with Mr. Gileno?

Q. Okay. And have you dealt with him personally?

Q. Okay. And you go on to note that the US Pain Foundation is also a member of the Alliance for Balanced Pain Management, and both Cindy Steinberg and Paul -- I take it meaning Mr. Gileno -- attended the launch summit meeting in Washington, DC, in November, correct?

Q. Okay. And then Mr. Naten responds to you, "Yes, saw the articles on this. We definitely need to double back on all of our alliances with the quote, pain groups, close quote, and take stock on how they're engaging in the political space, a delicate line to walk..." Do you know what Mr. Naten meant when he said it was "a delicate line to walk"?

Q. Did you have any discussions with him after receiving his e-mail to discuss what he meant by that?

Q. Do you recall any other discussions with him with respect to the subject matter of these e-mails or The Boston Globe article?

Q. Do you have any understanding as to why Mr. Naten would have put the phrase "pain groups" in quotation marks?

Q. Ever have any discussion with him on that point?

Q. Yeah.

Q. Do you recall any other e-mails you ever received from Mr. Naten in which he put the term "pain groups" in quotation marks?

Q. And Mr. Naten in his e-mail says, "We need to double back on all of our alliances with the pain groups." Is that something that you did in 2015, namely, doubling back on the alliances with the pain groups?

Q. And Mr. Naten goes on to say, "and take stock on how they're engaging in the political space." Do you recall doing that in 2015, taking stock on how the various pain groups were engaging in the political space?

Q. So did you tell Mr. Naten that you were -- did not plan to take stock in how the pain groups were engaging in the political space?

Q. Was there someone else that you understood would be responsible for doing that?

Q. And Mr. Naten was your supervisor, correct?

Q. Okay. And he's saying in this e-mail, definitely need to take stock on how the pain groups are engaging in the political space, isn't he?

Q. Mr. Naten ever follow up with you on the points of -- well, did he ever follow up with you on the point of taking stock on how the pain groups were engaging in the political space?

Q. How about on the point of doubling back with all of the alliances with the pain groups?

Q. Was there any change in Mallinckrodt's relationship with any of the pain groups after January of 2015?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Exhibit 21 is a two-page e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0007065209. Please take a look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. The earliest e-mail in the thread on the second page is from Mr. Tyndall, March 16th, and he describes a confidential gaming exercise. Do you recall that confidential gaming exercise?

Q. And the second paragraph of his e-mail references a Friday meeting to address this gaming exercise. Do you recall that meeting?

Q. And essentially this gaming exercise is related to the potential discontinuance of all or most of Mallinckrodt's opioid-focused advocacy, correct?

Q. In clause one, the second line of

Q. -- the second paragraph.

Q. Okay. Did you have an understanding when you received Mr. Tyndall's e-mail as to the reason for him asking if you'd engage in this gaming exercise?

Q. So, Mr. Webb, I think before we broke my question was, did you have an understanding when you received Mr. Tyndall's e-mail as to the reason for him asking if you would engage in the gaming exercises you described.

Q. And what was that understanding?

Q. Okay. And did you engage in the gaming exercise that Mr. Tyndall requested?

Q. And did you address that at the follow-up meeting that he describes?

Q. And what was the outcome of that exercise? Were there changes made in the advocacy program?

Q. The exhibit where we had the very savings --

Q. Okay. Apart from what's reflected in that document, any other changes in the advocacy program at Mallinckrodt as a result of this gaming exercise?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Exhibit 22 is a two-page e-mail thread beginning at MNK-T1 0000933204. Please take a look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. And they're from March of 2014. They appear to deal with a Xartemis abuse-deterrent video or videos that were prepared.

Q. Do you recall those videos?

Q. Okay. And were you involved in the preparation of those videos?

Q. Okay. What was your involvement?

Q. And who was the intended audience for that video?

Q. And other than yourself, who was involved in the production of the video?

Q. Who is Anthony Lassiter?

Q. Okay. So in the e-mail thread, you have an e-mail dated May 27 of 2014 to Dr. Lassiter and to Patrick Hastings. Who was Patrick Hastings?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. And you forward -- you forward the video to them on May 27th for their review, correct?

Q. And then Dr. Lassiter responds to you, "I had a quick look of these. The injection demo is the most effective, in my opinion. The chewing simulation, conversely, is not convincing." Correct?

Q. What was the nature of the video? What was being depicted on the video?

Q. And in terms of what was depicted on the video itself, what was shown?

Q. Okay. Was the video ever completed?

Q. And was it distributed to anyone?

Q. Never shown outside of Mallinckrodt?

Q. To whom?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. So the video had no indication -- even though the subject matter on the e-mail is Xartemis abuse-deterrent video, the video itself did not give any indication that the product was Xartemis?

Q. Okay. What are examples of policy groups to whom the video was shown?

Q. Does Mallinckrodt continue to use the video to this day?

Q. Is there a reason it was stopped?

Q. Okay. All right. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Exhibit 23 is a multipage e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000937270. Please take a look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. On the second page of the exhibit, there's an e-mail from you to Mr. Tyndall, copying Mr. Naten, dated December 5th. Do you see that?

Q. And in the second paragraph of your e-mail you state, "I changed the Roxi bullet to be more about implementing a state legislation defense strategy to thwart regulatory action mandating generic opioid ADT in the face of FDA submission." Did I read that correctly?

Q. It's in your e-mail to --

Q. Sure. It's the third -- I'm sorry, second paragraph of your e-mail. "I changed the Roxi bullet to be more about implementing

Q. Do you recall that -- that state legislation defense strategy?

Q. Okay. But as of December of 2016, was the legislative strategy to thwart regulatory action mandating generic opioid ADT?

Q. Okay. Do you recall at any point Mallinckrodt having a state legislative strategy that included opposing regulatory action that would mandate generic opioid ADT?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever have a strategy in that regard?

Q. Okay. Do you recall in 2016 there being any state-proposed legislative or regulatory action to mandate generic opioid ADT?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Irrespective of whether Mallinckrodt acted on it, do you recall there being any proposed state legislative or regulatory actions to mandate generic opioid ADT in 2016?

Q. Okay. How about prior to 2016?

Q. Yes.

Q. Again, I'm not asking you what Mallinckrodt did. I'm just asking whether you're familiar or you can recall there being any state legislative or regulatory actions or proposed actions that would mandate generic opioid ADT.

Q. Okay. So in your December 2016 e-mail that's included in Exhibit 23, when you make reference to a "state legislation defense strategy to thwart regulatory action mandating generic opioid ADT," what is the regulatory action to which you're referring?

Q. Requiring generic opioid ADT?

Q. Okay. And did Mallinckrodt adopt a state legislation defense strategy opposed to that mandating of generic opioid ADT?

Q. Okay. It was discussed, though?

Q. Do you recall a discussion of that strategy?

Q. Understanding that it never moved forward, do you recall any discussion of it apart from the e-mail that's in front of you?

Q. Okay. On the first page of Exhibit 23, your e-mail at the top of the page, December 7th e-mail --

Q. -- you say, "Agree that the generics pricing issue is a double edge and will need to" -- I'm sorry -- "and will need the value proposition message here. Perhaps Roxi ADT can help with this." What did you mean when you said that the "generics pricing issue is a double edge"?

Q. And so maybe I didn't completely understand your answer, but it's a double edge in what sense?

Q. And so the value proposition message that you're referring to in your December 7th e-mail, what is that value proposition message?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. GOTTO

Q. Exhibit 24 is a two-page e-mail thread beginning at Bates MNK-T1 0000933359. Please take a look at those e-mails and tell me if you recognize them.

Q. Do you recognize those e-mails?

Q. Okay. The earliest e-mail on the second page from Kendra Martello. First of all, who is Kendra Martello?

Q. Okay. And Ms. Martello states that "as part of its effort to reduce opioid abuse, the Food and Drug Administration, FDA, today issued a guidance document to assist applicants of generic versions of approved opioids with abuse-deterrent formulations, ADFs. Currently, abuse-deterrent formulations of opioids are only available as brand name products, FDA Commissioner Gottlieb noted. The guidance includes recommendations regarding the type of studies companies should conduct to demonstrate that the generic drug is no less abuse-deterrent than its brand name counterpart. FDA also indicated a willingness to be flexible in the labeling for any generic ADF." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And do you recall that -- learning of that FDA guidance back in November of 2017?

Q. Okay. Mr. Tyndall sends an e-mail dated November 21 on which you were copied, saying, "Great. A couple of thoughts: I'm not sure Mallinckrodt impact is positive given that it could speed movement toward an ADF-only marketplace for which I'm not sure we're quite ready." Do you see that language?

Q. And do you recall receiving that e-mail from Mr. Tyndall on November 2017?

Q. And did you agree with him at the time that -- that Mallinckrodt was not quite ready for an ADF-only marketplace?

Q. Okay.

Q. Irrespective of whether you conferred with him on it, did you share his view on that point?

Q. Okay. Did Mallinckrodt have abuse-deterrent generic product developed at this point, November 2017?

Q. Okay. And ultimately was Roxicodone approved as abuse-deterrent?

Q. And so there was no approved abuse-deterrent generic product that Mallinckrodt had as of November 2017, correct?

Q. And other than the Roxicodone, was there any other abuse-deterrent generic product in development at Mallinckrodt in November 2017?

Q. Okay. All right. You can set that aside.

Q. Mr. Webb, first, let me ask you: Are you aware of separate Tennessee-specific lawsuits?

Q. And how did you become aware of those?

Q. And do you know when that was?

Q. Okay.

Q. Do you know what neonatal abstinence syndrome is?

Q. And what is neonatal abstinence syndrome?

Q. And when did you first learn about neonatal abstinence syndrome?

Q. Does it predate your time with Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay.

Q. Would it be during your time as

Q. So at some point during your governmental affairs, do you suspect?

Q. Okay. Do you know how you learned about neonatal abstinence syndrome?

Q. Okay. I'm going to pass you an exhibit. This is Exhibit 25. QUESTIONS BY MR. KELLY

Q. Exhibit 25 is an e-mail chain Bates-stamped MNK-T1 0007867757.

Q. Do you recognize this e-mail?

Q. Okay. If you look to the third page, towards the bottom there's a slightly --

Q. -- gray, highlighted area.

Q. Do you know who provided that statement to the author of this article?

Q. Okay. So you don't personally know who was responsible for that comment?

Q. Okay. And turning back to the front page, this e-mail that you sent was to David Zook, Mary Bono, Kevin Walker and copying Derek Naten; is that correct?

Q. And do any of them act as your attorney?

Q. And did you send this e-mail under the instruction of counsel?

Q. Do you recall what you sent to them?

Q. Okay. You can set that aside, and I'll give you another document. QUESTIONS BY MR. KELLY

Q. And this is going to be Exhibit 26.

Q. Exhibit 26 is an e-mail Bates-stamped MNK TNSTA00596307.

Q. Now, this e-mail appears to have been sent from you to you; is that correct?

Q. Okay. So -- that was my next question. Were these notes to commemorate this meeting?

Q. And I know you explained what Project Georgetown was earlier, so I want to walk through some of the points on here. First, if you look at the first sub-bullet point in parentheses it says, "Doesn't help that MNK has been in the press lately, McCaskill letter." Is that accurate?

Q. Do you know why Mallinckrodt had been in the press lately?

Q. Was the letter critical of Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Has Mallinckrodt received multiple letters from Senator McCaskill?

Q. Looking down to the fourth bullet -- the fourth major bullet point there, it says, "MNK received DOJ subpoena re: marketing and promotional efforts for our opioids, parentheses, Roxicodo {sic}, Exalgo, Xartemis, et cetera," correct?

Q. And did Mallinckrodt respond to that subpoena?

Q. So you don't have any personal knowledge as to whether they responded?

Q. Moving down to the next bullet point, it says, "Several AGs returned MNK's campaign contributions, though told by them not to worry, it's more about the optics. Expect things to get worse as we head into election year." Is that accurate?

Q. Are you aware of Mallinckrodt's efforts to curb diversion in comparison to other manufacturers?

Q. Correct.

Q. Okay. I have another document for you. Hopefully this one is not very contentious. QUESTIONS BY MR. KELLY

Q. This is Exhibit 27. It is Bates-stamped MNK-Tl 0006098590.

Q. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Did you create it?

Q. Why was it named?

Q. So this for a review process?

Q. And are its contents accurate?

Q. Can you tell me what NALs are in respect to active pharmaceutical ingredients?

Q. It's not actually in this document.

Q. NALs, and I'm not sure it's an acronym.

Q. Is there singular forms of NAL for active pharmaceutical ingredients that you're aware of?

Q. Yeah.

Q. And is there a second one as well?

Q. Would naloxone and naltrexone be considered as NALs, plural, for active pharmaceutical ingredients?

Q. But to clarify, you do recall that NAL, in terms of active pharmaceutical ingredients, referred to naloxone?

Q. Okay.

Q. And does that contain a component that would be an active pharmaceutical ingredient shortened as NAL?