Witness: Kevin Webb
Attorney: None
Source: MNKOI0004557326
============================================================

Q. Good morning, Mr. Webb.

Q. Thank you for being here today. As you're aware, you're going to be testifying in two different capacities. Today you're going to be testifying on behalf of Mallinckrodt as a 30 witness, and then tomorrow you'll be testifying in your individual capacity. Is this consistent with your understanding, sir?

Q. Okay. Have you ever testified as a 30 designee before?

Q. Okay. And you understand that today you're going to be testifying on behalf of the company, correct?

Q. Now, is it also your understanding that as Mallinckrodt's 30 designee for certain topics you had an obligation to educate yourself as to each topic?

Q. And did you, in fact, do so?

Q. So I would like to mark this as Exhibit 1. QUESTIONS BY MR. KAWAMOTO

Q. And so, Mr. Webb, I'm handing you Exhibit 1, which is a color-coded copy of the amended notice of deposition. You'll see that it's got different colors for different topics. The topics that I understand you'll be testifying on or you're prepared to testify on today are in green.

Q. And so I would like you to do -- and, you know, we've negotiated some of these topics with your counsel so there have been some modifications in terms of, you know, what you're testifying to as opposed to what others are. But what I would like to do is once you get the notice, I would like to go through the exhibit with you. So turning to Topic 2, sir, and I think that's on page 5?

Q. Can you read the green portion of that topic?

Q. Read it out loud, please.

Q. And are you prepared to testify on that topic today?

Q. And what did you do to prepare for -- or what did you do to prepare to testify on that topic?

Q. Okay. Did you review any documents in connection with that topic, sir?

Q. Okay. Did you review documents in preparation for this 30 deposition?

Q. And were those documents provided by counsel?

Q. Did you review any documents that were not provided by counsel?

Q. How many times did you meet with your counsel regarding either today's deposition or tomorrow's deposition?

Q. Okay. And do you recall roughly when they were?

Q. And going to the December meeting, do you recall how long the meeting lasted for?

Q. And do you recall which of your counsel were present?

Q. And did you meet with anyone else present other than your four lawyers?

Q. No, I'm sorry. In terms of the December meeting, was anyone else present other than the four lawyers you've identified?

Q. Okay. Turning to the meeting that you believed occurred in early January, how long did that last for?

Q. And who was present for that meeting?

Q. Understood. And then for the meeting yesterday, roughly how long did that last for?

Q. And who was present for that?

Q. Have you talked to anyone else other than your lawyers in terms of preparing for these depositions?

Q. Well, actually that's a good point. Why don't we go through the topics and then I'll ask that question.

Q. But for Topic Number 2, you haven't spoken to anyone other than your counsel?

Q. Okay. Can you read the green portions of Topic 3?

Q. Okay. What did you do to prepare to testify on this topic?

Q. And did you speak to anyone else other than your counsel regarding this topic?

Q. Do you recall reviewing any documents relating to this topic?

Q. Okay. Can you read Topic Number 4, the green portions of it?

Q. And I guess I should modify that. You're not going to speak as to the DEA --

Q. -- I believe. So with respect to that topic and the FDA, are you prepared to testify on that topic?

Q. And what did you do to prepare for that topic?

Q. Do you recall reviewing any documents?

Q. Did you speak with anyone else other than counsel regarding this topic?

Q. Can you please read Topic Number 8?

Q. And are you prepared to testify on that topic?

Q. What did you do to prepare for that topic?

Q. Okay. Did you speak to anyone else?

Q. Did you review any documents?

Q. Okay. Do you have personal knowledge of this topic?

Q. Well, I would assume it's from your professional capacity --

Q. And you're aware of what steps Mallinckrodt took, if any, in response to that?

Q. Actually going back to Topic 4, the interactions with the FDA, if you could quickly glance at that.

Q. Do you have personal knowledge of that topic, sir?

Q. And you are aware based on your personal, professional involvement, or are you aware based on your conversations with counsel?

Q. And you have that --

Q. I'm sorry, just to clarify the record. Your knowledge regarding this topic, is that based on your professional involvement with this topic, or is that based on knowledge that you obtained from counsel?

Q. And your awareness of that position comes from counsel?

Q. So same question with Topic 3, do you have personal knowledge of that topic?

Q. Okay. And Topic Number 2?

Q. Okay. I believe we can now skip to Topic 23, sir. So that's going to be on page 9.

Q. Can you please read that?

Q. And are you prepared to testify on that topic, sir?

Q. Did you review any documents in connection with that topic?

Q. Did you have any conversations other than with your counsel regarding that topic?

Q. And who were those conversations with?

Q. And what do you recall about that conversation?

Q. Did she provide you with any documents to review?

Q. Did she identify any documents for you?

Q. Do you have any personal knowledge of this topic?

Q. And is that from your professional -- your professional responsibilities at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And could you please read Topic 24?

Q. And do you have personal knowledge of that topic?

Q. Okay. What did you do to prepare for that topic?

Q. Do you recall reviewing any documents in connection with this topic?

Q. And are those documents the basis of your testimony?

Q. Okay. Do you recall the general nature of the documents you reviewed?

Q. Okay. And what was that document?

Q. Okay. Can you describe the nature of the document? Was it an e-mail? Was it a PowerPoint? Was it a spreadsheet?

Q. Other than that one document, do you recall reviewing any other documents?

Q. Can you -- well, I'll try to truncate this. For Topic 25, can you read that to yourself?

Q. Just read it to yourself --

Q. -- and let me know when you're done.

Q. Are you prepared to testify on Topic 25?

Q. And what did you do to prepare to testify on that topic?

Q. Do you have any personal knowledge of Topic 25?

Q. And what is that personal knowledge? Well, strike that. Let me rephrase it. I take it your personal knowledge is from your professional responsibilities at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Can you read Topic 26 to yourself? Well, I'm sorry, actually, let me -- do you recall reviewing any documents in connection with Topic 25?

Q. Okay. Can you review -- did you speak to anyone other than counsel about Topic 25?

Q. Who did you speak to?

Q. And when you say your "government affairs team," who is on that team?

Q. And what do you recall about that conversation?

Q. And when did you join the department?

Q. And how far back did those conversations go in terms of -- well, strike that. Do you recall the time frame that you discussed in terms of the lobbying efforts with Mr. Naten and Mr. Tyndall?

Q. What was that time frame?

Q. Did you do anything to prepare yourself -- did you do anything to prepare to testify regarding this topic for the time period prior to 2011?

Q. And if I could go back to Topic 24, other than counsel, did you have any conversations with anyone regarding this topic?

Q. And you indicated that, I guess, you had a question regarding lobbying. What was that question?

Q. Okay. Can you review Topic 26?

Q. Read, to yourself.

Q. Are you prepared to testify on Topic 26?

Q. What did you do to prepare for that topic?

Q. Do you have any personal knowledge of that topic?

Q. Other than counsel, did you have any conversations regarding this topic?

Q. Do you recall reviewing any documents in connection with this topic?

Q. Did you review more than one document?

Q. Okay. Can you read Topic 30 to yourself?

Q. Are you prepared to testify on this topic?

Q. What did you do to prepare to testify?

Q. Do you have any personal knowledge of this topic?

Q. Other than counsel, did you have conversations with anyone else relating to this topic?

Q. Do you recall reviewing any documents relating to this topic?

Q. Can you read Topic 32 to yourself?

Q. What did you do to prepare for this topic?

Q. Do you have any personal knowledge of this topic?

Q. Other than counsel, did you speak with anyone else --

Q. -- regarding this topic?

Q. Do you recall reviewing any documents related to this topic?

Q. Can you review topic -- or can you read Topic 33 to yourself?

Q. Are you prepared to testify on this topic?

Q. What did you do to prepare?

Q. And when you say "reviewed," what do you mean by that?

Q. Okay. Other than counsel, did you talk to anyone else about this topic?

Q. Do you recall reviewing any documents related to this topic?

Q. Okay. Can you generally describe those -- those documents?

Q. Were there any documents that you recall reviewing that were not provided by counsel?

Q. Do you recall how many documents you reviewed?

Q. Can you review Topic 34?

Q. Are you prepared to testify on this topic?

Q. What did you do to prepare for this topic?

Q. Do you have any personal knowledge of this topic?

Q. Do you recall reviewing any documents in connection with this topic?

Q. Do you recall how many documents?

Q. And for the sake of the record, can you generally describe that document?

Q. Can you read Topic 36 to yourself?

Q. I'm sorry, going back to Topic 34 very quickly, did you have any conversations with anyone else other than your counsel regarding this topic?

Q. Then for Topic 36, what did you do to prepare for this topic?

Q. Okay. Do you have any personal knowledge of this topic?

Q. Did you have any conversations with anyone other than counsel regarding this topic?

Q. Do you recall reviewing any documents relating to this topic?

Q. Okay. Thank you. You can put that exhibit aside.

Q. So I would like to start with Topics Number 26 and Topic Number 30. And if you need to -- yeah, if you need to review Exhibit 1, please feel free to do so.

Q. Topic 26 and Topic Number 30.

Q. Okay. Now, when Mallinckrodt developed marketing and advertising materials, this was on a national basis, was it not?

Q. Okay. So Mallinckrodt would not have developed special ads for a specific state? For example, they would not have developed Ohio-specific advertising, would they have?

Q. Okay. And how did Mallinckrodt make decisions regarding how to distribute the advertisements and the marketing materials that it developed?

Q. And how would the sales force go about distributing that material?

Q. Okay. Would you use print advertising?

Q. Fair enough, let me rephrase that. Did you ever run advertisements in newspapers?

Q. Any print medium that gets distributed to the general public or a segment of the general public?

Q. Okay. What about any materials that were distributed to potential patients?

Q. Did you ever run any ads in magazines?

Q. Well, let's start with magazines that the general public would read.

Q. Would you run advertisements in medical journals?

Q. So with respect to -- and I want to cabin this to Mallinckrodt's opioid products, both branded and generic, with respect to direct-to-consumer advertising, did Mallinckrodt engage in any direct-to-consumer advertising for its opioid products?

Q. And your basis for that response is -- well, strike that. What is your basis for saying that Mallinckrodt did not do any direct-to-consumer advertising? Do you have -- is that your personal knowledge?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt market to health care professionals?

Q. And how did it do so?

Q. So I have journal ads, I have materials distributed by your sales force, and I have trade shows. Are there any other categories?

Q. And when you say "with your physicians," what do you mean by that?

Q. And when you say "education seminars," are you referring to CE, continuing education?

Q. But marketing would participate in the education seminars that you just mentioned?

Q. And all four of these channels would have been deployed pursuant to a national strategy or a national campaign; is that fair?

Q. And so these -- these national strategies or national campaigns would have included Ohio, would it not?

Q. Okay. So I would like to mark this as Exhibit 2. So, Mr. Webb, I've handed you an e-mail that also had an attachment to it. The attachment is stapled to the back of the e-mail. The e-mail is Bates number 2159712, and the attachment is 2159713. Could you please review that for me?

Q. Now, the attachment is a pain management pocket card set. Are you familiar with the pain management pocket card set?

Q. Do you know what is -- what -- well, strike that. What is the purpose of this pocket card set?

Q. Okay. Well, let me ask this: Why was -- why was this pocket card set created?

Q. Now, the e-mail indicates that the pocket cards were for the national account managers. Do you see that, sir?

Q. Okay. And the e-mail indicates that they were to be handed out at trade shows and distributed to customers. Do you know what the reference to "customers" means?

Q. Okay. And I guess they would be handed out at trade shows. So if trade shows were -- if a trade show were to occur in Ohio, presumably this material would have been handed out there?

Q. Okay. Now, do you know if this pain management pocket card set was -- was distributed, was actually distributed?

Q. Okay. Do you have any basis to believe that it was not distributed at trade shows?

Q. Okay. And you would consider this pain management pocket card set to be marketing material, would you not?

Q. But it was designed to be distributed outside of Mallinckrodt to inform people regarding opioid products; is that fair?

Q. Well, the national account managers were involved with the sale of both opioid -- I'm sorry, strike that. The national account managers were involved with the sale of both branded and generic opioid products, were they not?

Q. Okay. So these marketing -- well, these materials presumably relate to generic opioids then, based on this e-mail?

Q. Okay. Well, could you review the first page then?

Q. So does this material relate to branded or generic products?

Q. Okay. So that would -- and that would include both branded and generic products for Mallinckrodt, that class of opioids?

Q. Okay. And who was the target audience for this information?

Q. Was one of the purposes of this material to educate doctors?

Q. But wholesalers and distributors could have provided this information to their customers, which would have included doctors and pharmacists?

Q. But presumably wholesalers and distributors would use this information to encourage sales of their products, would they not?

Q. Well, the sales of Mallinckrodt's products that they were in charge of distributing.

Q. Well, so why is Mallinckrodt providing this information to wholesalers and distributors?

Q. Who reviewed the information in this -- in this -- in these -- in these cards?

Q. So what steps, if any, were taken to ensure this information was accurate?

Q. And Mallinckrodt would agree that's very important that the information in this pocket card set be accurate, would it not?

Q. Okay. I would like to mark this as Exhibit 3. So I've handed you an e-mail and two attachments to that e-mail. The e-mail is Bates numbered 2183036 and the attachments are 2183038 and 2183040.

Q. Okay. So the e-mail is MNK-Tl 2183036. The attachment is -- the first attachment is MNK-T1 2183038. And then the next attachment is MNK-11 2183040. So this is an e-mail chain involving LouAnn Randall and John Decker. Who is John Decker?

Q. And when you say "trade journals and publication planning," what do you mean by that?

Q. And the attachment to this e-mail, the e-mail references these as "two pieces that we've done on pain," and one is entitled "The Oxford American pocket cards on breakthrough pain," and other is "the pain management prospect set" that looks very similar to what we viewed in Exhibit 2.

Q. Do you know how these materials would have been distributed?

Q. So you have no reason to believe that these materials would not have been distributed into Ohio?

Q. And then on the back page with Bates number MNK-T1 2183037, I'm referring you to the back page of the e-mail, the very bottom e-mail there's a reference to the continuing education programs. Do you know what materials would have been created for the continuing education programs?

Q. The e-mail at the very bottom says, "Jessica, would you be involved in the continuing education programs?" So my question is do you know what materials would have been prepared for the continuing education programs?

Q. And the target audience of the continuing education program would have been physicians, would it not?

Q. Who would have been the target audience for a continuing education -- for your continuing education programs?

Q. So not only doctors, but nurses, pharmacists, others as well?

Q. Okay. Now, you indicated that this material was being repurposed, correct?

Q. Okay. By "repurposed," you mean that this material or some -- well, strike that. So these -- so these pain cards are being repurposed in the context of the continuing education program, correct?

Q. And the same with the pain management pocket card set?

Q. And these -- I'm sorry, go ahead.

Q. And based on the e-mail, though, these would have been used -- both of these pieces would have been used in the context of the continuing education programs?

Q. Okay. So I believe we're up to Exhibit 4. So, sir, I've handed you Exhibit 4. It's an e-mail with an attachment, and the e-mail starts with Bates number MNK-T1 1786889 and the attachment starts with MNK-T1 1786865.

Q. So this e-mail was actually two e-mail chains combined. The first e-mail chain is from 2008, and then the second e-mail chain is from 2010. I would like to focus on the e-mail chain from 2010. The subject is the ASPE-endorsed pain pocket guide and Exalgo opportunity. Do you know what ASPE is?

Q. Okay. And they reference their pain pocket guide, which is attached to this e-mail at Bates number MNK-T1 1786865. Do you know how this pocket guide was distributed?

Q. Okay. Do you have any reason to believe that this pocket guide would not have been distributed into Ohio?

Q. Okay. And the e-mail at the bottom of MNK-T1 1786889, the bottom of that page, references an order for 25,000 pocket guides. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Do you have any reason to believe that Mallinckrodt did not actually end up purchasing 25,000 pocket guides?

Q. Okay. Now, focusing on the pocket guide, is this pocket guide designed for use with generic opioid products, branded opioid products, or is it just opioid products in general?

Q. And when you say "speaks to the class of opioids," you're referring -- well, you're referring to a class of opioids that would include both Mallinckrodt-branded and generic products, fair?

Q. I would like to mark this as Exhibit 5. So, Mr. Webb, I am handing you Exhibit 5. It starts with Bates number MNK-T1 2248914. It has an attachment which is MNK-T1 2248919. This is essentially just the 2008 --

Q. This is essentially -- or this is the 2008 portion of the longer e-mail chain that you just reviewed in Exhibit 4.

Q. And its attachment appears to be the 2008 pain pocket guide put out by the ASPE.

Q. Yes. Do you know how this pain -- well, strike that. How was this pocket guide distributed by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you have any reason to believe that this wouldn't have been distributed in Ohio?

Q. And what steps did Mallinckrodt take to ensure that the information in this pain pocket guide was accurate?

Q. So I'm handing you what's been marked as Exhibit 6. Bears a Bates number MNK-T1 243238.

Q. So this document appears to be an advertisement that cover pages -- depicts

Q. Yes.

Q. I'm sorry, a what -- a master sales aid?

Q. And so this would have been provided to health care professionals, would it not?

Q. And this would have been provided to, among others, health care professionals in Ohio, correct?

Q. Okay. Thank you. Put that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. KAWAMOTO

Q. I think this is now Exhibit 7. So I've handed you what's marked as Exhibit 7. Its Bates number is MNK-T1 93384. And it is --

Q. Okay. So this -- is this an example of a -- well, strike that. So this document is captioned, "What will your patients be doing when time runs out on their chronic pain medicine?" It includes a picture of tennis shoes and what appears to be a leash. I take it, is this another example of a master sales aid?

Q. Okay. And was this sales aid distributed by your sales force to health care professionals?

Q. And it would have included health care professionals in Ohio, would it not?

Q. This is going to be Exhibit 8. I've handed you a document Bates numbered MNK-T1 999355.

Q. And is this another example of

Q. Master sales aid. What's the difference between a master sales aid and a sales said?

Q. Okay.

Q. So this master sales aid would have distributed by your sales force, including to health care professionals in Ohio, correct?

Q. This is Exhibit 9. I've handed you a document Bates number MNK-T1 93326, and the document is entitled, "Exalgo, a clinical overview."

Q. Is this another sales aid?

Q. Okay. And so it would have been distributed by your sales force to health care professionals in Ohio; is that fair?

Q. Okay. Put that aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. KAWAMOTO

Q. This would be Exhibit 10. So I've handed you a document Bates numbered MNK-T1 89968, and it -- it's

Q. Is this another example of a sales aid?

Q. And so this would have been distributed by your sales force to health care professionals in Ohio?

Q. And so these materials were not distributed directly to patients?

Q. Would this -- would this sales aid have been included or placed in a medical journal?

Q. But a piece similar to this could -- well, strike that. Would the journal ads have been similar to the sales ads that we have been reviewing the past few minutes?

Q. In what way would they have been different?

Q. And its purpose would have been to raise awareness among health care professionals regarding Mallinckrodt's branded products?

Q. Would it have -- would you also have had journal ads designed to raise awareness among health care professionals of Mallinckrodt's generic products?

Q. And did Mallinckrodt ever run journal ads raising awareness for its opioid products generally, so essentially unbranded advertising?

Q. Okay. So I believe this is Exhibit 11 now. So I've handed you a document that's Bates numbered MNK-T1 95581, and it's titled "Whole Story Sales Aid/Leave Behind Implementation Guide."

Q. What is this document?

Q. And when you say "sales training document," what do you mean by that?

Q. So we're looking -- this document is the implementation guide, so it's essentially training the sales force regarding -- based on the leave-behind; is that fair?

Q. And what was it training the sales force to do?

Q. And so all of Mallinckrodt's sales reps, including its Ohio sales reps, would have received this training?

Q. And so would it be fair to characterize this in some ways as a script for the -- for the sales force so that they could understand how to position this piece?

Q. And in terms of positioning, is that another way of saying -- well, strike that. What do you mean by "positioning"?

Q. So it would have been important for the sales force to stay on message, correct?

Q. And when you say stay "on label," what do you mean by that?

Q. So in -- well, strike that. So does this implementation guide provide guidance to the sales force as to what they can say and what they are not supposed to say?

Q. And so presumably they should not be ad-libbing or saying things that are not in this implementation guide; is that correct?

Q. I'm going to hand you Exhibit 12 now.

Q. So Exhibit 12 is a PowerPoint. It's Bates numbered MNK-T1 180030.

Q. Okay. So what is the -- what is a promotional communications tactical plan?

Q. Sure. What is a promotional communications tactical plan? That's the title of this document.

Q. And you see the slide on pages 2 and 3 that are titled "positioning" and "positioning statement."

Q. What is that?

Q. And so is this the sales message to the health care professionals?

Q. So when you say that it is -- this is the mindset of what you would want the physician -- well, I'm sorry, strike that. I believe you indicated that the position -- "the positioning statement is

Q. And so your sales material were designed to convince or persuade the health care professionals -- well, strike that. So the goal of your sales and marketing was to persuade the health care -- the health care professionals of your positioning statement; is that correct?

Q. And the way you would achieve that goal in terms of the appropriate mindset for the health care professional is through your sales and marketing efforts, that's my question?

Q. So, Mr. Webb, during the past hour we've looked at master sales aids, sales aids, leave-behinds, you know, various marketing and advertising materials. What was the general process for developing these materials?

Q. And this was all being done on

Q. Okay. And so there's no difference in the marketing materials or advertisements that would have been distributed and used in Ohio as opposed to anywhere else in the country from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And in terms of the training for the sales force, that was also done via a national program, correct?

Q. So there's no reason to -- both the messaging -- well, strike that. The message from the Ohio sales force would not have been different than the message from the sales force in any other part of the country, would that --

Q. Okay. So I would like to hand you what's now marked as Exhibit 13. So, sir, I've handed you a document Bates numbered MNK-Tl 98099.

Q. On the document it indicates it's part of the CARES Alliance, which is trademarked. What is the CARES Alliance?

Q. And this -- this slide or this document references education and enabling tools. What were those?

Q. And one of the categories of education -- I'm sorry, strike that. One of the categories of education and enabling tools is patients. Do you see that box?

Q. I take it the tools identified in that box would have been provided to patients?

Q. Okay. And you'll see in the box, one of the -- one of the tools is a Defeat Chronic Pain Now book. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with that book?

Q. Okay. But I take it Mallinckrodt would have reviewed that publication before identifying it as a tool for patients, correct?

Q. Okay. And so Mallinckrodt presumably concluded that that Defeat Chronic Pain Now book was accurate, correct?

Q. So I've just handed you a document entitled "Exalgo proposed risk mitigation strategy, including Exalgo risk evaluation and mitigation strategies, REMS," and the Bates number for this is MNK-11 548549. And I just have questions about the -- it's a fairly lengthy document. So I just have questions about the first page and then Table 4, which I believe is on -- I believe that is on page -- it's page 12 of the document and it's Bates number 548560.

Q. So what is a REMS?

Q. Okay. And you'll see on page 12 under Table 4, it's general opioid risk mitigation tools and activities. So what is the purpose of that table? Meaning why --

Q. Let me rephrase. Meaning why is this table included in this REMS document?

Q. And so these would have been materials that were being used to satisfy the REMS requirement by the FDA; is that correct?

Q. And one of the documents identified is the Defeat Chronic Pain Now book. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. I believe we're up to Exhibit 15. So I've handed you a document. It's Bates numbered MNK-11 1493093. The title is "CARES Alliance tools, catalog and order form."

Q. So what is this document?

Q. And so this would have been a listing of materials for physicians to provide to their patients in part, correct?

Q. If I could direct your attention to page 13 of this document, Bates number 1493099?

Q. That -- the title for that is "patient tools." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So I take it these would have been materials for health care -- for health care professionals to provide to their patients?

Q. Okay. And there's a description of the various tools. Do you see that as well?

Q. Okay. And Mallinckrodt prepared this catalog and order form?

Q. Now, I would like to direct your attention back to Exhibit 2. Do you have that handy? And I would like to focus your attention on the Bates number -- well, on the pain management card. Do you see that?

Q. So do you see the box that says "treat"?

Q. There's a box on the pain management card and it says "treat." And actually, why don't I use the Elmo. That might make things a little better, assuming I can get over there. So if I could direct your attention, do you see that statement that I'm starring right over there?

Q. Okay. So can you read that statement into the record? Just that sentence or phrase.

Q. Yes, please.

Q. Yes, please.

Q. Okay. And I take it Mallinckrodt agrees with that statement?

Q. Okay. So Mallinckrodt believes that that statement is an accurate one?

Q. "With older adults, start dose low, go slow, but go," correct?

Q. But in the course of preparing for this 30 , you don't have any reason to believe that Mallinckrodt believes that statement is inaccurate, do you?

Q. And given the review process for this document, it would be your expectation that Mallinckrodt agreed that the statement is accurate; is that fair?

Q. Okay. And what steps were taken to ensure the accuracy of that bullet point?

Q. And do you know who that would have been?

Q. Okay. And what are the scientific or medical studies that support that statement?

Q. And you're getting Gupta from the author, which -- Ruchir Gupta, 2014?

Q. Okay. But you don't -- Mallinckrodt doesn't know what basis Dr. Gupta had for that statement, does it?

Q. But based on your preparation for this -- for this 30 and based on your personal knowledge, you can't identify any scientific or medical studies that support this statement; is that accurate?

Q. Directing your attention to the bullet point that's four down, it says, "Two drugs of the same class." Do you see that?

Q. I'm sorry, let me --

Q. Can you please read that into the record?

Q. And does Mallinckrodt agree with that statement?

Q. Okay. And what steps were taken to ensure the accuracy of that statement?

Q. And what are the scientific or medical studies that support that statement?

Q. But you're not aware, based on your preparation for this 30 or your personal knowledge, of what materials, if any, that Dr. Gupta relied on?

Q. Okay. And do you, in fact, know that that Ruchir Gupta is a doctor?

Q. Okay. Directing your attention to the box below "treat," it says "monitor." Do you see that? Right there?

Q. Okay. So could you please read the statement that says "Most" -- that starts with "Most opioid."

Q. Okay. Does Mallinckrodt agree with that statement?

Q. Okay. And what are the scientific or medical studies that support that statement?

Q. Do you see the bullet underneath that that says -- that starts with "Addiction rarely occurs"?

Q. Could you please read that into the record?

Q. Well, it's HHX, is that history?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Does Mallinckrodt agree with that statement?

Q. Okay. And what are the scientific or medical studies that support that statement?

Q. And when you say you "would defer to Gupta," just to be clear, you're not aware of what studies or what basis Mr. Gupta has for these statements, do you?

Q. And you don't know anything about Mr. Gupta or his qualifications?

Q. Okay. Do you see the box at the top again -- let me try to point that out. It's right up there.

Q. "Breakthrough pain management." Can you please read the first bullet point?

Q. And can you please read the second bullet point?

Q. Okay. I take it Mallinckrodt agrees with both of those statements?

Q. Okay. But you're not aware of the -- any medical studies or scientific studies that support those statements?

Q. Okay. Thank you. Can you please take a look at Exhibit 5 for me? If I could direct your attention to the guidelines pocket card, the attachment.

Q. And do you see Table 5? It's going to be on page Bates number 2248920.

Q. Can you please read the very last bullet point in that table?

Q. I'm sorry, under Table 5, Principles of Pain Management with Opioids.

Q. That first -- that first -- well, there's a table and then it says, "acute pain, eudynia," underneath that.

Q. Let me. So it's right up there. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And then do you see the very bottom bullet point under that table?

Q. Yes.

Q. Okay. Can you please read that into the record?

Q. Okay. And review Table 7, if you would like to, but I guess my question is does Mallinckrodt agree with that statement?

Q. And what are the medical or scientific studies that support the statement that risk of addiction is rare?

Q. And so is that the -- well, strike that. Is that a -- that says it's a public policy statement, though. That's not a medical or scientific study, is it?

Q. Okay. Other than that public policy statement, are you aware of any other scientific or medical studies that support the statement that the risk of addiction is rare?

Q. Moving beyond this piece and taking that -- just taking the statement "the risk of addiction is rare," are you aware of any medical or scientific studies that support that statement?

Q. But in the course of preparing for this 30 deposition and in the course of preparing for these topics, you are not aware of any scientific or medical studies that support the -- that statement, "the risk of addiction is rare," other than what you've identified for me, which is the public policy statement; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. So I've handed you Exhibit 16, which is an excerpt of the Defeat Chronic Pain Now book, which we've discussed previously. And because it's an excerpt, it's obviously not the full book, so please take the time you need to review the excerpt that I've provided you.

Q. Okay. So directing your attention to page 174. Do you see the very top of the paragraph right underneath "who is appropriate for opioid medication"?

Q. Could you please read those first two sentences into the record?

Q. Okay. Does Mallinckrodt agree with that statement?

Q. Okay. And what are the medical and/or scientific studies that support that statement?

Q. So Mallinckrodt didn't take any other independent review to ensure the accuracy of this statement other than whatever basis Dr. Galer -- Dr. Galer and Dr. Argoff had?

Q. And what would that review have entailed?

Q. Okay. But based on your review -- well, based on your preparation for this topic, Topic 30, and your personal knowledge, you cannot identify any medical studies or scientific studies that support the statement you just read into the record; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. Well -- and this statement doesn't appear to have any reference or footnote attributed to it, does it, sir?

Q. I'm sorry, what --

Q. Thank you. So directing your attention to page 176.

Q. Do you see the sentence in the middle of the second paragraph that states -- that starts with, "When chronic pain"?

Q. Can you please read that statement into the record?

Q. Yes, please.

Q. Does Mallinckrodt agree with that statement?

Q. And based on your preparation for Topic Number 30 and your personal knowledge, can you identify any scientific or medical studies that support that statement? Strike that. Based on your preparation for this topic and your personal knowledge, can Mallinckrodt identify any scientific or medical studies that support that statement?

Q. Okay. Can you turn to page 177? Do you see the paragraph that begins with "the bottom line"?

Q. Can you please read that into the record?

Q. Does Mallinckrodt agree with that statement?

Q. And can you identify any scientific or medical studies that support that statement?

Q. On the next -- on the last page of this excerpt, there is a Q&A with Dr. Argoff and Dr. Galer. Do you see that?

Q. And do you see the very last paragraph that starts with "here are the facts"?

Q. Can you please read that into the record?

Q. Yes, please.

Q. Does Mallinckrodt agree with that statement?

Q. Well, unique in what way, sir?

Q. Okay. But to be clear for the record, this is -- this is included in the Defeat Chronic Pain Now publication, correct?

Q. And that was a publication that Mallinckrodt reviewed, correct?

Q. And that's a publication that Mallinckrodt recommended be distributed by health care providers to their patients; is that correct?

Q. And are you aware of any medical or scientific studies that support that statement, that paragraph?

Q. Now, if I could direct your attention to Exhibit 12 again.

Q. And this is the slide -- and I would like to direct your attention to page 3 of this PowerPoint and the slide that says "Positioning Statement." Do you see that?

Q. In particular, do you see the bullet point that begins with "that"?

Q. Can you please read that into the record?

Q. Okay. I assume that is a statement that Mallinckrodt would agree with as that is its positioning statement for -- I believe it's Xartemis, correct?

Q. What are the scientific or medical studies that support that statement?

Q. Well, are you aware of any scientific or medical studies that support the statement that Xartemis provides fast-acting and long-lasting pain relief without concerns about abuse?

Q. So I would like to move now to Topic 25, and please feel free to consult the deposition notice if you want to see what that topic is.

Q. I would like to mark this as Exhibit 17. So this is an e-mail chain Bates numbered MNK-Tl 4204631.

Q. Okay. And do you see the top that says, "We'll need to be creative. Stopping prescription limits will be a long shot." That's an e-mail from Derek Naten to yourself?

Q. Who is Derek Naten?

Q. Okay. And so Mallinckrodt was opposed to prescription limits; is that correct?

Q. I'm sorry, I'm a little unclear with your testimony because the -- the prescription limits would be legislation that would place limitations on prescribing behavior, correct?

Q. Okay. And to sort of try to trace this -- the e-mail chain, the bottom e-mail is an e-mail from you where you say, "Gents, in follow-up to our discussion last night, new article published in JAMA of Psychiatry shows jump in heroin use with white suburbanites. Speaks as to why the state legislators are now clamoring for a solution. Interesting that New York unveiled 25 bills to manage heroin increase." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. The next sentence says, "While last evening during dinner we were discussing the importance of increasing access, may be a win is just keeping the riders off that limit a physician to how many days they can prescribe for." So that indicates that Mallinckrodt is opposed to riders that would limit a physician with respect to how many days they can prescribe for; is that accurate?

Q. But your internal view is that Mallinckrodt was opposed to prescription limits?

Q. Well, regardless of whether Mallinckrodt acted on it -- well, strike that. So when Derek Naten says, "We'll need to be creative. Stopping prescription limits will be a long shot," what did he mean by "we'll need to be creative"?

Q. Well, what did you understand him to mean?

Q. Okay. Internally why was Mallinckrodt opposed to prescription limits? Regardless of whether they acted on it, as you said, why were they opposed to it?

Q. Now, when you say "increase access to" -- I'm sorry, when you say "increase access to addiction treatment," would that have including increasing access to methadone or Methadose?

Q. Okay. And Mallinckrodt was a leading manufacturer of Methadose, was it not?

Q. Mallinckrodt -- well, I understand that it's a generic product, but Mallinckrodt was a leading manufacturer of that generic product, correct?

Q. Okay. So this is an e-mail chain Bates numbered MNK-Tl 867636.

Q. So this is an e-mail chain between you and Mike Ybarra. Who is Mr. Ybarra?

Q. And what is PhRMA?

Q. Would you consider them to be one of the more important trade groups with respect to pharmaceuticals?

Q. And this concerns AMA Resolution 707, does it not?

Q. Okay. And PhRMA and Mallinckrodt opposed AMA Resolution 707, did they not?

Q. So the statement -- well, strike that. So with respect to AMA medical -- I'm sorry, with respect to AMA Resolution 707, did Mallinckrodt agree with the resolution?

Q. What was the basis for Mallinckrodt's disagreement with the resolution?

Q. So do you see the part of the e-mail where Mike Ybarra says, "Cut and paste below are PhRMA activities around drug abuse and Resolution 707, which we are opposing. Any help reaching out to groups on 707 would be much appreciated." And in your response to him on that point is, "We'll be reaching out to groups regarding 707. Are you okay if we put your name as contact in the event that they have any questions or want to coordinate with you if they're attending the AMA conference next week?" Did I read that accurately?

Q. So why are you reaching out to groups regarding 707 if you don't agree with PhRMA's position on the resolution? Strike that. Why are you reaching out to groups regarding 707 if you don't agree with PhRMA's opposition to Resolution 707?

Q. So one of the statements in the resolution is "Whereas in 2010, 16,660 people -- 65 people died from opioid-related overdoses, a fourfold increase from 1999, when only 4,030 such deaths occurred. And further, the number of opioid prescriptions written has doubled from 109 million in 1998 to 259 million in 2012. And some authors estimate that there are 12 deaths annually in the US per a hundred thousand patients on opioid medications. And further, of the 22,767 deaths in the US related to pharmaceutical overdose, more than 71 percent were due to opioid pain relievers." Do you disagreement with that statement, sir?

Q. I'm sorry, strike that. Does Mallinckrodt disagree with that statement?

Q. Okay. Well, what about the statement above that, "Whereas there has been an explosion of opioid use and abuse in the United States, and this increase in the this use and abuse of the pain medications closely mirrors the broad and diffuse promulgation of pain as the fifth vital sign, which became a Joint Commission standard in 2001." Does Mallinckrodt disagree with that statement?

Q. Okay. Now, the statement below it, "Whereas in the majority of cases, pain is a symptom of underlying pathology and not

Q. Okay. The next statement is "Whereas the push to the public that all pain is bad and should be managed to the point of eradication or total resolution has led to inappropriate pain management practices by clinicians and demand by patients, and whereas by pushing pain as a fifth vital sign, the medical culture has been changed by altering physician, but more importantly, patient behavior, and this increased focus on pain and its eradication has led to the diffuse overuse of opioids." Does Mallinckrodt agree with that statement?

Q. Okay. But based on your preparation for Topic Number 25 and your personal knowledge based on your professional responsibilities, you don't have any reason to believe that Mallinckrodt disagrees with those statements that we just reviewed?

Q. Okay.

Q. So this is an e-mail chain Bates numbered MNK-T1 866405. And I would like to direct your attention to the VA task force. It's an e-mail from Steven LaPierre dated Tuesday, November 24th, and it's in the middle of page 866406. Do you see that?

Q. And do you see the first paragraph, sir?

Q. And do you see the part where it says, "Attached is a sign-on letter from the US Pain Foundation expressing support for efforts to improve the quality of VA pain care and the need for patient-centered, individualized interdisciplinary, balanced treatment options, as well as concerns about the need for updating the current VA standards and the required adoption of the draft CDC opioid prescribing guidelines." With respect to concerns about the draft CDC -- well, taking a step back. Do you know if Mallinckrodt signed this letter?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt have concerns about the draft CDC opioid prescribing guidelines?

Q. Okay. So you didn't take -- Mallinckrodt did not take any lobbying or legislative action to try to modify or change the draft prescribing guidelines?

Q. Okay. The very top e-mail is from Mark to you, and it says, "We should look at whether the legislation provides us a vehicle for pushing MMA." What is "MMA"?

Q. Okay. And when he says, "Ray may have some thoughts," who is Ray?

Q. Thank you. QUESTIONS BY MR. KAWAMOTO

Q. I would like to mark this as Exhibit 20. Okay. So this is an e-mail chain between you and Mark and Derek, and it's Bates numbered MNK-T1 864164.

Q. At the bottom of this e-mail chain there are the CDC draft guidelines for opioid prescribing. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And just to be clear, you agree with -- Mallinckrodt agreed with these draft guidelines?

Q. Okay. But for example, the first paragraph for the draft guidelines is, "Nonpharmacological therapy and non opoid pharmacological therapy are preferred for chronic pain. Providers should only consider aiding opioid therapy if expected benefits for both pain and function are anticipated to outweigh risks." Mallinckrodt agrees with that statement?

Q. Okay. And then underneath that it says, "Before starting long-term opioid therapy, providers should establish treatment goals with all patients, including realistic goals for pain and function. Providers should continue opioid therapy only if there's clinically meaningful improvement in pain and function that outweighs risk to patient safety." Mallinckrodt agrees with that statement?

Q. Underneath that it says, "Before starting and periodically during opioid therapy, providers should discuss with patients risks and realistic benefits of opioid therapy and patient and provider responsibilities for managing therapy." Mallinckrodt agrees with that statement?

Q. Underneath that it says, "When starting opioid therapy, providers should prescribe short-acting opioids instead of extended release, long-acting opioids." That's a statement Mallinckrodt agrees with?

Q. Okay. Underneath that it says, "When opioids are started, providers should prescribe the lowest possible effective dosage. Providers should implement additional precautions when increasing dosage to 50 or greater milligrams per day in morphine equivalence and should avoid increasing dosages to 90 or greater milligrams per day in morphine equivalence." That's a statement that Mallinckrodt agrees with?

Q. Okay. Now, the statement that's paragraph number 6, "Long-term opioid use often begins with treatment of acute pain. When opioids are used for acute pain, providers should prescribe the lowest effective dose of short-acting opioids and should prescribe no greater quantity than needed for the expected duration of pain severe enough to require opioids. Three or four -- three or fewer days will usually be sufficient for nontraumatic pain not related to major surgery." That's a statement that Mallinckrodt agrees with?

Q. So, Mr. Webb, we had spoke earlier about various medical and scientific studies, and so I just want to make sure that the record is clear. Topic 30 states, "whether from 2007 onward, you or anyone on your behalf or any trade organization, group or professional association of which you were a member or sponsor made any of the following representations or similar statements through either branded or unbranded marketing. And if the answer is yes, the specific basis for each such representation or statement. And these include, A, the risk of addiction from chronic opioid therapy is low; to the extent there is a risk of addiction, it can be easily identified and managed; signs of addictive behavior or pseudoaddiction requiring more opioids; opioid withdrawal can be avoided by tapering; opioid doses can be increased without limit of greater risk; long-term opioid use includes functioning; alternative forms of pain relief pose greater risk than opioids; and new formulations of certain opioids successfully deter abuse." And you've been designated by Mallinckrodt to provide testimony on Topic Number 30, which means that you prepared for this topic; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And in the course of preparing for this topic, I believe you previously testified that you spoke to your counsel, but that you didn't review any documents relating to this topic. Is that also correct?

Q. Okay. And you don't recall reviewing any documents relating to this topic?

Q. So you didn't recall reviewing any documents that were either studies or that made reference to studies relating to these statements identified in Topic Number 30, do you?

Q. Okay.

Q. Now, you didn't independently undertake to -- sorry, strike that. You didn't independently attempt to locate documents relating to these topics, including Topic 30, did you?

Q. Yes, you didn't undertake any independent efforts to identify documents to review?

Q. So you relied on your counsel to provide you with the relevant documents?

Q. And so if there were documents that related to Topic 30, for example, documents that would provide the specific basis for the various representations or statements below, you would expect counsel to have provided those to you; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Now, if I could direct your attention back to Exhibit 16. I think it's the Defeat Chronic Pain Now excerpt. And it's page 176. And this is a statement that relates to the risk of addiction. It's, "When chronic pain patients take opioids to treat their pain， they rarely develop a true addiction and drug craving." 上乙：16：38 What is meant by a "true 上乙：1◎：4上 addiction“?

Q. Sure, it's page 176 and it's the middle paragraph. 上乙：1◎：4鄉

Q. Yes. 上乙 The sentence reads, "When chronic pain patients take opioids 七o treat 1／:1幻：勺4 their pain, they rarely develop a true addiction and drug craving." 上乙：16：58 Do you see that sentence? 上乙：17:00 八． I do. 上豈 Q Okay. What is meant by a "true addiction"?

Q. Okay.

Q. So I would like now to cover Topic Number 24. And Topic Number 24 deals with "all direct or indirect donations or payments concerning opioids or opioid products to lobbyists, persons or entities named in the complaint or persons who disseminated information about prescription opioids to prescribers or the public on your behalf and the identity of all persons responsible for such donations or payments." Are you familiar with the term "KOL" or a "key opinion leader"?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever make payments to KOLs?

Q. Okay. What were KOLs paid for? Well, strike that. Why did Mallinckrodt make payments to KOLs?

Q. So you paid KOLs for giving seminars. Did you ever pay them for doing research?

Q. Okay. Were KOLs ever paid for writing articles?

Q. Well, any type of article, either a clinical article, an opinion piece,

Q. Okay. What was the -- well, let's take 2011. What was the annual budget for KOLs in 2011?

Q. Okay. Are you aware of what the KOL budget would have been for any of the years at issue in this litigation, which I believe is from 1995 to present?

Q. Okay. Do you know if such a record exists? Well, strike that. If I wanted to identify by year the budget for KOLs, where would I look?

Q. Okay. Was -- were these expenditures also tracked on an aggregate basis by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Or the total overall. So if I wanted to know what the total payments to KOLs in, let's say, 2013 amounted to, where would I go to get that information?

Q. And as a 30 designee for this topic though, you're not aware of what the aggregate payments were on a yearly basis for KOLs, are you?

Q. Okay. So I would like to designate this as I think Exhibit 21. So this is a document, it's Bates numbered MNK-11 860223. It appears to be a document that was put together for Mallinckrodt by APCO.

Q. Who is APCO or what is APCO?

Q. And what -- well, let me rephrase that question. What did APCO do for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And so these are all pain management organizations that they've identified; is that fair?

Q. And do you know what criteria APCO was using for these organizations, or does it -- does it appear to be all of the pain management organizations broken into different categories?

Q. And would these organizations have been ones where Mallinckrodt could become a member of the organization?

Q. Well, are these -- are these associations that Mallinckrodt could join?

Q. Okay. So taking a look at this list, can you identify for me any associations or organizations that Mallinckrodt would have joined?

Q. As a member.

Q. Yes, Mallinckrodt would not be

Q. Okay. Do you know if Mallinckrodt made payments to any of these organizations?

Q. Okay. Could you please identify for me which organizations that Mallinckrodt made payments to?

Q. Uh-huh. Understood.

Q. Yes.

Q. Yes, please.

Q. Well, actually, going back to the patient organizations, for the ones you've identified, can you -- well, what was the payment amount?

Q. And so can you -- for the organizations you've identified, how much money did you give them?

Q. And what documents would those be?

Q. And so if I wanted to see the overall spend on patient organizations for any given year, let's say 2012, where would I go to find that information?

Q. And would these records identify the aggregate amount?

Q. Yes, for the year.

Q. Okay. And they would also break it down by group as well; is that correct?

Q. Is that your understanding?

Q. But as you sit here today, you don't have that information available to you?

Q. Okay. And so essentially the same inquiry for the provider organizations, can you identify which of these you provided funds to?

Q. Just the ones you can identify.

Q. Okay.

Q. And I take it, as with the previous list, you don't have any -- any recollection of the amounts or time period, but the finance department would have that?

Q. Then what about the academic research institutions?

Q. And then what about the government agencies or organizations?

Q. So, Mr. Webb, I would like to turn to Topic 32, which is "your coordination or communications with any defendant in this action, including, but not limited to, your participation in any industry groups or professional societies or any defendant in this matter is a member relating or -- relating or referring to pain care, the sale of opioids, the marketing or promotion of opioids, regulations, rules or laws affecting the sale, promotion and marketing of opioids and the potential for abuse and diversion of opioids." And within that topic, I would like to focus on the Anti-Diversion Industry Working Group. Are you familiar with that entity or that group?

Q. Okay. And what is that working knowledge?

Q. Thanks.

Q. And what did that group end up -- what concrete steps did that group end up taking to attempt to reduce diversion?

Q. And other than that video, were there any other deliverables?

Q. Okay. And based on your preparation for this topic, is one of the things or one of the -- one of the -- one of the things you reviewed this Anti-Diversion Industry Working Group?

Q. But it's your understanding and based on a reasonable inquiry, that other than this Red Flags video, you're not aware of any other deliverables that this -- this group ever produced?

Q. Okay. And how long -- is that group still in existence?

Q. Okay. And do you recall roughly how long or how much time it took to create this video?

Q. Okay. Do you have any sense of how much it cost to create the video?

Q. Good afternoon, Mr. Webb. My name is Seamus Kelly. I'm representing plaintiffs in the Tennessee lawsuits that have been cross-noticed in this deposition.

Q. Mr. Webb, did you do any specific preparation based on a separate lawsuit in Tennessee?

Q. Okay. Looking back on your testimony today, there were several times where it was specified that certain materials would have been distributed in Ohio. Would you say the same for Tennessee?

Q. Okay. Looking at Topic 2, "the role of wholesalers, distributors and pharmacies, including, but not limited to, defendants in the supply chain for your opioid products and the responsibilities of each with respect to marketing, sales and supply," did Mallinckrodt's generics detail pharmacies in Tennessee?

Q. Okay. Are you aware of them detailing pharmacies in general?

Q. And are you aware of Mallinckrodt detailing pharmacies regarding branded opioid products?

Q. And with Topic 3, specifically "warning letters sent to you by the FDA and any other communications between you and the FDA regarding your marketing of your opioid products, your response to these letters, all subsequent actions you took in response to those communications and all budgets for any such actions by year," was -- were any of these budgets state specific?

Q. Okay. But the question is were budgets -- budget -- or responses to FDA letters, were there budgets that were state specific?

Q. Regarding Topic 8, and this, again, is "actions taken by Mallinckrodt after the CDC declared an opioid epidemic in 2011," were there changes to Mallinckrodt's opioid allocations in Tennessee?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt do anything differently in Tennessee after the CDC declared an opioid epidemic?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt have an initiative to distribute bags for opioid disposal?

Q. And do you recall Tennessee being included in that?

Q. This is Exhibit 22, and it's Bates stamped MNK TNSTA04423166.

Q. Does that refresh your memory?

Q. Okay. So it -- is it correct that Tennessee was a priority state for this bag initiative?

Q. All right. And looking specifically at your response at the top of this e-mail --

Q. -- is it accurate to say that you were highlighting the Appalachian region for this initiative?

Q. Okay. And what is your understand -- what is the Appalachian region?

Q. Okay. And at this time you were targeting those states for this initiative?

Q. And why was Ohio not a priority state?

Q. But the focus was on the Appalachia?

Q. So -- strike that. QUESTIONS BY MR. KELLY

Q. I'm going to hand you another exhibit. This is Exhibit 23. And Exhibit 23 is Bates stamped MNK TNSTA00198469, with an attachment that is MNK TNSTA00198470.

Q. Okay. Thanks. I would like you to look at page 5 of the attachment.

Q. If you could read point number 2 for me?

Q. Okay. In looking to the map to the right, which -- do you see that Tennessee is indicated to be one of those states that two or few are covered?

Q. And what do you understand that to mean?

Q. Okay. So would that make Tennessee one of the 19 targeted states?

Q. Okay.

Q. And if you turn to page 16?

Q. Do you know why Tennessee was not one of the ten states targeted?

Q. All right. So at this point there was no longer a focus on Appalachia?

Q. I would like to move to Topic 24. And earlier you were discussing speaker series. I'm going to pass you an exhibit. QUESTIONS BY MR. KELLY

Q. And this is Exhibit 24. It is MNK TNSTA00184173. And I will -- I'll let you know that we did slightly modify this spreadsheet that was in your custodial file where it just excludes all states except for Tennessee. And were documents such as this used for tracking speaker series?

Q. And were there ever nonprescribers that would attend these meetings?

Q. Okay. I'm going to pass you what will be marked Exhibit 25. This exhibit is Bates number MNK TNSTA00184232. And similarly, this is another spreadsheet from your custodial file that we've modified to the extent that we excluded any states that were not Tennessee.

Q. And are these documents that are normally kept in the course of Mallinckrodt's business of scheduling speaker series?

Q. Okay. And looking at column O, it's labeled HONR. To your understanding, is that an honorarium?

Q. Okay. What is an outcome study?

Q. Sure, I can pass you what will be Exhibit 26, which is MNK-T1 0006524864.

Q. And the question I had asked you is what is an outcome study?

Q. Okay. And here you're seeking someone for an outcome study to determine what causes a change in patient's behavior to dispose of unused or unneeded prescription opioids?

Q. And did Mallinckrodt pay researchers for such a study?

Q. What is the Alliance for Balanced Pain Management?

Q. And you said this was in full disclosure to all participants. Does this organization publish information?

Q. Does the -- would a member of the public know that it was funded by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did it disclose that information on the website?

Q. Okay. Are you -- are you still on the steering committee for this organization?

Q. And who is Bob Twillman?

Q. And is he involved in the alliance for pain -- or sorry, the Alliance for Balanced Pain Management?

Q. Okay. What is CPOP?

Q. And who is the leadership of CPOP?

Q. And the Community of Anti-Drug Alliances of America, is that --

Q. And who funds CPOP?

Q. So is Mallinckrodt their primary funder?

Q. And does Mallinckrodt sponsor CADCA to an extent?

Q. I have another exhibit for you. It's 27. This is Bates stamped MNK TNSTA01002290.

Q. Do you recognize that document?

Q. And is it accurate?

Q. Okay. Did Mallinckrodt have any expectations in return for funding these programs?

Q. Okay. I give you Exhibit 28, which is Bates stamped MNK TNSTA00155119.

Q. Would you say -- can you read the second paragraph of your response in this e-mail?

Q. Would that be an accurate expression of Mallinckrodt's position?

Q. Is it consistent with Mallinckrodt's position?

Q. Has CPOP held any events?

Q. Sure, they -- have they done any informational presentations?

Q. Have they held any events that are meant to inform?

Q. Do you recall a presentation in Nashville that was organized by CPOP?

Q. Do you recall CPOP holding a presentation -- or organizing a presentation on behalf of Axial Healthcare?

Q. How many -- how many of these informational sessions for stakeholders would you say that CPOP has held?

Q. Is it -- could it be one?

Q. Okay. Do you recall CPOP putting on a presentation that focused on neonatal abstinence syndrome?

Q. All right. Moving to Topic 26, earlier you testified in this area quite some time, so I just had some things I wanted to clarify. How does Mallinckrodt define health care providers?

Q. Okay. Would pharmacists be considered health care providers?

Q. And earlier you referenced some materials being distributed at trade shows. Did prescribers attend trade shows?

Q. In general, do prescribers attend trade shows?

Q. Is Pain Week a trade show?

Q. Does Mallinckrodt -- does Mallinckrodt's branded organization attend Pain Week?

Q. And does Mallinckrodt's generics department attend Pain Week?

Q. Does Mallinckrodt distribute materials at Pain Week?

Q. Are there any trade shows where Mallinckrodt's generics department presents or provides materials that prescribers attend?