Witness: Kevin Becker
Attorney: MR. Egler
Source: MNKOI0005220774
============================================================

Q. Mr. Becker, good morning.

Q. Thanks for coming in today. Could you state your home address for the record.

Q. And who is your current employer?

Q. Do you have an office that you report to for BioDelivery Sciences?

Q. In your work right now for BioDelivery Sciences, do you work mostly in the greater Cleveland area or something else?

Q. Okay. What states?

Q. Okay. If you had to pick one place that you mostly work out of currently, where do you work out of?

Q. All right. So today I'm going to be asking some questions, and you understand that you're under oath?

Q. So what does that mean to you to be under oath?

Q. Are you taking any medication, or do you have any condition today that affects your memory or your ability to answer questions truthfully?

Q. All right. Have you ever testified in

Q. As you think of it, do you have a lawyer who is representing you here today?

Q. Who is it?

Q. At the end of the deposition, do you expect to get an invoice from your lawyers?

Q. Why not?

Q. All right. So we're going to talk today about your time at Mallinckrodt and some other entities, and as we proceed into the deposition, for both of our purposes, I want to get some understandings as we work. As you think of it, the company, Mallinckrodt, that you just talked about, when did you work for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And then in January of 2014, what happened?

Q. And throughout the deposition today, if I don't know how to spell a word, I'm going to ask you to spell it out just for the record. It makes things easier. So how do you spell Salix?

Q. Have you ever heard the term "Covidien"?

Q. In the context of your work at Mallinckrodt, what's Covidien?

Q. As you think about the immediate work environment that you were in in the Ohio area in general, and you think about the changes from Mallinckrodt to Covidien, back to Mallinckrodt, did the personnel that you worked with on a day-to-day basis change much through that process?

Q. So we'll go through that a little bit.

Q. Do you remember about the time frame of the Tyco Mallinckrodt spin-off to Covidien?

Q. Do you remember when it was brought back into Mallinckrodt?

Q. All right. Before working for Mallinckrodt, what did you do?

Q. For who?

Q. And then, again, when did you start with Mallinckrodt?

Q. What was your first job title at Mallinckrodt?

Q. As sales representative, when you first started, what did you sell?

Q. Okay. Can you spell the Tofranil?

Q. And what did Tofranil-PM do?

Q. And what was the other drug? I'm sorry. A Restoril.

Q. How do you spell that?

Q. And what was the indication for Restoril?

Q. So at some point after you started and were working with those two drugs, did your work change at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And as field marketing specialist, what were your responsibilities?

Q. When you were a field -- is it field marketing specialist?

Q. What drugs, if any, in particular did you support?

Q. Okay. That last one, Magnacet, what's that?

Q. All right. So can you spell Magnacet?

Q. With regard to the Magnacet drug, do you remember when you first started working with it?

Q. Would it have been after 2010?

Q. So sometime between 2001 and 2010?

Q. So can you describe to me your memory of your work with Magnacet as a field marketing specialist?

Q. You used that term, "advisory board." What does that mean to you, just that term?

Q. As you think of it, was there a particular Magnacet advisory board at Mallinckrodt or Covidien?

Q. Do you remember any particular person at Mallinckrodt or Covidien that you would have worked with on your work with Magnacet who worked in the marketing department?

Q. And I think you said this, but I wanted to make sure. With regard to the responsibilities you had as field marketing specialist for Magnacet, as you think of it, was that nationwide or regional?

Q. Did it change at some point?

Q. Were you still responsible for some part of the country?

Q. And as we're sitting here today, this is probably more than ten years ago, right?

Q. So with regard to that Magnacet work that you did as a field marketing specialist, do you remember any particular key opinion leaders that you either worked with or identified or developed or something else?

Q. Do you remember ever meeting him?

Q. What do you remember about him?

Q. What was your work -- let me start over. What was your role in working with Dr. -- is it Armani?

Q. -- Imani for Mallinckrodt?

Q. When you say "data collection," what do you mean?

Q. Would that be like a study that was being conducted or just reports of particular prescriptions or something else?

Q. Do you have an understanding of how Dr. Imani came to track the type of information that you were responsible for getting from him?

Q. Do you remember if Mallinckrodt paid Dr. Imani for providing this data?

Q. Do you remember how much?

Q. So do you remember, when you were working with Dr. Imani at Mallinckrodt, whether he continued to work with Mallinckrodt after your job responsibilities changed?

Q. Do you remember about what time the relationship he had with you at Mallinckrodt ended?

Q. All right. Do you remember why it ended?

Q. And when you say "they dissolved that department," what department are you thinking of?

Q. Were the responsibilities of the field marketing specialist taken up by any other group at Mallinckrodt as you think about it?

Q. All right. When you worked as a field marketing specialist at Mallinckrodt, who did you report to? Do you remember?

Q. When you worked as a field marketing specialist for Mallinckrodt, where did you live?

Q. All right. Beyond Dr. Imani, do you remember any other doctors that you worked with supporting Magnacet when you were a field marketing specialist?

Q. Do you remember whether there was more than one doctor -- let me start over. Was Dr. Imani the only doctor that you worked with as a. field marketing specialist supporting Magnacet?

Q. So you don't remember one way or the other?

Q. All right. So I think you said in 2007 you moved on to a different job at Mallinckrodt; is that right?

Q. What did you move on to doing?

Q. And as you think about it, what is the job of a district sales manager at Mallinckrodt?

Q. As you undertook the job of district sales manager at Mallinckrodt, do you remember receiving any particular training to do the job?

Q. Now, as you started as a district sales manager at Mallinckrodt, were you assigned to support any particular pharmaceuticals?

Q. And as you think about it, about how many branded products were in the Mallinckrodt portfolio around this time, I think you said, 2007?

Q. Do you remember their names?

Q. Can you spell TussiCaps that you just mentioned?

Q. And then at some point did that breadth of brands change?

Q. Okay. At some point did you become responsible for more opioids other than the Magnacet?

Q. About when did that happen, as you think about it?

Q. Okay. And what opioids did you become responsible for in 2009 or 2010?

Q. And as you think about it, beyond Exalgo, did you ever work with any other brand-name opioids while you worked at Mallinckrodt?

Q. All right. I just went down kind of a path there. I want to back up.

Q. When you first started working as a district sales manager, you said that you were responsible for all the branded pharmaceuticals that Mallinckrodt had; is that right?

Q. During the entire time you worked as a district sales manager, did that situation change? Were you always responsible for every brand pharmaceutical that Mallinckrodt offered?

Q. All right. So as you think about it -- well, when did you stop being a district sales manager at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So from 2010 to 2014, as you think of it, in total, considering the changes through time, about how many different pharmaceuticals did you work with for Mallinckrodt?

Q. What you say "co-promote," what does that mean?

Q. All right. As you think of the products that you promoted, about how many just Mallinckrodt products can you think of?

Q. Okay. So I'm going to show you what we're going to mark as Exhibit 1. And let's go off the record for a second.

Q. This is a little different from most of them. If you can look at the first page, and then as we get into it, I'll explain

Q. -- my understanding of how this all works.

Q. Mallinckrodt has produced various documents in this case, and the first page--and you'll see a couple of forms like that throughout this deposition--is what's called the metadata for this particular document that's backed up to it, and it shows what's called a Bates number at the very top. It says, "BegControl," and next to that, it says, "MNK-Tl," and then underscore, like four zeros, 87768.

Q. So that's the Bates number for this document. And because it's an Excel spreadsheet, it has just one document. And you can see the file -- one Bates number. Other documents will have more than one number.

Q. Then it says, "File Extension xlsx"; do you see that there? So it's a Bates number. So there are other documents that will be from your files. I don't think this one is from your file. I'm going to show it to you just so I can get an understanding, hopefully, of the people that you worked with. My understanding is that the "Date Last Modified" number is the date this particular file was last touched, and the "E-Author" number is the person who initially created the document Do you know someone named Jan Roevekamp?

Q. Who's Jan Roevekamp?

Q. And Ms. Roevekamp is listed as the E-author of this document. Do you know where her work was physically located at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you understand Hazelwood, Missouri, to be the headquarters of Mallinckrodt?

Q. That's near St. Louis; is that right?

Q. So could you look at this document going into it, on the second page of the document, I think the first page of the spreadsheet. And do you see your name in the group at the top? It's second-to-the-last --

Q. So there are various names listed up there and designations.

Q. So you're listed as a district manager there? A Correct.

Q. All right. It says territory is 50600. Do you have an understanding of what that designation meant?

Q. And Mr. McGowan was the regional director for the Northeast region; is that right?

Q. So as you think about him being your boss, what were his responsibilities in relationship to you, as you think of them?

Q. All right. And the other people that are listed here, there are two senior district managers and then is it five district managers; do you see that?

Q. As you think of it around this time, what was the difference between a senior district manager and a district manager at Mallinckrodt?

Q. They didn't have any other responsibilities?

Q. All right. Then as you look at this, above the name "Regional Director: Gavin McGowan" in the blue on this document, it has

Q. And it says "157 011 22 0900." What's your understanding of what that means?

Q. As you go into this document, this 1, on to what I think is the third page of that Excel spreadsheet printout, there's a blue line that says, "District," then a colon, "Ohio"; do you see that there? It says under Page 3?

Q. All right. So can you tell me what that text that appears in that chart means to you?

Q. All right. Then as you look at the chart below there, there are two senior sales specialists and other sales specialists; do you see that?

Q. And for the first two names there, it says, "Senior Sales Specialist." The territory is 50601. It says, "Cleveland East" and then "Steven Sage"; do you see that?

Q. Do you remember Steven Sage?

Q. All right. Was he working at as you left?

Q. Do you know if he still works there?

Q. Do you know where he went to work?

Q. Do you know about what time he left Mallinckrodt?

Q. And the next name down is "Sales Specialist," territory 50602, and it says "Cleveland West" and "Erin Cox," and then in parenthesis, " ."

Q. Do you remember Erin Cox?

Q. Do you know if she still works at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you know where she works now?

Q. Where does she work now?

Q. Do you know when she left Mallinckrodt?

Q. All right. So for Mr. Sage and Ms. Cox, there's -- the area designation says "Cleveland East" and "Cleveland West"; do you see that?

Q. As you think about those two designations, thinking about the Cleveland area, how was the Cleveland area split up between east and west, geographically?

Q. All right. Can you explain that a little bit more?

Q. And then as you think of it, was there like a vertical line drawn through the middle of downtown Cleveland that would separate east and west?

Q. All right. So in the area designation, the Cleveland East and Cleveland West, is that the geographic areas that Mr. Sage and Ms. Cox were responsible for?

Q. All right. You can set this document aside; but if you need to come back to it, based on any questions that I ask, feel free to come back to it throughout the day.

Q. All I ask is that you not write on it --

Q. -- unless you really need to because it creates a separate process we have to deal with.

Q. So I can give you an extra copy if you feel the need to write on it.

Q. If you write on the exhibit, I have to make copies of it and give it to everybody else, just so you know.

Q. Exhibit 2 is a series of documents -- or a series of -- one document that is numerous pages long. It begins at MNK-Tl 0000093355 and goes to 93363. And, Mr. Becker, can you look at what I've marked as Exhibit 2 and tell me if you remember ever seeing it before?

Q. What do you recognize this document to be?

Q. When you use the term "master sales aid," what does that mean to you?

Q. All right. So I want to go through some of the terms. I'm showing this to you now because I think we're going to refer to it a number of times today. You used the word "generally used," that the representatives were allowed to use with the physicians. What did you mean by that?

Q. All right. Do you remember you personally having any input into the content of this document, Exhibit 2?

Q. All right. Do you remember whether this document, Exhibit 2, is in effect the entire time you worked as a district sales manager at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So it may have changed through time; is that fair to say?

Q. All right. So as you look at the second Bates-numbered page on Exhibit 2, it's 3356. On the left-hand side, it says, "Important Risk Information"; do you see that there?

Q. Then there's a box. Do you recognize that -- text in that box as a particular thing?

Q. Have you ever heard the word or the term "black box warning"?

Q. Do you recognize that as a black box warning?

Q. Beyond the Exalgo drug that's mentioned in this Exhibit 2, did you ever work with any other drugs that had a black box warning?

Q. At any time?

Q. What other drugs have you worked with that have a black box warning?

Q. Can you spell that?

Q. Any other drugs?

Q. What is Belbuca?

Q. And did you work with that drug at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Where did you work with that drug?

Q. As you think of Belbuca in the time that you worked with it, was it a Schedule II controlled substance?

Q. Do you remember what, if any, schedule it was on?

Q. All right. As you think of Exalgo, do you remember whether -- when you worked with Exalgo, whether it was a Schedule II or Schedule III or other schedule controlled substance?

Q. Okay. Do you remember, when you started working with Exalgo at Mallinckrodt, whether you received any particular training to understand the meaning of the controlled substance schedules and -- well, did you receive any particular training about the controlled substance schedules?

Q. Okay. Can you tell me what kind of training you received?

Q. Do you remember whether you were instructed to sell or manage the sale of the controlled substance Schedule II drug Exalgo differently from any of the other drugs you sold at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And just so we're clear, you don't remember one way or the other?

Q. Okay. Do you remember whether the salespeople that you managed were instructed to sell Exalgo and any other Schedule II drugs in a manner different from non-Schedule II drugs?

Q. Okay. Do you remember ever hearing of

Q. What's Pennsaid? A It's a topical for osteoarthritis of the knee.

Q. Is Pennsaid an opioid?

Q. All right. Do you remember whether Pennsaid was a controlled substance or contained a contained substance?

Q. Let's move into this Exhibit 2 and talk about this page 3357. And it states, "Exalgo delivers steady blood plasma levels around the clock with a once-daily dose." Do you remember ever hearing that statement or something like it when you worked at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you remember whether you recognize that as a selling point, a benefit to Exalgo?

Q. Why would the delivery of steady blood plasma levels around the clock with a once daily dose be a selling point for Exalgo?

Q. Do you remember ever asking anybody the basis for the statement that "Exalgo delivers steady blood plasma levels around the clock with a once-daily dose"?

Q. Do you remember ever being told what the scientific basis for that statement was?

Q. What was the scientific basis for that statement?

Q. When you say "OROS technology," what is that?

Q. So those were the little laser-cut holes; is that right?

Q. Do you remember ever seeing any particular studies that showed the effect of the technology used in the Exalgo drug as it applied to the opioid that the drug contained?

Q. So let me ask this differently. So you were talking about the technology that the Exalgo drug contained, and the drug also contained opioid. Do you remember whether there were any particular studies examining whether the technology that was in the drug worked properly with the opioid that the drug carried?

Q. All right. Do you remember around what time that was, the FDA approval?

Q. All right. And then that OROS, 0-R-O-S, system is mentioned on the next page, 3358; do you see that there?

Q. And it states that, "OROS technology may provide numerous benefits." That's in the right-hand column; do you see that there?

Q. And it says, "Reduced dosing frequency, Smooth plasma drug concentrations," and "Improved pharmacokinetic profile versus IR formulation at steady state." The term "IR" there, what does that mean in the context of your work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So do you remember whether there was any analysis done of the Exalgo drug, or the OROS drug delivery system, comparing it to other extended-release formulations of opioids?

Q. Do you remember ever being asked whether anyone had compared Exalgo and its benefits to any extended-release opioids?

Q. And then above what I just read there, it says, "Various therapeutic areas have utilized OROS drug delivery system for more than 30 years," and the last one there is "Neuroscience," and is it "Concerta"?

Q. All right. Have you ever had any involvement with the drug Concerta?

Q. Well, have you ever taken it?

Q. All right. Have you ever sold it?

Q. Okay. Is there any other capacity that you've worked with Concerta?

Q. So this is the first time we've raised the term "generics," so let's talk about this for a second. you were district sales manager at Mallinckrodt, what was your responsibility, if any, with regard to generic drugs?

Q. Anything else?

Q. With regard to Mallinckrodt in general, it sold a range of generic drugs, including generic opioids; is that right?

Q. So with regard to those products on sale by Mallinckrodt, did you have any involvement with those products?

Q. At any time did you -- let me ask this question differently. At any time, with regard to the generic opioids that Mallinckrodt made, did you work with the marketing department for the generic opioids to coordinate any efforts?

Q. All right. Do you know who, if anyone, at Mallinckrodt was responsible for the Ohio area with regard to generic opioids?

Q. All right. I may ask you that a couple more times today. And it's not a trick question because I'll be confirming that you said it.

Q. All right. Moving on into this document, two pages forward, 3360, it states, "Treating Chronic Pain is Complicated Enough." And it says, "No CYP450 Drug Interactions With Exalgo May Help Simplify the Process"; do you see that there?

Q. So do you have an understanding of what that term, "CYP450," means?

Q. What does that mean to you?

Q. So do you remember hearing that the Exalgo drug -- lack of CYP450 drug interactions was a benefit to Exalgo?

Q. Okay. Do you remember ever reviewing any scientific data with regard to the CYP450 pathway interaction or noninteraction of Exalgo?

Q. Do you remember in particular any part of the training that related to that issue, the 450 pathway?

Q. All right. So with regard to training as you think of it, the training that you mentioned, what were you referring to when you say "it was part of training"?

Q. So when you started working at Exalgo at Mallinckrodt, did you start working with it as Exalgo went on the market, or did you start working with it after it was on the market already?

Q. And as you were thinking about that time, the prelaunch activity, was that while you were a district sales manager at Mallinckrodt?

Q. All right. So you can set this document aside.

Q. Again, if you need to refer to it at any time, feel free.

Q. Mr. Becker, could you look at Exhibit 3. And while you're looking at it, I'll note for the record that the first page again is a metadata page, and the first Bates stamp page is the second page. It's MNK-Tl-0000095581, and it goes through to 95590. And, Mr. Becker, could you look at this document. When you're ready, tell me what it appears to you to be.

Q. Do you remember ever seeing this document before?

Q. So as you think of it, does this document, Exhibit 3, have text that is there to help the salespeople or something else?

Q. Okay. So can you turn to page 5585 in this document. It's this one here .

Q. And in the upper left-hand corner of 95585, it states, "For Sales Training Purposes Only. Do Not Disseminate"; do you see that there?

Q. In the context of your work at Mallinckrodt, if something was marked with that statement, what would that mean?

Q. And when you say "in the field," that would mean interfacing with doctors?

Q. So this would not necessarily -- let me start over. This whole document itself would not be shown to doctors typically; is that right?

Q. All right. So on this page, 5585, it states, "Establish The Appropriate Exalgo Patient"; do you see that there? And it says -- and this is the left column on 5585. It says, "By reviewing profiles of patients who may benefit from switching to EXALGO and explaining why it works for them, you will help HCPs identify patients they treat who may also benefit from EXALGO. The next logical step is to gain firsthand experience with EXALGO by starting their own patients on it." So do you remember this instruction in the left-hand column of page 5585 being used in the training of the salespeople?

Q. Then on the rest of the page outside the column, there's what appears to be a copy of some other document. As you sit here today, can you remember what document that is, it's a representation of one page of another document?

Q. All right. In the patient profile, there are various numbers and there are corresponding numbers below there Can you tell me what those would be used for?

Q. So, for example, there's a number 1 --

Q. in the picture of the document above, and below, it says, "1 How EXALGO may help patients like Eva," and it says, "When Eva takes her dose on schedule, she has adequate pain relief. But her schedule sometimes keeps her from staying on top of her dosing and her pain jumps to a 7." In the context of your work at Mallinckrodt, the term "pain jumps to a II what would that mean?

Q. Do you remember what the highest number on the pain scale that this is referring to would be?

Q. It continues, "Her dosing schedule requires her to get up in the middle of the night to take her medication. This is where the 24-hour dosing of EXALGO may help. It may make sense to switch Eva from hydrocodone to EXALGO." That term "hydrocodone," do you have an understanding of what that is?

Q. What is hydrocodone?

Q. Is it a generic form of a brand name of an opioid, as you think of it?

Q. What's the brand name of hydrocodone that you think of?

Q. All right. So going on to subsection 3 there -- or the number 3 that appears there, it says, "If Eva tolerates hydrocodone, she may be okay with hydromorphone, too." And the term "hydromorphone," that's the first time we've seen it today. Do you have an understanding of what hydromorphone is?

Q. What's your understanding of the term "hydromorphone"?

Q. As you think of it, were there other brand name drugs with that same molecule hydromorphone?

Q. And I just use the term "molecule." As you think of the term "molecule" in your work at Mallinckrodt, what does that typically mean?

Q. Can you think of other brand names that use a hydromorphone molecule?

Q. What are some that you can think of?

Q. So under 3, it states, "Molecule matching is an important part of the EXALGO story. The graph on the right illustrates that hydromorphone is an active metabolite of hydrocodone." So that term, "hydromorphone is an active metabolite of hydrocodone," do you have an understanding of what that means?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. And it states, "Since Eva was able to tolerate hydrocodone, this may serve as a predictor of her ability to tolerate a hydromorphone medication like EXALGO. This is another reason that switching to EXALGO may make sense for patients like Eva taking hydrocodone." So do you have an understanding of why that statement was in this training piece?

Q. What's your understanding?

Q. With regard to the statement there itself, do you know whether the documents that were given to doctors had similar type of statements comparing the Exalgo to the hydrocodone molecule drugs?

Q. The next page talks about oxymorphone generally in the same manner; is that right?

Q. It's 586.

Q. So do you remember if there were -- if this type of language under the 3 on 586 and the 3 on 585, comparing or contrasting the hydrocodone molecule or the oxymorphone molecule to Exalgo, if those were made in writing to doctors?

Q. All right. Do you remember there ever being a rule to not make those types of statements in writing to doctors?

Q. All right. So, again, you can set this document aside. If you need to come back to it today, feel free.

Q. And as you're looking at Exhibit 4, I'll read into the record that it's marked as MNK-Tl 0002257565 through 566. And, Mr. Becker, when you're ready, could you tell me if you recognize this document?

Q. So this -- well, let me start over. You used e-mail as part of your work at Covidien and Mallinckrodt; is that right?

Q. Did you ever print out one of your e-mails when you worked at Covidien or Mallinckrodt?

Q. When you printed one out, did it look like this, what's -- what the court reporter has marked as Exhibit 4?

Q. Okay. So this e-mail is -- the top one on the first page of Exhibit 4 is from you; is that right?

Q. And it's dated April 13th, 2010; is that right?

Q. As you think of it, looking at this e-mail, is that around the time of the Exalgo launch?

Q. All right. And this e-mail talks about the Exalgo launch preparation kit, right?

Q. Do you remember what -- let me start over. Do you remember in particular what the Exalgo launch preparation kit was?

Q. As you think about the launch preparation kit in the context of your work at Mallinckrodt, Covidien, do you have an understanding of what would be in it?

Q. As you think about a generalized launch preparation kit, who would they go to?

Q. All right. And generally speaking, with the understanding that you don't have a particular memory of the Exalgo launch preparation kit, what would they contain?

Q. All right. With regard to this e-mail, the top e-mail on Exhibit 4, the first page, there are various people listed on it: Mark Browning, Margaret Cadwallader, Craig Capwell, Lindsay Cole, Timothy Dress, Jennifer Leonard, Steven Sage, Joseph Spain, and...

Q. Nugent Tyra?

Q. All right. So with regard to those people, do you recognize them as a particular group of people, or groups of people?

Q. All right. And there's another name there, Jay Meyer; do you see that?

Q. Who is Jay Meyer?

Q. All right. And you state in the e-mail, "I just received and everything you need to be prepared for the meeting is 'in the bag.' Remember - coming prepared WILL help to reduce anxiety so we can stay focused on learning, having fun and ensure you leave the meeting ready to go!" And you say, "Great stuff here. Practice, practice, practice!!!' Let me know how I can help. We are a team!!!" Do you remember having a launch meeting for the Exalgo drug at some point?

Q. Do you remember where it was held?

Q. When you think of a launch meeting for the Exalgo drug, was it a meeting of just the people you supervised or a broader group of people?

Q. All right. I'm going to use a term that we haven't talked about today, "medical affairs." Have you ever heard that term in the context of your work?

Q. What does that term "medical affairs" mean to you?

Q. As you think of the medical affairs and medical science liaison groups that supported Exalgo when you worked at Mallinckrodt and Covidien, was there a particular person or group that supported your geographic area?

Q. As you think about your sales and marketing group, did you have a regular communication with the medical affairs team at Mallinckrodt that supported Exalgo?

Q. When, if ever, would someone from your group contact someone from medical affairs with regard to Exalgo?

Q. When you say "behind the scenes," what do you mean?

Q. So is it fair to say if you, or one of the salespeople, got a request that you passed on to the medical science liaisons or the medical affairs department, you would not be further involved in resolving the issue that was raised by the doctor, typically; is that right?

Q. All right. On this e-mail, Exhibit 4, it has your name down at the bottom and then your address, and it states it's Hazelwood, Missouri; do you see that there?

Q. Well, why is there an address in Hazelwood, Missouri, listed there?

Q. You didn't work out of Missouri; is that right?

Q. All right. You can set this document aside.

Q. Mr. Becker, could you look generally through what the court reporter has marked as Exhibit 5. And as you're looking through it, I'll read into the record. It's noted as MNK-Tl 0001518290, and it goes on to the next page, 8291. And when you're ready, could you tell me what this appears to you to be.

Q. All right. What does this document appear to you to be?

Q. In the first e-mail in time, which is the last one that appears on the second page, is from a person named Valerie Davies. Have you ever met a person named Valerie Davies?

Q. Do you know if she still works at Mallinckrodt?

Q. When did you meet Ms. Davies?

Q. It was in the course of your work at Mallinckrodt; is that right?

Q. And she, Ms. Davies, writes to Denise Davies; is that right?

Q. Do you know if they're related, Valerie and Denise Davies?

Q. She writes, "Denise, Two physicians of mine have shared some success stories with me in the past few days." Then she writes two paragraphs. And those are the success stories that you were talking about?

Q. And, as you said, this gets forwarded through the corporation. And the last e-mail in time, the first one that appears there, you write to the salespeople that report to you, "Fantastic Stories Here"; do you see that?

Q. So this is about -- these e-mails are dated June 29th and June 30th, 2010, right?

Q. So this is about a month and a half after the last Exhibit 4, with the -- with the launch preparation ki

Q. Okay. With regard to this success story, were salespeople encouraged to send stories like this to their district sales managers?

Q. All right. With regard to, I guess, the opposite of this, the failure story, were salespeople encouraged to send stories like that to their district sales manager?

Q. So in the course of your work at Mallinckrodt overall, from starting in 2001 to the time you left, have you ever heard the term "call notes"?

Q. What does that term mean to you? A Call notes means to me that after a sales representative would leave an interaction with an office, they would record what they thought were key takeaways or information from that interaction.

Q. When you were trained as a salesperson for Mallinckrodt in the early 2000s, were you trained to record written or electronic call notes after every sales meeting with a doctor or prescriber?

Q. And as you think of that system that you just mentioned, was that on a laptop computer or something?

Q. So at some point did the ability to log call notes change?

Q. Do you remember about what time that was?

Q. All right. When you started working as a district sales manager, do you remember whether the ability to log call notes was still there?

Q. But you don't have a particular time frame memory as to when that process changed and you couldn't put particular call notes in; is that right?

Q. Around this time, 2010, do you remember whether you could -- let me start over. Around this time, 2010, do you remember whether there was still a policy that salespeople should take detailed call notes after interactions with prescribers?

Q. All right.

Q. Okay. A It wasn't mandatory that call notes were entered; the system had that capability. I don't believe, going into that late of a time period, that we had the ability to do that at that point. I don't remember, but I don't believe so.

Q. So the call notes were optional, as you think of them, but then at some point the ability to log call notes was removed?

Q. Do you have an understanding as to why the ability to log call notes was removed?

Q. All right. You can set that document aside.

Q. Mr. Becker, thanks for coming back. Do you understand you're still under oath?

Q. Mr. Becker, could you look at what the court reporter has marked as Exhibit 6. And as you're looking at it, I will read into the record, the Bates number is MNK-Tl 0003035706 -- you know what, Mr. Becker? There are some pages missing from this, and I'm not sure what they are. Because the second page is 5709. So I'm just going to ask you about this page 5709.

Q. And I'll ask you, first of all, do you recognize this one-page document, 5709?

Q. Okay. In the context of your work at Mallinckrodt, do you remember ever hearing something referred to as an annual plan of action?

Q. Okay. Do you remember the format or the processes by which a plan of action would be recorded?

Q. So this one page --

Q. This page says, "Central Region FY'11 Plan of Action Territory number 20302." It says, "District Manager: Kevin Becker." And it says, "How is your overall strategy different from FY '10?" Do you remember having a discussion with anyone about changes in your overall strategy from fiscal year '10 to fiscal year '11?

Q. Okay. And then the next one there says, "How do you plan on increasing stocking for Exalgo this fiscal year?" And the next thing underneath there, it says, "I will continue to work with the office staff to contact the local pharmacies to ensure Exalgo stocking for my territory. This has been a successful tactic in the past." So with the understanding that you don't have a particular memory of this document, do you have a general memory of your and your group's responsibilities with regard to pharmacies for the drugs that you were responsible for?

Q. Can you tell me about them generally?

Q. As you think of it, was there a particular way that you or the people you worked for were directed to determine which pharmacies to target as potentials for contacting?

Q. Okay. With regard to Exalgo in particular, I think we had talked about this before, Exalgo is a Schedule II drug; is that right?

Q. Do you remember there being particular processes in place at Mallinckrodt for Exalgo when you contacted pharmacies that were different from non-Schedule II drugs?

Q. So you don't remember anyone at Mallinckrodt instructing you to take diffe/ent steps when contacting pharmacies about Schedule II drugs than with regard to other drugs?

Q. All right. All right. You can set this document aside.

Q. Mr. Becker, could you look at Exhibit 7, and while you're looking at it, I'll read in the record. It's MNK-T1 0005033213 through 3214. And when you're ready, can you tell me whether you recognize this document.

Q. Do you remember this document?

Q. So looking at the second page, which is the first e-mail in time, I think we had talked about Mr. McGowan, Gavin McGowan?

Q. And he was your boss; is that right?

Q. Okay. As you think of this time, December 2010, what was Mr. McGowan's role relative to you?

Q. Okay. And underneath his e-mail signature line, it states, "Gavin J. McGowan, Eastern Regional Sales Director"; is that right?

Q. And on December 22nd, 2010, he wrote, "Team, One critical metric to our success with Pennsaid and Exalgo is our number of prescribers. We seem to be doing a good job getting them on board, but not doing as well with keeping them in our franchise. Can you each provide me with 4 of 5 bulleted ideas of why you think this may be happening? I will complete a list of bullets to provide to Ron. He has asked for this feedback no later than January 6th." In the context of this document, do you identify the person Ron as Ron Wickline?

Q. And going back to the first e-mail on this page, the last one in time, is an e-mail from you to Jay Meyer, and you're putting forth those four points; is that right?

Q. And this is in response to Mr. McGowan's request; is that right?

Q. All right. And you write, "1. Exalgo - doctors are not dosing/titrating" --

Q. -- "correctly." What does that word "titrating" mean?

Q. Okay. "Some doctors think the conversion is too low. Patients start to experience what they describe as 'side effects' when really it is withdrawal and ask to be taken off the medication." And then you write, "Doctors get frustrated and discontinue prescribing." Do you have a -- thinking back to 2010, do you remember that being your perception in 2010, what you wrote there under number 1?

Q. So when you wrote "Doctors are not dosing/titrating correctly," what does that mean in the context of your work?

Q. So with regard to the "titrating" word that you used there, as you think about your time working with Exalgo, was there a titrating schedule that you were aware of that was recommended by Mallinckrodt or Covidien?

Q. And just so I have this understanding, the let me start over. The titrating schedule is something that is not patient specific, as you think of it?

Q. And that's a conversion issue that you were talking about in this e-mail; is that right?

Q. Do you remember there being a conversion guide written by or published by Mallinckrodt or Covidien about Exalgo?

Q. All right. Do you remember if at any point this issue that you raise here about dosing and titrating, converting patients, was addressed by Mallinckrodt above your level?

Q. Okay. So with regard to the -- as you think of the Exalgo drug, that drug was used for chronic pain; is that right?

Q. So with regard to titrating and chronic pain, as you think about your work, what is the relationship between titrating and long-term use of opioids, if any?

Q. Sure. As you think about it -- I'm going to ask it a little bit differently.

Q. As you think about it, with regard to chronic pain, was it typical that a patient would be expected to take more of a drug over time, a higher dose?

Q. How about --

Q. Mm-hmm. How about as it relates to Exalgo?

Q. And is it your understanding that there was a titrating schedule laid out for Exalgo that would generally dictate the amount a dosage should increase over time?

Q. I get it.

Q. So the titrating that you're talking about here relates solely to when people are converting to Exalgo?

Q. But the initiation that you're talking about is with regard to converting from another opioid, or is it any initiation?

Q. All right. So the next number down, 2., Pennsaid, you write, "Pennsaid - I have heard this a ton: 'Pennsaid is a great product but I stopped using it because I get too much pushback from insurance companies.'" Then you write, "Ties up their people with prior Auths and no guarantees it will get approved." And that "prior Auths" is prior authorizations; is that right?

Q. Do you remember that being an issue you discussed with people around this time, 2011, that prior authorizations for Pennsaid were an issue?

Q. Do you remember why insurance companies were requiring prior authorizations for Pennsaid prescriptions?

Q. And number 3., you write, "For both products - physicians get frustrated early on with coverage and decide to wait until coverage improves before writing again." And the coverage that you refer to there is, as you said before, insurance company coverage; is that right?

Q. And then number 4., you write, "Pennsaid - Scripts are given out with samples. Many scripts are not even making it to the pharmacy to get filled because doctors are telling patients to use the samples PRN, not as indicated." What does that term "PRN" mean there in the context of your work?

Q. So the doctors are telling people to use the painkiller Pennsaid as needed, and you write "not as indicated." What does that mean?

Q. All right. You can set this document aside.

Q. Mr. Becker, could you look at what's been marked Exhibit 8. While you're looking at it, I'll read in the record. It's noted as MNK-Tl 0005654133 through 135. when you're ready, could you tell me what this appears to you to be.

Q. So the first few e-mails in time, the e-mails that appear on page 2 and 3 of this Exhibit 8, what do you recognize those to be? A I recognize this to be an exchange of information from the national account director on what Exalgo's coverage is on a specific plan. In this situation, it would be Medco, a Medicare Part D plan.

Q. And that's the person you're referring to is William Hillmer; is that right?

Q. Do you know Mr. Hillmer?

Q. When was the last time you worked with him?

Q. Okay. And he writes about coverage on the Medco Medicare Part D plan, and then you forward his e-mail to the people who report to you; is that right?

Q. As well as Jay Meyer and back to. Hillmer; is that right?

Q. And you write, "Team Ohio, Great opportunity here for Medco Medicare. While the total number of lives in Ohio is roughly 11,000, targeting and messaging around those targets is key. Have discussions with the staff as well as the practitioner to identify appropriate patients within the Medco Medicare population should be your focus." And you continue on there. The second sentence that you write there, "While the total number of lives in Ohio is roughly 11,000, targeting and messaging around those targets is key," what did you mean by that?

Q. So with regard to the -- you use that term "total number of lives." What does that mean?

Q. Got it. Now, as you sit here today and remember around this time--and your e-mail here is dated January 15, 2011--would there be a way for Mallinckrodt or Covidien to identify the beneficiaries of the Medco Medicare Part D plan?

Q. Okay. Can you explain to me your perception of how Mallinckrodt would get that type of information?

Q. All right. So moving up in time for this e-mail, Mr. Meyer -- Jay Meyer writes back to you, "11,000? Nice." And you write back to him on the same -- you write back to him on the 16th and -- he writes to you on the 16th. You write back to him on the 16th, "Could have been negative 11,000."

Q. Do you know what you meant by that?

Q. All right. All right. You can set that document aside.

Q. Mr. Becker, could you look at what's been marked as Exhibit 9. As you're looking at it, I'll read into the record the numbers MNK-Tl 0004274676 through 4678. When you're ready, can you tell me what that appears to you to be.

Q. All right. And I just want to note, it's my intention to show you things in chronological order, and somehow I did not chronologize this one correctly.

Q. So this is an e-mail from February 2013; is that right? The first -- or the last e-mail in time in this is an e-mail from February 2013; is that right?

Q. All right. And the second-to-last e-mail in time is from you; do you see that there, on February 1st, 2013, at 8:43 a.m.?

Q. You write, "I need to know ASAP who wants free trial starter kits. Since we get credit for all free trial scripts we must work with our customers to use them. It's a free trial," and then in all caps, you put, "AND WE GET CREDIT." And then you write, "If you want them, I need you to ensure they are used. Gavin's expectation is that we will take FULL advantage of this program. If we get all free trial scripts redeemed this quarter, it will increase our scripts by 10 percent. WOW. Who can I count on to get these redeemed? Great opportunity here. Kevin." So as you think of it, what is this e-mail talking about?

Q. So when you say you had so many available, you mean you had a limited number available; is that right?

Q. So do you remember, in general, there being such a thing as a Exalgo free trial starter kit?

Q. Can you tell me about it just in general what you remember?

Q. And with regard to Schedule II drugs, the physicians and any prescriber can't give free samples; is that right?

Q. So with regard to this issue, is this similar to -- or as close as they can get to having free samples; is that fair to say?

Q. What was the intent, as you think about it?

Q. How does that differ from the free sample concept?

Q. As you think of it, one of the benefits of the free trial starter kits that are talked about in this Exhibit 9 is to have the first prescription be separate from any insurance issues; is that right?

Q. Now, do you have a memory, with regard to the free trial starter kits, whether it was a -- let me start over. Do you have memory, with regard to the free trial starter kits, of the term of the prescription or the term of the number of pills that were in the free trial starter kit?

Q. Do you remember if it would be a matter of two or three days or weeks or a month or something else?

Q. And that would the typical prescription size that a prescriber would be writing around this time as well; is that fair to say?

Q. All right. You can set this document aside.

Q. Oh, and just on that Exhibit 9, before we move off of it, do you remember whether, beyond this situation in early February 2013, there were other times when Mallinckrodt or Covidien offered these free trial starter kits for Exalgo?

Q. Okay. So Exhibit 10, could you look through it, and as you're looking through it, I'll read in the record. It's MNK-Tl 00056554022 through 23. And when you're ready, can you tell me what this appears to you to be.

Q. All right. What is this document, Exhibit 10?

Q. Do you remember this Dr. Hale, who that is?

Q. Who is the Dr. Hale that's referred to in this e-mail, Exhibit 10?

Q. Did you ever meet Dr. Hale in person?

Q. As you think about the post-approval and post-availability time frame of Exalgo, was Dr. Hale a prescriber of Exalgo?

Q. Do you know where he was from?

Q. Do you remember, with regard to Dr. Hale, whether he would have been paid to travel to the Cincinnati-Dayton area to attend this dinner?

Q. Do you know how much he was paid? A We didn't have access to any of that information.

Q. Who would have had access to that information?

Q. So earlier today, we talked about the term "key opinion leader." As you think of Dr. Hale, was he a key opinion leader with regard to Exalgo?

Q. And you had worked in a prior job at Mallinckrodt identifying key opinion leaders for other drugs; is that right?

Q. Did you ever meet Dr. Hale when you worked in that prior job?

Q. So you write an e-mail on February 4th, 2011, to Lindsay Cole, Margaret Cadwallader, Matthew Hook, and Mark Browning. And then three days later, on the 7th, Margaret Cadwallader writes back to you, "hoping to get my big players there working on Jen" -- I think that's " ," and it says, "she is still nervous about exalgo but writes tons of oer. same with tracy," and it says " ." In the context of this document, do you have an understanding of what the term "OER" means?

Q. All right. And then " ," do you have an understanding of what that means?

Q. And Tracy, do you remember her being Dr. Gupta's other physician assistant?

Q. Who is Dr. Gupta?

Q. Do you know if he's still practicing?

Q. All right. So going up further in time, the last e-mail in time, the first one at the top of the page, you write back to Ms. Cadwallader, "I would mail an invitation to every narcotic writer in your territory. Ones you have no access to or are not calling on. Oxy writers, Opana ER writers, et cetera." So you use that term "Oxy" and "Opana ER" there. What are those two terms?

Q. Go ahead. You can answer.

Q. All right.

Q. Do you remember around this time whether the Exalgo drug was seen as a competitor to Opana ER and OxyContin?

Q. Do you have a particular memory--going back to 2011 with the understanding that it's, what, eight years ago, about--of this dinner with Mr. Hale in the Cincinnati-Dayton area?

Q. All right. You can set that document aside.

Q. Mr. Becker, could you look at Exhibit 11, which is a two-page document. As you're looking at it, I'll read in the record the Bates numbers. It's MNK-Tl 0005032989 through 2990. when you're ready, could you tell me what this document appears to you to be?

Q. So the first e-mail in time in this Exhibit Number 11 is from November 2010, and it's a Carol Moore. Do you know who Carol Moore is?

Q. She writes, "Hello all, Thanks to the FAC team and their recommendations, we have developed a comprehensive sales aid leave behind which you will be receiving in your autoshipment later this week. You will be receiving 2 packs of 25 Sales aid leave behinds. We've added a new message to this piece: Patients that tolerate hydrocodone may be able to tolerate hydromorphone since hydromorphone is an active metabolite of hydrocodone. We are hoping this new piece will help you deliver an impactful and effective EXALGO sales message." Do you see that there?

Q. And that toleration of hydromorphone and hydrocodone is something we've talked about earlier with regard to -- I think it's Exhibit 3; is that right? If you can pick up Exhibit 3 and look at page 9585.

Q. Is that the same type of toleration that Ms. Moore is talking about there?

Q. All right. And going further on in time, moving up the first page of this document, Exhibit Number 11, you write to Ms. Moore, "Hey Carol - do you have the pharmacy locator number handy?" In the context of your work, what is the pharmacy locator number that you're referring to there?"

Q. So is it fair to say you or the patient could call that number and find a pharmacy that had Exalgo in stock?

Q. All right. You can set that document aside.

Q. Exhibit 12 is a two-page document, and can you read through it, and as you're reading through it, I'll read in the record the Bates numbers, MNK-Tl 0001503911 through 912. And when you're ready, could you tell me what this appears to you to be.

Q. Who is Michael Wessler?

Q. When you say "part of the marketing team," in relationship to your part of the marketing team, what would Mr. is it Mr. Wessler -- what would his responsibilities be?

Q. All right. Have you ever met Mr. Wessler?

Q. As you think of Mr. Wessler, where physically did he work?

Q. So I'm going to read what he writes into the record, so it's going to take a little bit time. He writes on April 5th, 2011, "Dear field sales team, Later today the Journal of American Medical Association will publish an article entitled 'Association Between Prescribing Patterns and Opioid Overdose-Related Deaths,' a study conducted between 2004-2008 in the Veterans Health Administration setting." Then in bold, "The press release is attached for your awareness only; you should not provide this to physicians, nor should you use it in proactive outreach." Back to regular text, "If you are approached by a physician regarding this article, use the opportunity to discuss the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance, utilizing the binder and guidance provided to you at the recent sales meeting. Specific response points should follow this path." Then some bullets there in bold. The first one is, "Yes, I'm aware of the article. Covidien strongly supports the need for appropriate screening, prescribing and use of all opioid medications." The next bullet is, "Because of that need, we recently launched the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance. This initiative provides a number of tools and programs to aid physicians, pharmacists, patients and other stakeholders." And then the third one is, "Among items available at www.caresalliance.org are urine drug screening guide, a patient-prescriber expectations and responsibilities form, and a number of patient assessment tools." Then back to the regular text, it states, "If the doctor is willing to talk about C.A.R.E.S. Alliance with you at that point, proceed based on previous guidance. If the clinician persists in wanting to discuss the article, respond as follows," and then in bold, "I understand your interest, though I'm unable to discuss it further with you. Our Medical Information group is best suited to talk with you. I'm happy to send your inquiry to them for follow-up." And then in regular text, "You would then follow your normal process for forwarding such a request to the Medical Information team. If you have additional questions, please contact your manager." And then he writes, "Let me know if you have any questions. Thank you very much. Mike." With regard to this e-mail from Mr. Wessler, do you have a particular memory of receiving this e-mail?

Q. As you think back to 2011, do you remember hearing about or reading this article that's related here, "Association Between Prescribing Patterns and Opioid Overdose-Related Deaths"?

Q. Are you familiar with what that is?

Q. What's your memory of the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance?

Q. Around this time, April 2011, do you remember ever talking to anyone who worked at the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance?

Q. Do you remember ever hearing that Covidien or Mallinckrodt partially or fully funded the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance?

Q. Okay. Do you remember anyone in particular who worked at the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance, their name?

Q. Who's Art Morelli?

Q. Can you think anybody else?

Q. As you think about the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance, do you recognize it as being headquartered in Missouri or someplace else?

Q. So then the e-mail from Michael Wessler on the second page of this exhibit talks about the medical information group; do you see that there?

Q. Is that similar to the medical affairs group that we were talking about earlier?

Q. And I think I had introduced the term "medical affairs." Looking at this, is your memory that the -- Covidien and Mallinckrodt referred to it as medical information group?

Q. All right. Then you write back to Mr. Wessler, "So high doses used as needed or at regularly scheduled times is not associated with overdose deaths. Correct?" And he writes back, "No. Call me when you have time tomorrow and we can go over." Do you remember having a conversation with Mr. Wessler in April 2011 about this JAMA article, "Association Between Prescribing Patterns and Opioid Overdose-Related Deaths"?

Q. All right. You can set that document aside.

Q. Before we move on to the next document, I know in the context of the deposition today, just about everything I'm going to ask you is about opioids, and I want to make sure that -- through time, I continue to get the understanding that in your work as

Q. As you think about this time, April 2011, about how many drugs total at or Mallinckrodt were you responsible for in your role as a district sales manager?

Q. All right.

Q. We have been talking mostly about 2010 and 2011. And before we get into this Exhibit 13, going further on in the area we were talking about being responsible for around four drugs or so, as you think about the place of Exalgo in that roster of drugs, can you say whether Exalgo took up about 25 percent of your time or more or less, as you think about it, around this time, 2011?

Q. Would you say more than half of your time was spent on Exalgo?

Q. All right. So Exhibit 13 is Bates number MNK-Tl 0004808441 through 8444. And could you look at this document, just generally, and when you are ready, let me know again what this appears to you to be?

Q. The first e-mail in time, which appears on the third and fourth pages of this document, 443 and 444, is from Ronald Wickline; do you see that there?

Q. And the title of his e-mail is--I still use the term pound sign, other people use hashtag--"MKG - Pharma Field Sales." And --

Q. So rather than reading all this in, as you think of what is he conveying in this e-mail?

Q. Mm-hmm.

Q. All right. And the last paragraph -- the second-to-last paragraph in his e-mail says, "Given our overall performance that did not meet the sales forecast for either EXALGO or PENNSAID I hope that you will agree that it's now our turn to step up to the plate. We have new sales tools, we have more contracts with more on the way" -- I'm sorry, "new contracts with more on the way and the EXALGO team just launched their new co-pay card today! With the recent revised incentive compensation plan in place, NOW is the time to demonstrate our value to the organization." Do you see that there?

Q. He uses that term "co-pay card." What's your understanding of what a co-pay card is?

Q. All right. Do you remember there being a co-pay card for Exalgo?

Q. All right. Then moving on in time, there's a long e-mail from a person named Connie Kisinger; do you see that there?

Q. And it says -- it's pointed toward the western region sales team?

Q. But did you receive this document or not?

Q. Do you remember receiving this particular e-mail updating the incentive compensation plan for Exalgo and Pennsaid?

Q. All right. Do you remember the compensation plan for Exalgo and Pennsaid changing around this time, June 2011?

Q. As you think about your own work around this time, 2011, were you -- let me start over. As you think about your own work this time, June 2011, did you participate in the compensation plan that's discussed in this Exhibit 13?

Q. As you think about it, generally speaking, how was your compensation plan different from the sales reps'?

Q. So is it fair to say your compensation would be based on the performance of the entire territory and not just on the performance of one or more sales reps?

Q. So your compensation would be based on the entire territory; is that right?

Q. All right. You can set that document aside.

Q. Mr. Becker, could you look at Exhibit 14, which is a multipage document. And while you're looking at it, I'll note for the record, it's MNK-Tl 0002821081 through 1094. And when you're ready, could you tell me what this appears to you to be.

Q. So the first page is an e-mail from Diane Brendel. Do you remember Diane Brendel?

Q. Who's Diane Brendel?

Q. And she sent to Ron Wickline?

Q. And what's attached is entitled "The FORCE Updates For the Specialty Pharmaceutical Sales Team," and it's dated August '11, Issue 5.

Q. Do you remember receiving this particular publication at any time?

Q. All right. And the -- sorry.

Q. So on page 87 --

Q. -- which is page 6 of the document, there's a couple paragraphs that are entitled "Tips & Techniques: IMS Data"; do you see that there?

Q. And they're by, I think, Gerick Grozdanich; do you see that there?

Q. Do you know Mr. Grozdanich?

Q. Okay. He writes, "I feel the three" -- it's called, "Tips & Techniques: IMS Data." And it says, "I feel the three key areas of IMS are: "1. 'New users and lapsed writers' When a prescriber has written a first script it is very important to follow ASAP. Conversely, if a writer is falling off in prescribing habits, a rep needs to follow up and see if that trend can be turned around. "2. 'Prescriber specific level data' - Before conducting a lunch presentation it is very important to review the prescribers writing habits and what plans are most important for their office." And then "3. 'Managed Care Analysis' - With all the new coverage for our products this tool lets you target the new formulary wins effectively. I like to run reports for both products then copy and paste them into the same spread sheet for easier review. "I also use IMS in the field on my iPhone. That way I am sitting in a waiting room and I am able to review sales data." So you said you don't remember ever meeting Mr. Grozdanich; right?

Q. Okay. Do you know if this particular issue of "The Force" newsletter relates to a particular meeting or something that took place around this time?

Q. And that -- oh, go ahead. Sorry.

Q. So when you use that word "top," is that the people who sold the most or some other statistic you can think of?

Q. All right. And is anyone from your group, either you or the people you managed, in this President's Club standings as of July 2011?

Q. All right. You can set this document aside.

Q. As you think of it, what was the benefit of being in the President's Club at Covidien or Mallinckrodt?

Q. Was there any financial compensation?

Q. And could you look at Exhibit 15, and as you're reading it, I'll read in the record the Bates numbers, a two-page document. It's MNK-Tl 0001034586 through 87. And when you're ready, Mr. Becker, could you tell me what this appears to you to be.

Q. All right. So this is an e-mail from Mr. Hillmer; is that right?

Q. And the subject is "Ohio Medicaid"?

Q. As you sit and read this today, what is Mr. Hillmer trying to convey about Ohio Medicaid?

Q. Okay. He uses that term "PDL"; do you see that there?

Q. Do you have an understanding of what the acronym PDL stands for?

Q. What does it stand for?

Q. Do you remember this issue coming up about whether Exalgo was going to be on the Ohio Medicaid preferred drug list?

Q. I'm sorry. It would have or would not?

Q. Why not?

Q. All right. So he writes a couple paragraphs there, and in the third paragraph, he says, "I want to thank everyone on the team for their hard work on this project. Kevin - thank you for all of your efforts and direction around the physician letter writing campaign." Do you remember around this time, September 2011 or before then, being in charge of a letter-writing campaign for physicians about the Ohio Medicaid PDL and Exalgo?

Q. Do you think that you would have been involved in such a campaign?

Q. Do you remember how many, if any, physicians wrote the letters in support of getting Exalgo on the Ohio Medicaid PDL around this time?

Q. All right. You can set this document aside.

Q. Mr. Becker, could you look at Exhibit 16. And as you're reading through it, I'll note the Bates numbers are MNK-T1 0005642550 through 2551. And when you're ready, could you tell me what this appears to you to be.

Q. All right. When you look at Exhibit 16, what does that appear to you to be?

Q. All right. So the first e-mail in time, the bottom one on the first page, you write to Jay Meyer, "Jay, It appears that as of November 22nd, 2011, Dr. Griffin lost his license. He is the districts 10th largest prescriber and Matt's number 2 writer of Exalgo." And you write, "Crap." So do you remember a Dr. Griffin who had his license taken away by the state medical board in November 2011?

Q. What do you remember about Dr. Griffin?

Q. Do you remember why Dr. Griffin lost his license?

Q. Did you ever hear whether Dr. Griffin lost his license because of the allegations of improper prescription of opioid drugs?

Q. All right. Do you remember ever asking the person you referred to as Matt about why Dr. Griffin lost his license?

Q. All right. Do you remember whether Matt ever commented to you, before November 22nd, 2011, any concerns about Dr. Griffin's prescription-writing patterns?

Q. So in response to your e-mail, Mr. Meyer writes back, and adds Ron Wickline, "Cops. We'll figure something out." And then Mr. Wickline writes back to Mr. Meyer, "Ohio is really getting hit. Perhaps a program sponsored by Medical Affairs would be appropriate?" And then I think it's -- Mr. Meyer sends that e-mail to you and says, "Have to look into this now." And you write back to Mr. Meyer at the top of Exhibit 16, "It is on my agenda for our January 4th meeting. I will speak to Art as to how we can structure this meeting. It will be better if Exalgo was a minimal/no part as if the participants perceive it to be

Q. All right. And then you say, "how we can structure this meeting." Do you have an understanding of the meeting that you were referring to, or the type of meeting you were referring to?

Q. What did you mean by that?

Q. All right. And then you say in the next sentence, "It would be better if Exalgo was a minimal/no part as if the participants perceive it to be a speaker program we will get minimal attendance." What did you mean by that?

Q. Okay. And Mr. Wickline proposes about halfway down the page, "Perhaps a program sponsored by Medical Affairs would be appropriate?" Do you think that's why?

Q. Beyond the Ohio Workers' Comp P&T committee, the first e-mail in time on this document, Exhibit 16, talks about Dr. Griffin losing his license; is that right?

Q. And that's not related to the workers' comp situation; is that right?

Q. All right. And Mr. Wickline writes on December 12th, at 8:07 a.m., he writes, "Ohio is really getting hit." Do you think that relates to the workers' comp situation?

Q. As you think around this time, December 2011, were all opioids taken off the workers' comp preferred list?

Q. All right. Any other ones that you can think of at that time?

Q. Do you have an understanding of why Exalgo was removed from the workers' comp preferred list?

Q. Okay. All right. You can set that aside.

Q. Mr. Becker, thanks for coming back. You understand you're still under oath?

Q. Okay. The court reporter will hand you what we'll mark as Exhibit 17.

Q. Mr. Becker, you can look through the whole exhibit generally if you'd like, and I'll point out the pages that I'm going to ask you about. But for the record, Exhibit 17 is Bates stamped MNK-Tl 0003034376, and it's the family of documents that was identified in the production. After that, they go to 34403. me ask you a couple questions about the first page. This first page, do you see it as an e-mail that you send to a person named Brad Albus?

Q. Who's Mr. Albus? A He's had different roles, but he was a sales representative, and then he was manager of training.

Q. When you say "manager of training," what is that?

Q. This document, the first page of Exhibit 17, page 4376 has your e-mail at Covidien; is that right?

Q. And it's Kevin.Becker@Covidien.com?

Q. You send this e-mail to Mr. Albus and Jay Meyer, who we've talked about before, and then a person named Steven Patterson. Do you remember Mr. Patterson?

Q. Who is Steven Patterson?

Q. Okay. And the subject of this e-mail is "Updated IMS Presentation"; do you see that there?

Q. And then there are attachments, and it's -- suffix for the attachments is a zip, and it's Manager -- "Managers Meeting IMS Workshop March 2012," and that e-mail is sent on March 18th, 2012. Do you remember being involved in a IMS workshop in March of 2012?

Q. Okay. So when you turn to the third page of the exhibit, it says, "SP2.0" at the top; do you see that there?

Q. And I'll note for the record that document 377, it was produced in native format, and it is reproduced here. I think it's a PowerPoint presentation. So after the third page of this exhibit, there are numerous pages without Bates numbers. My understanding is, it's a printout of a PowerPoint exhibit that was attached in the zip file folder to that e-mail.

Q. So as you look at this third page of Exhibit 17, Mr. Becker, do you remember having a manager's meeting in March 2012?

Q. For this third page, says "IMS Dashboard 2.0," "Steve Patterson" and "Kevin Becker"?

Q. Do you remember when you were at Covidien and Mallinckrodt being trained on or having an understanding of something that's referred to as IMS Dashboard 2.0?

Q. And as you think back to March 2012, did you have the responsibility to train others in the IMS dashboard?

Q. So when you say "facilitate a workshop," what do you mean?

Q. Okay. When you think about that term "managers meeting" on the third page there, would that be other district sales managers?

Q. Okay. Then down at the bottom of this page, it says, "Mallinckrodt and Covidien." As you think about this time, March 2012, is this when Covidien and Mallinckrodt were, for lack of a better term, getting back together?

Q. So you turn next into this page, it has the word "Agenda," and it's going to be a little cumbersome because, as I said, there is no page numbers for this presentation, but I'll do my best to identify them. But the following page is "Agenda," and there are some issues there I wanted to ask you just generally, as we've been doing, your understanding of these terms, right?

Q. So there's -- at the top, it says, "Scorecard," and then two down from there, it says, "XPT file." Do you know what that stands for?

Q. All right. And then the next -- or on the next column over, the right-hand column, it states, "Prescriber Ranking"; do you see that there?

Q. Do you remember working with prescriber rankings in the IMS systems when you were at Mallinckrodt and Covidien?

Q. All right. What's your understanding of that term "prescriber ranking"?

Q. All right. Then down, next to number 4 it states, "Prescriber Watcher." What's your understanding as to what that is?

Q. Okay. So let's move on to the next full set of pages. It's the one that looks like this . It says " OHIO DISTRICT SCORECARD" at the top?

Q. And then at the very top it states, "Oracle BI Interactive Dashboards," and then "Windows Internet Explorer"; do you see that there?

Q. Okay. So do you remember using this IMS-based dashboard as part of your work at Covidien and Mallinckrodt?

Q. So let's go through this page to start with.

Q. It says, "Portfolio Weekly Sales Trend," and "Rolling 13 Weeks"; do you see that there?

Q. What does "Portfolio Weekly Sales Trend" mean?

Q. All right. Holding on to this page, but looking at the first page of this document, the e-mail that this is attached to is March 18th, and the last set of data and time is February 24th. Do you remember there being about a, what is it, four-week or less lag time between the data from the IMS system appearing in your dashboard?

Q. About how long of a lag would there be between the -- for the IMS data to show up in

Q. All right. So this states, "waTRx"; do you see that there?

Q. What does that term "waTRx" mean?

Q. All right. So going down further, it says, "waTRx Goal Attainment," and then there's, like, a pressure monitor or some type of--I don't know--dial chart?

Q. Do you see those there?

Q. And above "Exalgo," it says, "88.30, and above "Pennsaid," it says "81.67"?

Q. What do those mean, as you understand those charts?

Q. With regard to the context of this particular page, can you tell whether that's

Q. Okay. So going to the next page, and again, they are not numbered.

Q. But at the top -- about a third of the way down, it states, "XPT Weekly Sales Trends"; do you see that there? A I do.

Q. And on the right-hand side, it says, "Welcome, KEVIN BECKER."

Q. So does that indicate to you that this would have been performed on your login to this system?

Q. So this page states, "XPT Weekly Sales Trends," has various data on it, first starting in "Position Level" column and then "Position" and then "Employee"; do you --

Q. -- see those there?

Q. What are those columns?

Q. Okay. And then below "Position Level" and then "Territory" in the left-hand column, it says, "District Total," and there's a line that has the various sums of the columns there; do you see that?

Q. And below there is a district -- it says, "District," and it has "Detroit, Ohio, Dallas, Chicago, St. Louis, Houston"; do you see that?

Q. What are those?

Q. All right. So as you look at the far right-hand column, the totals, that Ohio district is higher than all of the other districts; is that right?

Q. And do you have an understanding of what the time period is that's reflected in this?

Q. What is the time period?

Q. All right. So as you look at this page, in this Exhibit 17, do you have an understanding of whether you, on your sign-in under "Kevin Becker," could have looked at the various territories inside the other districts that are listed there?

Q. You don't remember whether you had permission to do that or not?

Q. And when -- I mean, when I say "permission," and when I think you say "permission," we're talking about, like, rules that are baked into a computer, not just like permissions in a rule book somewhere?

Q. All right. So going one, two, three -- I think it's three pages ahead, to the page below

Q. -- this one that says the top page says, "Weekly Sales & PDE Trends by District," and the page I want to look at says, "Monthly Rx Analysis"; do you see that there?

Q. All right. So then on this page it says, "XPT Weekly Sales Trends"; do you see that?

Q. Then -- all right. So on this page, which again, on the upper left-hand side, inside the computer screen says, "Monthly Rx Analysis," there's a box there that says "Exalgo Market Basket"; do you see that? I don't know if we're looking at the same page.

Q. So this is the page that I'd like to you look at .

Q. It says "Exalgo Market" --

Q. I apologize, the way it's printed out.

Q. So it states, "Exalgo Market Basket." Can you take some time and look at this page and tell me what that "Exalgo Market Basket" means in the context of this document?

Q. So as I count them under the product column that you're talking about, there are 12 products listed there, and just so we have them for the record, I'll read them. It's "AVINZA TOTAL," it says, and then "DILAUDID B/G TOTAL," and then "DURAGESIC B/G TOTAL," and then "EXALGO," and then "GENERIC MSIR," and then "KADIAN TOTAL," then MS CONTIN B/G TOTAL," and then "NUCYNTA," it's N u c y n t a, "ER," so it's "NUCYNTA ER." "OPANA ER TOTAL," and then the word O-R-A-M-O-R-P-H S-R, and then "OXYCODONE TAB," and then "OXYCONTIN B/G TOTAL"; do you see those there?

Q. All right. And then what is Dilaudid?

Q. And then Duragesic?

Q. And then Exalgo, we know. And then Generic MSIR?

Q. And then what about Kadian?

Q. How about MS Contin B/G Total?

Q. So that B/G, what does that mean?

Q. Could that be brand/generic total?

Q. All right. And then the next one, Nucynta ER, what's that?

Q. The next one is Opana ER total? A That is oxymorphone, branded.

Q. And then the next one is "ORAMORPH." What's that?

Q. And "OXYCODONE TAB," what does that mean?

Q. All right. And the last one is "OXYCONTIN B/G TOTAL"?

Q. And could -- and does that "B/G" mean the total of the brand name and the generic version?

Q. All right. So as you look at this data that appears on this page that starts "Monthly Rx Analysis" in Exhibit 17, where would this data have come from?

Q. Okay. And why would -- why would Covidien and Mallinckrodt have purchased this data?

Q. All right. And as you think about it, the numbers that are listed here in the various columns for, say, December 2nd, 2011, going forward on a weekly basis, is that the number of pills that were purchased in the 30300 district that you were in charge of?

Q. Okay. As you think about it, with regard to the prescriptions, is there some normalizing factor that would take into account the number of milligrams in a pill or the number of pills in a prescription?

Q. All right. Would you expect there to be such a factor?

Q. All right. So moving on, let's see, one, two, three pages in, and to the page that's marked "XPT Weekly Sales Trends"?

Q. And it states -- well, it looks like this . There's not much difference --

Q. So can you tell me what the difference is between this page, "XPT" -- because they're -- so the "XPT Weekly Sales Trends, that's three pages in and the one we were just looking at?

Q. What is the difference?

Q. Okay. Which one is specifically the geography?

Q. The second page that we're looking at, the new one that was three pages in?

Q. And the identifier that I see is the Avinza total in the first column is 22?

Q. And on the prior page, it was 235?

Q. All right. So the page where Avinza is 22, how do you identify that this is the Akron territory?

Q. All right. So using the IMS data, your salespeople and you could look at the total prescriptions for Avinza, say, inside one particular territory; is that right?

Q. All right. So then moving on, let's see, one, two, three, to the page that starts Ohio -- or in the upper left-hand corner of the grid states, "3034 MANSFIELD"; do you see that there?

Q. What does this page show?

Q. All right. So examining this data or just looking at this page, would the data on this page have come from IMS?

Q. How would IMS tie the prescriptions of any particular drug to the salespeople from Covidien and Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you know how that process would occur, the identification of the particular prescriptions that a particular Covidien-Mallinckrodt salesperson was responsible for, inside a district, on a chart like this?

Q. So each of these, this page --

Q. -- that starts with the various territories, there's a column "Rank" and then

Q. It has "30304 MANSFIELD"?

Q. "30301 YOUNGSTOWN" and so on?

Q. And then, as you had said, it lists or collects the various prescriptions that are assigned to those territories for the time frame that it's discussing. Do you know how that assignment would be made inside Mallinckrodt-Covidien?

Q. Not so much the goal, but -- so it says, "Territory 30304"?

Q. And then it says that during that time frame, there were actual prescriptions, 81?

Q. How would Mallinckrodt, or whoever, determine that there were 81 prescriptions in that territory?

Q. So with regard to the estimation and the data from IMS -- well, let me take a step back.

Q. When you worked at Covidien and Mallinckrodt, did Covidien and Mallinckrodt use the IMS data to calculate the bonus or sales incentive award for its salespeople?

Q. All right. So with regard to estimates that IMS would have made in the process of calculating its percentages in absolute sales, would Covidien and Mallinckrodt accepted the estimates that IMS made as acceptable to them for bonus and incentive payment?

Q. You said there are two companies. It's IMS, and what's the other one?

Q. All right. Was there any reason that you know of that Covidien-Mallinckrodt chose IMS over the other company?

Q. All right. Then moving on to two pages in, it says, "Territory Trends Table View." It's the bottom one here.

Q. Can you tell me what this chart says?

Q. All right. And the territories that are listed are Youngstown, Cleveland East, Columbus West, Mansfield and so on, in that first column there.

Q. All right. And do you know why Mallinckrodt and Covidien would examine this type of data?

Q. Okay. All right. So moving two pages on, there's a page that says, "Deliverables"; do you see that there?

Q. Then there are three bullet points below the word "Deliverables." It states, "District weekly tracker," "6 over 6 spreadsheet," and "Script and/or market share." did you mean by the words on this page, the "Deliverables" page?

Q. And the first one is "District weekly tracker." What does that mean?

Q. Oh. Two pages prior?

Q. The Opana ER total says that?

Q. All right. And what is a 6 over 6 spreadsheet?

Q. What was the use of a six-month over six-month spreadsheet?

Q. The same for the six-weeks over six-weeks' spreadsheet?

Q. And the last one is "Script and/or market share"; what does that mean?

Q. Okay. With regard to that term "market share" there and the competitor drug list that we've been talking about here --

Q. -- is that something that Mallinckrodt-Covidien would have drawn up or was there like an industry-wide market or is there something else?

Q. And it'll probably get the same objections. But the -- as you think of it, that term "market share" there and the list that we've been looking at earlier in this document, is that a list that Covidien-Mallinckrodt would have made up, you know, the people that you worked with, or is it like a generally accepted, industry-wide market or something else?

Q. And what I think -- or what I was asking was with regard to this particular market and the competitors that are listed there, as you think of it in the context of your work at Covidien and Mallinckrodt, would all those other people have said, "Oh, yeah, that's our competitive group," or would some companies have seen some competitors but not others, a bigger or smaller group or something else?

Q. All right. Great. Thanks. that report that talked about the market basket, and I don't have the page number, so I don't want to spend the time going back to it --

Q. -- but that would have been a basket that Mallinckrodt-Covidien would have created inside the programming; is that right?

Q. All right. So moving on into this document -- all right. The next page after this Deliverables page has "Top Payers By aTRx Volume"; do you see that there?

Q. What does that show?

Q. All right. All right. So then moving on two pages -- three pages into that, and it says "Top Players by aTRx Volume," again, is this the same chart or a different chart?

Q. Okay. And you --

Q. All right. And you can't tell from the context of what appears here that -- what has changed. I want to ask you about one of the payer ranks on that column, it's number 8, is "BCBS WELLPOINT/ANTHEM/WELLCHOICE." What',- that?

Q. All right. So let's turn two more pages into this --

Q. -- where it says, "Payer Prescribers."

Q. All right. So I want to talk about this page a little bit more.

Q. On the right-hand side, instead of your name, is the name Steven Patterson; do you see that there?

Q. Who is Steven Patterson?

Q. All right. And then you had talked about the fact that this is the New York -- information about prescribers in New York; is that right?

Q. For this data that appears on this page, the payer prescribers that we're talking about, is this data from IMS?

Q. All right. And is this data that you could have examined, as you think of it, for the Ohio district?

Q. And just so we're clear, when I said that, I meant that you could have seen it for doctors that were in Ohio; is that right?

Q. Okay. And was it your understanding that the IMS data with regard to particular hospitals -- I'm sorry. Let me start over. Is it your understanding that the IMS data, with regard to particular prescribers, was extensive?

Q. Okay. So how would you categorize it?

Q. Okay. So would you categorize it as comprehensive as the data with regard to the pharmacy prescriptions that we were just looking at before?

Q. So earlier, we were talking about how it's your understanding that Covidien and Mallinckrodt trusted the IMS data enough to base the bonus payments and incentive compensation on that data; is that right?

Q. And -- you've got to say yes or no. Sorry.

Q. Sorry. So with regard to that data, it was pretty comprehensive; is that fair to say?

Q. All right.

Q. Okay. So is it your understanding that with regard to -- let me start over. Okay. So previously, I think we were looking at prescriptions from -- through the lens of pharmacies; is that right?

Q. Right. So with regard to the data on this sheet that we're looking at now, would this data have come from a different source or the same source? And this is the one that has Steven Patterson and al l the New York doctor information on it.

Q. Okay. Good. I guess that's what I was trying to figure out.

Q. All right.

Q. It comes from my lack of terminology as well. That's why I get -- I actually don't know the answers to these questions that I'm asking you, so this I'm trying to figure this out.

Q. All right. So moving on to the next two pages in, there's another one that says, "Payer Prescribers," and it says, "Plan" and "Total"; do you see that there?

Q. And it says, "UHC/PAC/AARP MED PDP GENERAL," and then in parentheses, " "?

Q. And there are various prescribers listed there. What does this page mean to you in the context of your work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And as you look at this screenshot that appears on this page, this is an Excel document; is that right?

Q. So this would have been downloaded from the web and then opened as an Excel spreadsheet?

Q. All right. And then moving, let's say, one, two, three, four, five, six, to the next Deliverables page --

Q. -- so could we go through these Deliverables as well, what your understanding of these are?

Q. And when you say "plan," is that a healthcare plan, insurance plan?

Q. So the -- one of the -- the first Deliverable is "Top 5 - 10 Laser Focused Targets 'Excel Format,'" unquote; what does that mean?

Q. Okay. But is it your feeling that based on the IMS data that Covidien and Mallinckrodt bought that salespeople, inside their own territory, would be able to find 5 to 10 potential targets for sales calls?

Q. All right. Then it says, "Covered Plan Targets"; is that what you were talking about before?

Q. All right. And then the "Territory specific," and then in parentheses " ," what does that mean?

Q. All right. So going two more pages in, there's more screenshots, and it says -- the differentiator on this, as I see, is the date on the screenshot. Various dates are lit up or

Q. -- available to see. Can you tell what this page is saying?

Q. All right.

Q. So we were talking about this page, with the dates lit up on the left-hand side, and what does this page show you?

Q. Okay. And why would someone at or Mallinckrodt pull up this type of

Q. Okay. Then the various charts that you were pointing to has a -- have a column -- or two of them have a column that say, "Specialty"; what does that mean?

Q. All right. And this information comes from a territory outside your district; is that right?

Q. Then the next column over says, "Tier"; what does that mean?

Q. Okay. Can you tell from the codes that are there what products appear in the column, up and down that page?

Q. All right. And then next to that, there's the word "Decile." Do you see that there?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Who would have assigned the decile number, as you understand it, at Mallinckrodt and Covidien?

Q. So is it fair to say, it's your understanding that that is an automatically assigned number, based on selected keywords or other issues by Mallinckrodt?

Q. All right. Do you remember what some of the--I'm just randomly using the word "keywords"--some of the considerations would have been?

Q. All right. Can you think of any other considerations?

Q. So is that they are in a particular practice or something?

Q. Would total opioid prescription volume be one of the considerations that would go into the decile decision?

Q. And would whether the doctor was a key opinion leader, would that go into the decile consideration?

Q. All right. So the next column over is "Target Flag"; what does that mean?

Q. How about number of contact calls?

Q. All right. And then "waTRx," is that weekly average prescriptions?

Q. All right. And how about "Market waTRx"?

Q. So as you read this particular chart, it says that this prescriber has written 385 prescriptions for Exalgo and 1201 prescriptions in the entire market; is that right?

Q. All right. So let's move on, one, two, three pages in, to this page .

Q. So this page is "Rolling 13 Week Sales Trend"; do you see that there?

Q. And what is a Rolling 13 Week Sales?

Q. Okay. Can you tell which drugs this Rolling 13 Week Sales Trend is looking at?

Q. How can you tell?

Q. All right. And the product is the first column there, correct?

Q. So that first product that's listed there is "DILAUDID," D-i-l-a-u-d- -d --

Q. "B/G TOTAL"? Then it has a number of other drugs listed there?

Q. Why would people at Covidien and Mallinckrodt be interested in this?

Q. Okay. As you look at the term that appears on there, "OXYCONTIN B/G TOTAL," do you have an understanding, and I think we talked about this before, that the B/G is brand and generic total; is that right?

Q. All right. With regard to that term, the OxyContin brand and generic total, would that information have come from the same source at IMS that all the other information that we're talking about here today have come from?

Q. All right. So if you wanted to know the 13 week sales trend of OxyContin in a particular territory, it would be available to you from this IMS data; is that right?

Q. All right. All right. Going to the next page, it says, "Market Payer Type Distribution"?

Q. And on this left-hand side, it says, "Monthly Distribution Chart View," and it lists November 2011; do you see that there?

Q. Then there were three subcategories listed there, "CASH," "MEDICAID," and "THIRD PARTY." Can you tell me what those mean?

Q. So with regard to the data that's shown here, if someone had, say, Blue Cross as their insurance company, but paid cash for the deductible, would that transaction show up just under third party or partially under cash or something else?

Q. So if I wanted to find out every prescription that was paid for in cash in somebody's some salesperson's area, I could. look it up in the IMS data; is that right?

Q. All right. And if I wanted to cross-reference that by the basket of drugs that we've been looking at, I could see that as well, right?

Q. Could I find out the percentage of prescriptions in a given territory that were paid for in cash for the OxyContin brand/generic grouping that we've been talking about?

Q. All right. Then on the right-hand side of this page, it has a bar chart. Can you tell me what this shows?

Q. And from the context of the colors inside the chart that appear on this document, does this appear to you to be information from New York state?

Q. Okay. And it's not Ohio, right?

Q. Okay. So moving on, two more pages in, we were looking at the "Rolling 13 Month Sales Trend"; do you see that there?

Q. So is this the same type of sales, rolling 16 -- or rolling sales trend we've been looking at before?

Q. All right. So -- and turning to two more pages in, there's another Deliverables page; do you see that there?

Q. And it says, "Top ranked physicians for the QTRYTD." What does that mean?

Q. And "top ranked physicians," what does that mean?

Q. And in competition, it says, in parentheses, " "?

Q. What's Voltaren Gel?

Q. Was Voltaren Gel an opioid?

Q. Did IMS track the Voltaren Gel the same way it tracked the basket that we've been looking at?

Q. And then you had said this already, but promoted products, what does that mean in the context of this document?

Q. And the "top ranked physicians," is that the decile number that we were looking at or is that something else?

Q. It is the decile number?

Q. And the decile number, as we have been talking about it before, is based on attributes or statistics about a particular prescriber that are selected by the subscriber, to the IMS data, right, in this case, Mallinckrodt-Covidien?

Q. All right. So going down further under "Physician dossier," it says, "Snapshot of weekly/monthly data," "Doses of Exalgo and competition," "Managed care for Exalgo/Pennsaid as well as competition," and "Field visits," and then in parentheses, " ." The one I'm most interested in is that field visits. What did does that mean, in the context of this document?

Q. Okay. So you would create this dossier to go out and visit the various prescribers; is that right?

Q. All right. All right. And then can you move in further to this document, there are more charts here, but one of the pages says, "Exercise," and rather than going through these each, on this page that says "Exercise," can you tell me what this appears to you to be?

Q. Right.

Q. Okay. So as you think of it, for the various sign-ins for the IMS data, would each of the district managers at Covidien and Mallinckrodt have their own individual sign-in for IMS data?

Q. Would each of the individual salespeople have a sign-in?

Q. All right. Oh, that's what you meant by territory managers?

Q. All right. And then moving -- it's probably 10 pages in, there's a page that says, "IMS Dashboard" and -- that's it . And this, we finally get back to Bates numbers, is Bates number MNK-Tl 0003034378, and can you tell me what this is?

Q. Okay. All right. Now you can set this document aside.

Q. Mr. Becker, thanks for coming back. Today, we've been talking mostly about

Q. So I'm going to run some other Mallinckrodt drugs by you, and just tell me if you've ever worked with them in the course of your work at Mallinckrodt. Roxicodone, have you ever heard of that?

Q. All right. And Xartemis XR?

Q. And that's X-a-r-t-e-m-i-s. Did that come out after you left Mallinckrodt?

Q. And then the last one is Methadose. Have you ever heard of that?

Q. And for the record, Exhibit 18 is marked as MNK-Tl 0006514426 and 27.

Q. And, Mr. Becker, can you look at this document and tell me what it appears to you to be?

Q. All right. What is this document, Exhibit 18?

Q. All right. So the first e-mail in time, the last e-mail in this document that goes from about halfway down the first page to the second, is from a person named or from an e-mail address named glerner@pharmethod.com; do you see that there?

Q. Do you know who glerner@pharmethod.com iS?

Q. What's pharmethod.com?

Q. And the e-mail goes to an address called ; do you see that?

Q. So do you know who the address belongs to?

Q. All right. Now, is what kind of practice does Dr. Donatelli have?

Q. What is interventional pain management?

Q. And as you remember, did Dr. Donatelli prescribe Exalgo?

Q. So the e-mail to him from the pharmethod.com address says, "Hi Dr. Donatelli. You have been selected to speak for an Exalgo Regional Teleconference scheduled for: Tuesday, June 26, 2012" at "12:30 pm" Eastern. "In recognition of your time and contribution to this program, we are pleased to offer you an honorarium of $1000." Do you remember that $1000 was about the amount of an honorarium that a Exalgo prescriber would be offered to participate in

Q. Why not?

Q. So Dr. Donatelli forwards that e-mail to you; is that right?

Q. And he says, "What's the deal with this?"

Q. And then signs it "sd." Do you know Dr. Donatelli's first name?

Q. All right. And you write back to him, "I was hoping to talk with you before they reached out. We need a few doctors to host one on one teleconferences with doctors across the region to address proper dosing of Exalgo. They will be relatively short call that occur around lunchtime. Would you be up for that?" And he responds and says, "I think so. Call me sometime soon to discuss." Do you remember whether you ever subsequently talked to Dr. Donatelli about this potential regional teleconference?

Q. All right. Now, you had said earlier that you, as a district manager, were not typically privy to the amounts that speakers would be given as honorariums for participating in a teleconference like this; is that correct?

Q. Would you be privy to the fact that they were participating in the teleconferences?

Q. And --

Q. And as part of your job as regional sales director, would you have tracked or kept track of the various presenters at teleconferences, like the one that's discussed in this Exhibit 18?

Q. When you say "corporately," who are you thinking of?

Q. At what level at Covidien and Mallinckrodt would the people who knew about the payments made in honorarium be known? Like, would your boss know that, or would his or her boss know that, or how far up the line would that go?

Q. It was your understanding, however, that Dr. Donatelli, say, for this example, would not volunteer his time to do this teleconference, right?

Q. Was Dr. Donatelli, as you think of it, was his practice inside your region?

Q. Do you know what -- do you know what the name of the practice he worked for was?

Q. Do you know if he's still practicing, Dr. Donatelli?

Q. Is he practicing?

Q. You can set this document aside.

Q. Mr. Becker, could you look through Exhibit 19, and while you're looking through it, I'll read into the record its Bates numbers, which are MNK-Tl 0002869412 through 9413.

Q. And there's tiny little writing on the third page that is a printout of an Excel spreadsheet.

Q. All right.

Q. All right. So is this an e-mail that you sent to a group of people on June 27th, 2012?

Q. All right. Do you recognize the people in the "To" space to be a particular group of people?

Q. Who are they?

Q. And then you cc'd a number of people. Do you recognize those people to be a group?

Q. What is that group?

Q. So those are the other regional sales directors?

Q. Those are the other district sales managers?

Q. And then the subject of your e-mail is, "PLEASE READ - IMPORTANT INFORMATION," and you write "Team Ohio - Attached is the 3 Star list. Again, this list represents," bullet point, quote, "3 Star," unquote, "prescribers are prescribers that write a significant number of high dose opioid prescriptions." Then a bullet point, "A prescriber that has written on average 20 or more 120 milligram morphine equivalent TRxs per month for the previous seven months. This is comprehensive of prescriptions for Exalgo and the competition." Then you write, "What action we are asked to put against this list is," bullet point, "When executing the INSPIRE message, remember to sell the potential therapeutic value that Exalgo can provide patients. Also, ensure they are comfortable with properly converting and titrating patients to Exalgo." Then bullet point, "Increase frequency with these targets where possible - at least 2x per month." Then in parentheses, " ," then close parentheses. Then a bullet point, "Assess their current 16 milligram usage. This may be an indicator of their openness to quickly adopt the 32 milligram tablet," and then "Identify the pharmacies these prescribers use most frequently." And then, "Schedule lunches now for early September." Then a new paragraph. "It has come to my attention that this list may not be properly vetted. While I ask for no action to be taken immediately, please be ready to explain your effort/progress against these targets. If they are not viable targets, please note. In addition, I may be asked to explain your progress against them at the upcoming managers meeting. Make note of frequency, scheduled lunches," and then in parentheses, " ," close parentheses, "comfort in titrating to an effective/higher dose, etc. Thanks for your understanding on this issue." Mr. Becker, do you remember sending this e-mail?

Q. Do you remember that term "3 Star prescribers" that you use in this e-mail, whether that was a term specific to Covidien-Mallinckrodt?

Q. All right. Do you remember a particular group of prescribers being segregated out because they write a significant number of high-dose opioid prescriptions?

Q. All right. And then you also write, "A prescriber that has written on average 20 or more 120 milligram morphine equivalent TRxs per month." 120 milligram morphine equivalent term, what does that mean?

Q. Yes. And the next bullet point down there, you write, "When executing the INSPIRE message." Do you remember what that "INSPIRE" word means? It's all in caps there.

Q. Then you write, "Assess their current 16 milligram usage. This may be an indicator of their openness to quickly adopt the 32 milligram tablet." Do you have an understanding of what that means?

Q. What do you think that means?

Q. Okay. So the 32 milligram tablets would remain brand name; is that fair to say?

Q. And would -- the salespeople, would they detail doctors on the 16-milligram pills if they were available generically?

Q. All right. Why would the 16 milligram go -- in your understanding, why would the 16 milligram go generic, but 32 milligram tablets would not?

Q. But you have an understanding that that is what would have taken place, although you don't have an understanding as to why; is that fair to say?

Q. All right. You can set that document aside.

Q. Mr. Becker, could you look at Exhibit 20, which is a two-page document, and then as you look at it, I'll read into the record the Bates numbers, MNK-Tl 0004770755 and 56. And when you're ready, Mr. Becker, can you tell me what this appears to you to be?

Q. What is this Exhibit 20?

Q. And so at the first e-mail in time, the last one on the exhibit, you have a series of instructions to -- are those instructions to the other district sales managers?

Q. Okay. And you talk about "While on field rides: 1. Have the representative pull up the customer you're going to see on their iPad" and then various other instructions, like "In the Rolling 13 Month Sales Trend section on the physician profile, click on OxyContin." So in the initial e-mail, it had had an attachment, but as you think of the Rolling 13 Month Sales Trend that you would have attached to this e-mail, would it have been similar to the 13 Month Sales Trend figures that we were looking at earlier today?

Q. All right. So it's likely that the information that the salespeople would have used and you would have been referring to would have come from the IMS data; is that right?

Q. -- "See if the representative is able to convert 80 mg BID and 40 mg BID and reduce by 25% for each in their head." And then you say, "if not this is an opportunity." Can you tell me the -- without using the acronyms that are there, what that convert 80 milligrams and 40 milligrams and reduce by 25 percent, what that sentence means?

Q. Do you remember if this plan that you lay out in this e-mail from September 21st, 2012, was ever adopted across the various districts?

Q. Okay. All right. You can set that document aside.

Q. And, Mr. Becker, could you generally look at what has been marked Exhibit 21? And while you're looking at it, I'll note for the record that it's MNK-Tl 0001014384 through 4385, but the document also contains a printed-out, I think, PowerPoint presentation view on that, which again, has no numbers on it, so we're going to have to go through it. But that first page of the Exhibit 21, is that an e-mail from you, to a group of people?

Q. And who is the group of people that you sent this e-mail to?

Q. All right. And the subject of the e-mail that you send -- it's dated October 18th, 2013. The subject is "One Mallinckrodt workshop slides," and it says, "FINAL 9-23." Do you remember that term being used in your work at Mallinckrodt, "One Mallinckrodt"?

Q. All right. Can you look at the exhibit -- or the PowerPoint that's attached to the first page of this Exhibit 21, and do you recognize this PowerPoint?

Q. What is this PowerPoint?

Q. So when you use the term "selling model," what does that mean?

Q. All right. And this refers to "Influence Selling." Do you see that on the first page --

Q. -- and throughout the document?

Q. Is that the theme that you were thinking of?

Q. Do you remember what the name of the third-party vendor was?

Q. All right. So is it fair to say that the Prism group would have put together some or all of this or most of this PowerPoint presentation?

Q. All right. Do you remember any particular person at Prism that you worked with during this time frame?

Q. Okay. So what would have -- what would Prism's job have been with regard to this new selling model?

Q. When did you leave Mallinckrodt?

Q. Is the new selling model related to -- or is the new selling model that's listed here part of why you left Mallinckrodt?

Q. All right. So if you could turn to what I think is the eighth page of this document, it's "Openers Exercise Examples."

Q. On the right-hand side, it states, "CURRENT CUSTOMER. Doctor, I'm" -- and this is a script or some type of verbiage. "Doctor, I'm always trying to increase my vocabulary, and recently I learned Pico." Do you know what Pico is? In the context of this document, is Pico a particular term that is to be used by the salespeople?

Q. All right. And then moving one, two, three, four, five pages in, the "Exercise Example" --

Q. -- it says, "Exercise Example: Emotional Transitions." And, again, as you think of it, this would have been written by the Prism group; is that right?

Q. All right. Do you remember training or -- yourself, do you remember either being trained or training others in the sales process of -- using emotional transitions in the sales process?

Q. So the term "Emotional Transitions," what does that mean to you in the context of this document?

Q. All right. So now I'm going to skip, it's probably ten pages in, to the page that looks like this .

Q. I'll describe it for the record. It says, "Influence Questions" at the top, and then it has what looks like a breakout of a piece of literature or something, and it says, "WHAT" -- the literature or whatever it iS says, "WHAT IS YOUR NEXT STEP FOR YOUR OXYCONTIN PATIENT EXPERIENCING INTOLERABLE"--and I'm not sure if there's other language there--"ADVERSE EVENTS OR ESCALATING DOSES WITHOUT ADEQUATE ANALGESIA?" you look at that page there, do you have an understanding of what that is?

Q. What is that?

Q. So there's a picture there of a woman, and she doesn't look very happy.

Q. And then, when you say, "profile," is that the data that appears on the left side?

Q. All right. Then looking at the next page, it states, "HOW MANY 20 MG or 40 MG PILLS IS YOUR OXYCONTIN PATIENT TAKING EACH DAY?" Then -- so this, to me, looks like an iPad slide, is that right, or an iPad screen?

Q. Do you remember this particular sales aid being introduced at the end of 2013?

Q. All right. How about the next page, "HOW MANY CONCOMITANT MEDICATIONS IS YOUR CHRONIC PAIN PATIENT TAKING?" Is it the same issue, a slide from an iPad presentation?

Q. ALL RIGHT. You can set that document aside.

Q. All right. So we've been talking about 2010 through 2014, but for these next five or so, they go back to 2006 and 2007. So the court reporter will hand you what we'll mark as Exhibit 22.

Q. And, Mr. Becker, could you look at Exhibit 22? And as you're looking at it, I'll read it into the record. It's MNK-Tl 0007873931 through 3933. And when you're ready, can you tell me what this appears to you to be?

Q. So the first -- the e-mails that appear last in time on this page, the first page, this is a series of jokes with a coworker that you have; is that right?

Q. All right. Yeah. So we're not going to go through those. But then, going further into this document, I want to ask you about the e-mail on June 27, 2006, from Geoff Arbuckle, and it's the one here .

Q. The third or fourth the third page.

Q. Do you have an understanding of what, if any, drug or pharmaceutical Mr. Arbuckle is talking about there?

Q. Okay. What do you think he's talking about?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt or Covidien ultimately introduce the Combunox product that you think he might be discussing here?

Q. Do you know whether it was ever sold or passed on to another company or whether it was just abandoned or something else?

Q. All right. And he asked for -- he says, "Per Scott Sim's request, please ask following questions of at least 5 Pain Specialists, and submit their answers by Friday, June 30th, if possible." This is on Tuesday, June 27, 2006. He says, "In what patients do you use Oxycodone/Acetaminophen? And then 2., "What dosing regimen of Oxycodone/Acetaminophen do you prescribe most often?" And then 3., "If there were an Oxycodone/Acetaminophen 400mg available, in all 4 Oxycodone strengths , for what patients would you use it and in lieu of what other combination analgesics?" And then there are two more questions there?

Q. As you think of it, when you worked at Mallinckrodt, was there ever a drug offered by Mallinckrodt -- let me start over. As you think of it, when you worked at Mallinckrodt, was there -- did Mallinckrodt or Covidien ever offer an oxycodone/ acetaminophen brand name drug?

Q. What did they offer?

Q. All right. And as you think about this time, 2006, was Magnacet on the market?

Q. Okay. Do you know about how much prior to 2009?

Q. All right.

Q. And, Mr. Becker, could you look at what we've marked as Exhibit 23. And while you're looking at it, I'll read it into the record. It's MNK-Tl 0002159033 through 34. And when you're ready, could you tell me what this appears to you to be?

Q. So what is this?

Q. Do you remember ever meeting Dr. Grudem that's referred to in this Exhibit 23?

Q. All right. So among other things, this e-mail talks about Magnacet; is that right?

Q. And it talks about difficulties with Magnacet, but then about two-thirds of the way down the page, it talks about -- it says the following: "As far as the roundtable dinner he is facilitating in Jacksonville, we covered some points that we would like for him to cover. These were some specific requests from Melanie Szuba on what she feels will resonate with her doctors." Who is Melanie Szuba?

Q. All right. Do you remember what part of the country Melanie Szuba worked in?

Q. Florida?

Q. So the first thing that is written there about the specific requests from Melanie Szuba is "The 'spiritual void,'" and then the second thing is, "Asymmetrical dosing with narcotics and constipation meds," and the third one is, "The Compound Pharmacy and how it can benefit patients." She says that "There is a local compounding pharmacy that I would like to have there to address availability of the compound gel that he referred to." And then the fourth one is, "Breakthrough Pain and effective management" and "Magnacet." So that first issue there, the spiritual void, you respond that, right, in the next e-mail, the spiritual void, at the top of the page; do you see that?

Q. Do you have an understanding of what Ms. Szuba would have meant by "The spiritual void"?

Q. Do you have an understanding of whether Ms. Szuba or anyone in the Florida district of Mallinckrodt or Covidien was seeking to expand the use of opioids towards psychiatric or other patients beyond pain issues?

Q. All right. Do you remember whether anyone, at any meeting that you attended at Mallinckrodt, ever raised the idea of expanding the use of opioids beyond pain indications?

Q. All right.

Q. So today, we've been talking about your time at Mallinckrodt as district sales manager, right?

Q. And as part of your responsibilities as district sales manager for Ohio, did you have any responsibility with regard to scheduling or preparing what are referred to as CMEs?

Q. Did any of your salespeople have any responsibility with regard to CMEs, continuing medical education?

Q. All right. Was anyone at Mallinckrodt, as you understand it, responsible for putting on or carrying out CMEs?

Q. Do you remember, in the greater Cleveland area, any Mallinckrodt-sponsored CMEs going ahead while you were district manager?

Q. Could you repeat that?

Q. Have you ever heard the term "fair and balanced promotion" in the course of your work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. What does that mean to you?

Q. All right. And do you remember ever training your salespeople on issues related to that concept, fair and balanced?

Q. All right. Who at corporate, as you think of it, would have been responsible for that?

Q. All right. Why would med affairs get involved in the fair and balanced issue?

Q. Were you, yourself, trained on the fair and balanced concept during your work at Mallinckrodt-Covidien?

Q. Can you think of any particular trainings that you had on that issue?

Q. All right. All right. Have you ever heard the term "REMS," R-E-M-S, in the context of your work with opioids at Mallinckrodt?

Q. What does that term mean to you?

Q. As you think of it, does it apply to the district sales managers, like you were, as well?

Q. All right. So as you think about going back to 2011 or 2012, when you were district sales manager at Mallinckrodt, did you receive any training on compliance with REMs?

Q. Can you remember any of it?

Q. Okay. With regard to the REMS training, and even before the REMS training, have you ever heard the term "adverse event" in the context of your work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. What does that term mean to you in the context of your work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you remember ever reporting an adverse event while you worked at Mallinckrodt or Covidien? Let me -- let me ask this differently. In your training, whether it was for REMS or otherwise, were you ever trained to have a duty to report an adverse event that you observed related to an opioid that Mallinckrodt or Covidien sold?

Q. All right. So as you think about it, what would be the circumstances under which you would have to report an adverse event that you experienced with regard to -- let me start over. As you think about it, what would be the circumstances under which you would have to report an adverse event that happened with regard to an opioid?

Q. All right. And did you have an understanding that you would have to report adverse events not only about Mallinckrodt and Covidien drugs, but also about other manufacturers' drugs as well?

Q. All right. Do you remember ever seeing an adverse event or becoming aware of an adverse event that occurred, related to other manufacturers' drugs, but you did not report it?

Q. Okay. Do you remember whether, with regard to the adverse event training, such training changed after what we've been talking about as the REMS were put in place?

Q. All right.

Q. Mr. Becker, could you look at Exhibit 24. And as you're looking at it, I will note for the record that it is marked MNK-Tl 0004286477, and it is just that one page long. And can you -- when you're ready, can you tell me what this appears to you to be?

Q. Okay. Do you remember Dr. Tiwari?

Q. Is Dr. Tiwari a man or a woman?

Q. All right. So do you remember what why you had dinner with Dr. Tiwari?

Q. Do you remember why you would have had dinner with Dr. Tiwari to talk about Magnacet, around this time, February 2007?

Q. And for the record, I don't think I've said this, this is an e-mail from you to a person named Larry McClure on February 26, 2007; is that right?

Q. Who is Larry McClure?

Q. All right. And then there's a person, Craig Blenderman; who is that?

Q. And then Danielle Nolan; who is that?

Q. Do you remember which region or district Dr. Tiwari's practice was physically located?

Q. So you write in there, "I requested a preceptorship with him ASAP to gain a better understanding of the role Magnacet will play in his practice." What does the term "preceptorship" mean in the context of this e-mail that you wrote?

Q. Do you remember whether you ever actually undertook a preceptorship with Dr. Tiwari around this time, with the understanding that it's about 12 years ago?

Q. Do you remember ever, after this time, February 2007, ever communicating with Dr. Tiwari?

Q. All right. Do you know if Dr. Tiwari is still practicing?

Q. All right. Now I'm going to hand you what we'll mark as Exhibits 25 and 26.

Q. Mr. Becker, Exhibit 25, MNK-Tl 0006087006, it's a one-page document, and Exhibit 26 is MNK-Tl 0006087008, so the 7007 page is missing. It is an Excel spreadsheet. But I wanted to particularly talk to you about what's been marked as Exhibit 26, and then the e-mail that's Exhibit 25 is to give you some perspective on it. So when you're ready, can you tell me what this Exhibit 26 is?

Q. All right.

Q. What are your vague memories of Exhibit 26?

Q. When you say "burn in," what does that mean?

Q. Did you say --

Q. Oh, sorry.

Q. All right. But -- so the name on the top of the Exhibit 25 and 26 is Liquicet, L-i-q-u-i-c-e-t. And on 26, it says, "Hydrocodone Bitartrate" and then "Acetaminophen"; is that right?

Q. And then it says, "CIII" there; do you see that?

Q. So does that mean it's a controlled substance, Schedule III?

Q. All right. And as you sit here today, beyond this particular document that I've shown you, do you have any other memory of the drug Liquicet?

Q. Al l right. So I want to ask you a couple questions, as you go down the page on there, on page 26. And they're not necessarily related to the Liquicet drug, but it has "ABC" and then in parentheses, ," and then "ABC ," "Cardinal Order #," "McKesson Order #," and "NDC #." In the context of your work at Mallinckrodt, what do those terms mean?

Q. Have you ever heard the term "NDC code"?

Q. All right. Okay. Rather than increasing confusion, I think we'll just leave this one right there.

Q. Mr. Becker, thanks for coming back. Do you understand you are still under oath?

Q. Can you look at Exhibit 27. And while you're looking at it, I will note for the record that it's Bate stamped MNK-Tl 0005032291 through 2300. And when you're ready, can you tell me what this appears to you to be?

Q. All right. And can you turn to page 2294, and 2294 appears to be language from Terese E. Lafeber; do you see that there?

Q. Who is Ms. Lafeber?

Q. And she writes, "A new" -- "All Field Sales, A new product weighting is being added to the Q3 quotas. In the past SIPC document and past addendums, we have updated the payout tables for the product weightings that were currently in use for the quarter, requiring us to send out new acknowledgements each quarter. In the attached addendum, we have simplified the illustration of the payout grid to accommodate any product weighting changes that may occur each quarter," and in parentheses, " " Do you remember this particular quota and payout change taking place around October 2013 -- or around April 2013?

Q. All right. And, again, I think you had said before that the compensation plan for the sales representative changed a number of times while you were working at Mallinckrodt; is that right?

Q. And is this one of the changes -- or is this typical of the changes that you were thinking of?

Q. What's the new product that you were referring to that was coming on board?

Q. And is Sumavel DosePro an opioid?

Q. All right. You can set that down.