Witness:  Kevin Vorderstrasse
Attorney: MR. Stewart
Source:   MNKOI0004570732
============================================================

Q. Sir, can you please state your name for the record?

Q. And where do you live?

Q. Have you given testimony in this case before?

Q. And can you tell me if you -- is there any reason you can't testify accurately and truthfully today that you can think of?

Q. If I ask you a question today and you don't understand it, will you tell me that you don't understand it?

Q. That way if I ask you a question and you answer it, we'll know you thought you understood it and gave a truthful answer; is that fair?

Q. I'd like to hand you a document that's marked as Exhibit 1. [Exhibit 1 marked for identification.]

Q. And do you recognize the document in front of you?

Q. And is it the notice of deposition for this deposition today?

Q. And if you'll look at Exhibit 1, are you here to testify on behalf of the company Mallinckrodt?

Q. And can you tell me what topics you're here to testify about?

Q. Is one of the topics that you are able to testify on today the limited portion of our question about diversion with respect to RADARS and Navippro?

Q. Let's talk about that for a moment. Exhibit 2. I'd like to hand you a document marked as Exhibit 2. [Exhibit 2 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you have that in front of you?

Q. And do you see at the bottom of Exhibit 2 there's a -- what we call a Bates number, and it's MNK-TNSTA-03881904?

Q. And do you recognize this document that is Exhibit 2?

Q. And can you just tell me what it is?

Q. And what's the Navippro database?

Q. Do you see that this particular document, Exhibit 2, has on the front of it presentation to Mallinckrodt?

Q. So here, Navippro information is being produced for Mallinckrodt; is that fair?

Q. And does Mallinckrodt use Navippro information in a systemic way?

Q. Does Mallinckrodt get reports in a routine basis from Navippro?

Q. So when we're talking routine reports, is it your testimony that you're not aware that Mallinckrodt gets a report with the Navippro data, say, quarterly?

Q. You can answer.

Q. Do you know what the nature of this particular report is that's in front of you that's Exhibit 2?

Q. Do you know who would have ordered a report like this within Mallinckrodt?

Q. Give me an idea of what groups would order this information.

Q. And do those teams use Navippro data because it's reliable?

Q. Fair to say -- well, first of all, does -- do you believe Mallin -- that Navippro data is reliable?

Q. Is -- if a team within Mallinckrcdt uses Mallinckrodt -- I mean used -- strike that. If a team within Mallinckrodt uses Navippro data, is it fair to say that they believe it is reliable?

Q. Fair to say Mallinckrodt teams don't rely on information that is unreliable?

Q. And when a Mallinckrodt team has a report prepared based upon Navippro data, is it fair to assume that they thought that the data was sufficiently reliable that it was worth factoring into their consideration?

Q. And just to bring this to a conclusion, Mallinckrodt didn't order a Navippro -- strike that. Mallinckrodt would use Navippro data as outlined in Exhibit 2 because Mallinckrodt felt that that data provided useful information to weigh when making determinations about business practices? Fair?

Q. Turn to the first -- next page of the document marked Bates Number 1905. Do you see the first bullet point?

Q. Do you see it says under objectives characterize current level of abuse for oxycodone combination?

Q. And then do you see the third bullet point says review potential changes in abuse of oxycodone and hydrocodone products since market introduction of abuse-deterrent formulations, ADFs?

Q. And these objectives are objectives that Mallinckrodt thought Navippro could assist with; is that correct?

Q. And do you have an understanding of how Navippro could contribute to the achievement of the objectives listed on the page that's Bates-numbered 1905?

Q. And why don't you turn to the page that's marked Bates Number 1908 in Exhibit 2?

Q. And do you see that there's a headline that says outcome measures?

Q. And do you see it says prevalence of past 30-day abuse?

Q. And is that one of the measurements that can be derived from Navippro?

Q. You mentioned Inflexxion. What's Inflexxion?

Q. And can you turn to the page of this PowerPoint that is Exhibit 2 to the page that's marked 1916 Bates number? Do you see that?

Q. Do you see it's a page that says route of administration, aggregate all compounds?

Q. And do you see it has a bar graph and it's got oral, snort, smoke, inject, and other?

Q. So what this slide is showing is routes of administration of abused compounds?

Q. So what do you think this chart shows, the chart that's on the page Bates-numbered 1916?

Q. And the four drugs referenced -- you're talking about oxycodone IR, oxycodone IR single entity, oxycodone ER, and hydrocodone IR; is that fair?

Q. And I guess the question is Navippro data -- one thing it provides or can provide is the route of administration of compounds like oxycodone IR combination?

Q. Do you know how many reports Mallinckrodt has ordered from Inflexxion since 2012?

Q. Can you -- how long have you been with the company -- Mallinckrodt?

Q. Can you think of a year since 2010 that Mallinckrodt did not order information from Inflexxion?

Q. I take it Inflexxion reports like Exhibit 2 are used in Mallinckrodt's business, if ordered by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And so you figure if I wanted to figure out how many reports from Inflexxion Mallinckrodt had ordered since 2010, I could go into the company records and find the records of those particular reports and just look at the reports; is that correct?

Q. Well, I'm just trying to figure cut how I can figure -- strike that. I'm just trying to figure out how many reports from Inflexxion containing Navippro data exist within Mallinckrodt. How would I figure that out?

Q. So one thing I might do is look at the reports that I have received in this litigation that contain Navippro data and just look at them, and at least that would provide a subset at least of reports that Mallinckrodt has ordered from Inflexxion; is that fair?

Q. Let me hand you a document we'll mark as Exhibit 3. [Exhibit 3 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see a document in front of you marked Exhibit 3?

Q. And do you see that it's got a headline, National Addictions Vigilance Intervention and Prevention Program, Navippro Study Protocol?

Q. And do you see it says prepared for Mallinckrodt, Inc.?

Q. Here's another example of a report prepared by Inflexxion with Navippro data for Mallinckrodt; fair?

Q. Let me hand you a document marked Exhibit 4. [Exhibit 4 marked for identification.]

Q. Can you look at the document and tell me whether you recognize it?

Q. Do you see on the front page there's a custodian statement that says it comes from medical affairs?

Q. And is medical affairs one of the organizations that Mallinckrodt uses Navippro Inflexxion data?

Q. And do you recall -- and let me turn your attention to Page 12 of the document that's Exhibit 4. Do you see --

Q. And do you see it says what does the abuser look like?

Q. And the point is, we saw in the Mallinckrodt information that's Exhibit 2 that one of the things that was measured was abuse; fair?

Q. And the only point I want to make here is abuse is one of the things that your medical affairs unit looks at; fair?

Q. And so here in Exhibit 4, what medical affairs is doing is they're acting -- is medical affairs on Page 12 of Exhibit 4 is describing risk factors for abuse?

Q. And can you turn to the next page.

Q. And what your medical affairs unit does on this next page, which is marked as 13, is it just lists the sources of abused prescription opioids. Do you see that?

Q. You can answer.

Q. Sure. What's stated here in this medical affairs document is just the primary source of abused prescription opioids?

Q. I'm going to hand you a document marked Exhibit 5. [Exhibit 5 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see you have a document on the front page of Exhibit 5 that's marked -- the document is stated SKU listing for reports for TN?

Q. And do you know what a SKU is?

Q. What is it?

Q. And I thought this would be a useful exhibit to just help us outline the products that Mallinckrodt has sold over time. Can you turn to the first page of the document after the cover page?

Q. And you see there are no page numbers on the document?

Q. For clarity let's just say this page starts -- do you see with the very first line -- it's got a Production Number SKU 536101. Do you see that?

Q. And do you see it says Anexsia --

Q. -- 5-500 tabs?

Q. Do you know what that is?

Q. What is Anexsia?

Q. And when did that name apply to that combination, APAP?

Q. And when did Mallinckrodt sell or manufacture Anexsia?

Q. And Anexsia contained plaids?

Q. Is hydrocodone an opioid?

Q. Now, do you see if you go down four lines or five lines there is a SKU Number 012301?

Q. Do you see the product description for that SKU is hydrocodone APAP 5-325 milligrams?

Q. And what sort of product is that?

Q. And when did Mallinckrodt sell that hydrocodone APAP product that's listed after SKU 012301?

Q. Now, you say the item number. Has Mallinckrodt sold hydrocodone in one form or another prior to the specific hydrocodone APAP we're looking at on Exhibit 5?

Q. Turn to -- and again, hydrocodone APAP as you just described it -- is that an opioid?

Q. And since 1994, Mallinckrodt sold an opioid that you describe as hydrocodone APAP in some form?

Q. Now, turn to the next page -- or actually two pages in. And do you see that at the bottom of the page you have a SKU marked 0406036591?

Q. Do you see there's a new name -- it's APAP 5-325 MG?

Q. What sort of product is indicated by that name?

Q. And is that -- how long has that product been sold?

Q. Do you know when it was initially sold?

Q. Let's turn to the next page of this document that's Exhibit 5 and look at -- if you look about six, seven lines down, do you see there's a SKU indicator 0406052391?

Q. And do you see it says oxycodone/APAP 10-325 milligram?

Q. What sort of product is oxycodone/APAP 10-325 milligram?

Q. And how long has Mallinckrodt sold that sort of product?

Q. When you talk about APAP, is that indicating the acetaminophen combination?

Q. And is oxycodone an opioid?

Q. And so since the mid-1990s, Mallinckrodt has manufactured and sold an oxycodone acetaminophen opioid product?

Q. Do you see on the next page there is a SKU at the very top 059301?

Q. And do you see it says oxycodone HCL ER TABS 10 milligram?

Q. What sort of product is that?

Q. And how long has Mallinckrodt sold that sort of product?

Q. Do you see at the bottom of the page there is a box that has a SKU Number 23635111501, and next to it is the product Xartemis XR, open paren, oxy APAP 7.5325 milligram, close paren. Do you see that?

Q. And what is that product?

Q. When was it sold? You said a short period of time.

Q. What was the time period for the sales?

Q. And when you say sales, are you referring to a sales operation in which Mallinckrodt represented -- visited prescribers?

Q. Now, I don't see on Exhibit 5 a reference to a drug Exalgo, but have you heard of such a drug?

Q. What's Exalgo?

Q. And is hydromorphone an opioid?

Q. And did Mallinckrodt sell Exalgo?

Q. And when did it sell Exalgo?

Q. When you talk about the branded sales team, again, you're talking about Mallinckrodt representatives who would visit prescribers and discuss Exalgo?

Q. And do you see there's a reference on Exhibit 5 to the SKU 2363558110, and then next to that is Roxicodone 15 milligram?

Q. Is that another product that Mallinckrodt sold?

Q. How long has Mallinckrodt sold Roxicodone?

Q. And does Mallinckrodt still sell Roxicodone?

Q. And you say listed here. You're talking about the various milligram levels of Roxicodone that are listed on Exhibit 5?

Q. And which SKUs do you sell now of Roxicodone?

Q. And the inactive SKUs -- the 30 milligram -- the five milligram, the 15 milligram, and the 30 milligram, are those SKUs that were sold at some different time?

Q. Now, Exalgo is an opioid; fair?

Q. And Roxicodone, that's an opioid?

Q. And has Mallinckrodt ever sold fentanyl products?

Q. How long has Mallinckrodt sold fentanyl products?

Q. And what sort of fentanyl products has Mallinckrodt sold from 2005 till the present date?

Q. Does Mallinckrodt sell any morphine products?

Q. And what sort of morphine products does Mallinckrodt sell?

Q. And is morphine an opioid?

Q. And how long has Mallinckrodt sold morphine products?

Q. Is fentanyl an opioid?

Q. And what about methadone? Does Mallinckrodt sell methadone?

Q. How long has Mallinckrodt sold methadone?

Q. And is methadone an opioid?

Q. And what about oxymorphone? Does Mallinckrodt sell oxymorphone?

Q. Has Mallinckrodt sold oxymorphone?

Q. And tell me about the oxymorphone products that Mallinckrodt has sold.

Q. Is oxymorphone an opioid?

Q. Hand you a document marked as Exhibit 6. [Exhibit 6 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you have Exhibit 6 in front of you, sir?

Q. Do you see at the bottom there's a number MNK-INSTA-00577976?

Q. And do you know that -- we often call these numbers at the bottom right-hand corner of a page Bates numbers?

Q. And so today if we talk about Bates numbers and give the last three or four numbers just to indicate a page, can we agree we're talking about the last couple numbers of the number that appear on the bottom right-hand corner?

Q. Do you see you have in front of you something that is entitled "A RADAR System Fourth Quarter 212 Mallinckrodt, Inc., Report Hydromorphone Data"?

Q. Are you familiar with the RADAR system?

Q. What's the RADAR system?

Q. So do you see that it says fourth quarter 2012?

Q. Is this a report of the sort that Mallinckrodt orders routinely?

Q. So what do you know about the RADARS reports that Mallinckrodt orders?

Q. Do you know whether Mallinckrodt received

Q. You have one in front of you; fair?

Q. So you're aware that at least one quarterly report was delivered to Mallinckrodt?

Q. But you just don't know whether any other quarterly reports are delivered to Mallinckrodt?

Q. Again, to figure out how many of these quarterly reports Mallinckrodt's received, I guess I would have to go to the company and just get those records of those reports. Would that be the best way to do that?

Q. Well, let's look at this report. Do you see -- turn to the next page. And do you see there's a statement of objectives.

Q. And do you see the objective says to identify abuse, misuse, and diversion rates for oxycodone, hydrocodone, morphine, hydromorphone, fentanyl, buprenorphine, and methadone? Do you see that?

Q. And so here Mallinckrodt's receiving a report, and the objective is listed here under Subsection A in part?

Q. And so Mallinckrodt is using the RADAR system at least with this report to determine abuse, misuse, and diversion rates for these various opioids?

Q. What group in Mallinckrodt would use a report such as the RADAR report that is Exhibit 6?

Q. And what's the pharmacovigilance team?

Q. Is RADARS information reliable?

Q. And is the reason that various groups within Mallinckrodt use RADARS reports because they view it as reliable information?

Q. But you don't know that, that there was a requirement to use RADARS data?

Q. Fair to say that your pharmacovigilance department doesn't use RADARS data because they think it's unreliable?

Q. Who heads up your pharmacovigilance team, yours being Mallinckrodt's?

Q. And how long has that been the case?

Q. And before then who ran your pharmacovigilance function?

Q. And what's the purpose of the pharmacovigilance department at Mallinckrodt?

Q. You can answer.

Q. And can you tell me who -- when Mallinckrodt ordered the fourth quarter report that's Exhibit 6, who was in charge of the pharmacovigilance function at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And so one of the areas that the pharmacovigilance team is involved with is identifying abuse, misuse, and diversion rates?

Q. Including abuse and diversion of those products?

Q. Does the pharmacovigilance team affirmatively track diversion?

Q. Of Mallinckrodt products?

Q. With respect to diversion?

Q. What is diversion?

Q. So for example, diversion includes theft of prescribed drugs?

Q. Diversion includes sale of prescribed drugs by a drug dealer who is not a medical provider?

Q. Isn't diversion any time plaids or any other drug are distributed in a way that is not a -- through a legal prescription?

Q. And turn to Page 12 of 158 of Exhibit 6.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And do you see there's a Table 5.1.2 drug diversion data report at the national level?

Q. And so here what your pharmacovigilance department is receiving is RADARS's information showing data that shows you drug diversion over time?

Q. Now, let's -- and if you see, it's all RADARS system opioids?

Q. So this would be -- you said all products, but it's plaid products in the marketplace; fair?

Q. And when you say seven opioids, you're talking about the seven opioids listed next tc the graph, starting with buprenorphine and going to oxycodone; fair?

Q. Now, let's turn to Page 91 of 158 of this exhibit. And do you see that there is a document or

Q. And it lists the top 10 drug diversion rates per three-digit ZIP code?

Q. And so what RADARS information here is showing is the ZIP codes in the United States that have the highest hydrocodone diversion rates; fair?

Q. So for instance, you look at the three-digit ZIP code 373 for Cleveland, Tennessee. It's got the second highest rate of hydrocodone diversion.

Q. And we'll just touch on a few more of these just to demonstrate what's in this report. Can you turn to Page 94 of 158 of this document?

Q. Do you see there's a map that is enti -- that's Figure 6.1.5.6, and it's hydrocodone drug diversion rates per 100,000 population? Do you see that?

Q. And do you see on the map the State of Tennessee's -- particularly the eastern portion of the State of Tennessee highlighted in dark shaded color?

Q. I think you can see -- well, you tell me. I'm looking at the map. Can you see the State of Tennessee highlighted in a dark color?

Q. And do you see that that -- well, I'll tell you what. So we've got that map. Let's turn to Page 130 of 158. Do you see that?

Q. And do you see there's a figure, 6.1.9.6, oxycodone drug diversion rates per 100,000 population. Do you see that?

Q. And do you see here again that the eastern portion of Tennessee is highlighted in a dark color on the oxycodone drug diversion rate map?

Q. And the point is we can look at the fourth quarter 2012 RADARS report that your pharmacovigilance department got, and you can look ZIP code by ZIP code at where diversion is occurring; is that fair?

Q. We would have to look at the entire report to get the full context; fair?

Q. I'm going to hand you another document marked Exhibit 7. [Exhibit 7 marked for identification.]

Q. And do you see that Exhibit 7 is a third quarter 2012 Mallinckrodt, Inc., report on hydromorphone data?

Q. So 6 is the fourth quarter -- Exhibit 6 is the fourth quarter and Exhibit 7 is the third quarter 2012 version of that report?

Q. And I think your testimony is you just don't know how many other quarterly reports like this Mallinckrodt received; is that fair?

Q. It's possible Mallinckrodt received quarterly reports for many years; fair?

Q. You can answer.

Q. Right, we would jus -- the best way to figure it out is just to ask Mallinckrodt for all the reports and just see how many RADARS reports like Exhibit 6 and 7 Mallinckrodt has; fair?

Q. I'm going to hand you another document that's Exhibit 8. [Exhibit 8 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see that you have in front of you a document marked Exhibit 8?

Q. Do you see at the bottom right-hand corner, you have a Bates Number MNK-TNSTA-02171038?

Q. And do you see at the top of the page there's an e-mail from Luke Poppish to Michael Kessler?

Q. It's dated 1-18-2013?

Q. 1-18-2013 is the sent line?

Q. What do you have?

Q. And tell me, do you see the RADARS system date on the RADARS system report?

Q. Let me make that clearer. Do you see that the RADARS system report you have states first quarter 2013?

Q. So to be clear, on April 9th, 2013, Luke Poppish sent Michael Wessler a newsletter?

Q. And can you tell me -- have you reviewed these newsletters at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And can you turn to Page -- let's see, it's the third page into the newsletter where you see a chart.

Q. And do you see that at the top of the page it says rankings by state?

Q. Let's turn into the page. You have -- the first page says coming up, annual RADARS system scientific meeting. Do you see that?

Q. And the next page you've got opioid labeling panel?

Q. Now, the next page you've got a graph, and then turn to the following page where you see ranking by state. Do you see that?

Q. And do you see -- the question posed in this document is which states are most at risk for abuse, misuse, and/or diversion based on prescription and/or exposure trends. Do you see that?

Q. And do you see that there are three categories that are listed?

Q. That's correct.

Q. And the document has as its first -- as its first statement of a basis for being an at-risk state, URDD prescriptions filled, unique recipient of dispensed drugs, URDD per 100 population, number of individual opioid prescriptions filled, including refills calculated with data from IMS in 2010 U.S. census data?

Q. Excluding refills.

Q. And so here, this RADARS system document is presenting that characteristics, prescriptions filled, as one of the ways of measuring at-risk states; fair?

Q. And the first analysis is URDD prescriptions filled as described; fair?

Q. And what state ranks Number 1 with regard to that measurement?

Q. Do you know who -- turn to the front page -- Luke Poppish is?

Q. Do you know who Michael Wessler is?

Q. Who is Michael Wessler?

Q. So he worked for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Now, let me just -- I want to get something on the record so we're clear. Do you see his e-mail says michaelwessler@covidien.com?

Q. Why would someone who worked at Mallinckrodt have a covidien.com e-mail?

Q. Sir, could you just look at that and confirm that?

Q. Now I'm going to hand you a document marked Exhibit 9 and ask you if you recognize it. [Exhibit 9 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see there's an e-mail from Annelies Hall to Michael Wessler?

Q. Tell me again who Michael Wessler was in 2013.

Q. And the -- do you know who Annelies Hall was?

Q. And do you see that Annelies Hall is forwarding a RADARS system second quarter 2013 newsletter?

Q. And do you see -- if you could turn to the page -- well, first of all, bottom of Page 9, do you see there's a Bates number on the first page MNK-TNSTA-01977949?

Q. And now turn to the page marked with the Bates Number MNK-TNSTA-01977954. Do you see that?

Q. And do you see again there's a section entitled "Ranking By State"?

Q. Do you see it asks the question in this RADARS newsletter which states are most at risk for abuse, misuse, and/or diversion based on prescription and/or exposure trends?

Q. And do you see that it lists the top five at-risk states based on three different analyses?

Q. And do you see that this report then lists as the first analysis URDD rate prescriptions filled, and then it describes those?

Q. And do you see for that measurement of abuse, misuse, and/or diversion -- do you see where Tennessee is ranked?

Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt took any actions with respect to the State of Tennessee based on this information included in the RADARS system newsletter?

Q. So is it fair to say that you don't know whether Mallinckrodt took any steps with respect to diversion in Tennessee after learning that a RADARS newsletter identified Tennessee as the Number 1 state at risk for abuse, misuse, and/or diversion based on one measurement?

Q. You can answer.

Q. And I take it based on your answer you can't, as we sit here today, identify an action that Mallinckrodt took based on this newsletter that is Exhibit 9 to this deposition?

Q. And can you tell me more broadly if you can identify any action that Mallinckrodt took with respect to any Navippro or RADARS data that identified Tennessee as at risk for abuse or diversion of opioids?

Q. You can answer.

Q. I'll just repeat the question. Can you tell me if you can identify any action that Mallinckrodt took with respect to any Navippro or RADARS data that identified Tennessee as at risk for abuse or diversion of plaids?

Q. You mentioned earlier that you thought that it may have been that some of RADARS information was used in reports to the FDA. Did I remember that correct?

Q. Is it fair to say that if Mallinckrodt used RADARS data in a report to the FDA, that it assumed that the RADARS data was reliable?

Q. Well, if in fact we were to find that Mallinckrodt used RADARS data in its reports made to the Food and Drug Administration, can't we assume that Mallinckrodt believed that RADARS data was reliable?

Q. So you think it's possible Mallinckrodt would have sent unreliable data to the FDA?

Q. Can you pull out Exhibit 1, please? And do you see Topic 2 -- or Topic Number 1?

Q. And do you see that the second sentence of Topic Number 1 says this topic includes knowledge of diversion derived from RADARS and Navippro?

Q. And you're the witness that is here to speak on that?

Q. This is just what I'm going to make sure. You have discussed these RADARS and Navippro documents but have been unwilling to identify RADARS and Navippro as either reliable or unreliable; fair?

Q. So the best way for us to figure out whether or not -- well, strike that. I take that that -- that based on your testimony, we can expect that nobody in the company will later be found to testify that data from RADARS or Navippro is unreliable; fair?

Q. What does reliable mean to you?

Q. Maybe this is a way to clarify this. So I take it you would agree we've looked at reports generated by Inflexxion with Navippro data today; fair?

Q. Like Exhibit 2, you might want to look at it, is a Navippro report?

Q. And point is, that's an example of Mallinckrodt using Navippro data for a particular purpose; fair?

Q. So the point is, in that case when we say that Mallinckrodt has requested Navippro data, we can recognize Mallinckrodt is using that data to measure whatever it is that's in the report -- for example, in Exhibit 2?

Q. Point is we can look at the document and see that at least with respect to Exhibit 2, Mallinckrodt ordered information from Inflexxion and Navippro to establish abuse rates; fair?

Q. And similarly, we've seen that Mallinckrodt ordered RADARS reports to establish at least for certain quarters certain abuse and diversion rates for hydrocodone and oxycodone?

Q. Fair?

Q. And we can -- the best thing -- because the reason I'm getting to this is we and the jury at trial will have to look at RADARS and Navipprc information, and I take it what you're saying is if -- to figure out what Mallinckrodt is using RADARS and Navippro for has to be looked at in the context of a particular report that has been received; is that fair?

Q. And so if we see that Mallinckrodt has, for example, used a report to identify abuse and diversion to a fellow government official, then at least we know that Mallinckrodt thought it was reliable enough to provide to a government official; fair?

Q. Is there anybody at Mallinckrodt that we could talk to that would have a better knowledge than you about the reliability of this Navippro and RADARS data?

Q. I'm going to hand you a document that's Exhibit 10. Do you see that you have in front of you Exhibit 10, and that at the bottom right-hand corner you have a Bates Number MNK-T1-0006314936? [Exhibit 10 marked for identification.]

Q. And do you see that it is an e-mail from Preston Walker to a series of people sent in February 2011?

Q. And do you see that he states Bobby and I were asked to put together a training module for the upcoming advanced sales training, please review the attached presentation and return comments to me by close of business on Tuesday, 2-15-11. Do you see that?

Q. And then do you see attached to that is a Mallinckrodt training document?

Q. And why don't you turn to the third page of the presentation titled "Terminology"?

Q. And do you see that it defines misuse, abuse, and addiction, among other terms?

Q. And then can you turn to Page 18 of the document? Do you see that?

Q. And it's entitled "Abuse, Misuse, and Diversion." Do you see that?

Q. And do you see that it defines programs and reporting period?

Q. And talks about a drug diversion program? Do you see that?

Q. And the point is, do you see at the very bottom of the page he identifies the source fcr these programs as the RADARS system third quarter 2010?

Q. So here in a Mallinckrodt sales training presentation, they're relying on RADARS system third quarter 2010 information?

Q. Well, turn to the next page. Do you see that in the next page of this same document -- and it's Page 19 at the bottom left-hand corner -- do you see that?

Q. Do you see again it's entitled "Abuse, Misuse, and Diversion"?

Q. Do you see it defines a signal site -- a signal site is defined as any three-digit ZIP code which meets or exceeds its signal threshold for any given drug in any given quarter? Signal thresholds are defined as the following, drug diversion, 5 cases per 100,000 population?

Q. I mean, that's RADARS system information; fair?

Q. And in fact, we read about signal sites and three-digit ZIP codes in the RADARS reports that you've already reviewed; correct?

Q. So here again, this exhibit, Exhibit 10 that you're looking at, is an example of Mallinckrodt personnel using RADARS -- a RADARS report in its normal course of business; fair?

Q. I take it -- I mean, do Mallinckrodt officials use inaccurate or unreliable information in their training materials as a general rule?

Q. You can answer.

Q. Well, you say that, but actually if you look -- for example -- you said here. You're looking at Page 19 of this report that's Exhibit 10?

Q. I mean, it's not confusing, is it? They're saying a -- they're defining a signal site; fair?

Q. I don't think -- I'm not trying to be mysterious. I just want to make sure it's clear when the jury is looking at this that this document, Exhibit 10, is just an example of Mallinckrodt officials using RADARS information.

Q. But they were using the RADARS information; fair?

Q. You can answer.

Q. Well, the point is they're identifying a RADARS report in this report that's Exhibit 10?

Q. And they're identifying information in a RADARS report just as a part of this PowerPoint that's Exhibit 10?

Q. Let me ask you, sir. Is there any reason it took so long just to establish that in Exhibit 10 Mallinckrodt's using RADARS information? Is that really -- that's really not controversial, is it?

Q. Let me hand you Exhibit 11. [Exhibit 11 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you recognize that document?

Q. What is it?

Q. And is this a book that was ever distributed by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And what was that program?

Q. And what was Cares Alliance?

Q. And when was the book that is Exhibit 11 distributed through Cares Alliance?

Q. And what was that that time period?

Q. And who would have received the book "Defeat Chronic Pain Now" from the Cares Alliance?

Q. And this book went to doctors, nurse practitioners, physicians' assistants; is that fair?

Q. Well, health care practitioners was your term. What health care practitioners are you talking about?

Q. And you stated that Mallinckrodt sponsored the distribution of this book through Cares Alliance. How did that happen?

Q. And did you provide funding for Cares Alliance -- did Mallinckrodt?

Q. And "Defeat Chronic Pain Now" -- how did Cares Alliance distribute that book?

Q. And was it a nationally-distributed book?

Q. So it would have been available in Tennessee?

Q. And did anyone keep a list of each health care provider that ended up with a copy of "Defeat Chronic Pain Now"?

Q. Who is in charge of the Cares Alliance?

Q. Do you know how many copies of "Defeat Chronic Pain Now" were distributed?

Q. Who would know that?

Q. What did -- what information about Cares Alliance did Mallinckrodt track?

Q. You can answer.

Q. Let's look at the book itself. Can you turn to Page 174?

Q. Do you see that Page 174 has a headline "Who's Appropriate For Opioid Medication"?

Q. Do you see it says it's currently recommended that every chronic pain patient suffering from moderate to severe pain be viewed as a potential candidate for opioid therapy?

Q. So that's one of the messages that was delivered by this book, "Defeat Chronic Pain Now"?

Q. Is that Mallinckrodt's view today, that every chronic pain patient suffering from moderate to severe pain should be viewed as a potential candidate for opioid therapy?

Q. I understand, but that wasn't my question. My question was today, in 2020, is it Mallinckrodt's view that every chronic pain patient suffering from moderate to severe pain should be viewed as a potential candidate for opioid therapy?

Q. You can answer it.

Q. So Mallinckrodt believes that Mallinckrodt itself has no responsibility for determining the appropriate treatment of chronic pain through opioid therapy?

Q. Yes, but I want to know, does Mallinckrodt as a company that distributes opioid drugs believe that it has a responsibility to determine the appropriate basis whereby such drugs should be prescribed for chronic pain?

Q. You can answer.

Q. And does Mallinckrodt not believe that it has a position with respect to the proper standard for the treatment of chronic pain?

Q. You can answer.

Q. Yeah, but you said earlier Mallinckrodt has at different times had sales people contacting medical providers; fair?

Q. I mean, for example, in 2014 you had -- Mallinckrodt had salespeople that were contacting medical providers to address, among other drugs, Exalgo; fair?

Q. And were those salespeople as part of their duties empowered to talk to the medical providers about the qualities of Exalgo, a Mallinckrodt product?

Q. And wasn't part of the education that they were supposedly providing -- strike that. Wasn't part of the education they were providing information about the proper use of Mallinckrodt drugs for the treatment of chronic pain?

Q. So are you saying that Mallinckrcdt salespeople were not ever told whether or not there were particular proper uses for Mallinckrodt drugs with respect to the treatment of chronic pain?

Q. Yes, let me just say because we've had a lot of scope objections -- it's really objection to the form. I mean, one of the topics in this case that this witness is here to testify on is Mallinckrodt's sales practices and targeting practices in Tennessee from January 1, 2006, to the present.

Q. Now, back to the question. Here's my difficulty, sir. I asked you what I thought was a pretty simple, straightforward question. I'm going to ask it again; okay? First of all, does Mallinckrodt today have

Q. Well, here's my question. Here in "Defeat Chronic Pain Now," I mean, a position has been taken; fair? The position stated in this book is it's currently recommended that every chronic pain patient suffering from moderate to severe pain be viewed as a potential candidate for opioid therapy. Do you see that?

Q. A position which Mallinckrodt contributed to the distribution of; fair?

Q. And so if Mallinckrodt -- if a book sponsored by Mallinckrodt took the position back in 2010, how come Mallinckrodt through you as its corporate representative not willing to tell me what its position on that issue is today?

Q. So Mallinckrodt had the position about the proper treatment of chronic pain in 2010, but doesn't have one today?

Q. But you sponsored the book?

Q. Let's turn to the next page, Page 175. Do you see that 175 has a headline "Do Opioids Cause Addictions in Chronic Pain Patients"?

Q. And why don't you read that entire paragraph into the record?

Q. Now, turn to the next page, Page 176. Do you see that there is a paragraph that starts "by definition"?

Q. And do you see that there's a sentence that says when chronic pain patients take opicids to treat their pain, that they rarely develop a true addiction and drug craving?

Q. Today does Mallinckrodt take the position that when chronic pain patients take plaids to treat their pain, they rarely develop a true addiction and drug craving?

Q. When Mallinckrodt distributes materials, does it believe it has responsibility to have materials that give proper information?

Q. Well, let's talk about this material right here. Did Mallinckrodt feel it had any responsibility to ensure that the statements made in the book "Defeat Chronic Pain Now" reflected good medical science?

Q. But the question I had was did Mallinckrodt believe that it had a responsibility to ensure that the statements made in the book "Defeat Chronic Pain Now" were true?

Q. So your testimony is today as a corporate representative of Mallinckrodt that Mallinckrodt did not stand behind the representations made in the book "Defeat Chronic Pain Now"?

Q. So the point is, you said Mallinckrodt sponsored the Cares Alliance, but Mallinckrodt felt it had no responsibility to ensure that Cares Alliance was distributing true and accurate information?

Q. And your involvement did not extend to making sure that the statements that were made in the Care Alliance's book "Defeat Chronic Pain Now" were true?

Q. So the point is, if there was a doctor that received the book "Defeat Chronic Pain Ncw" and relied on it, relied on the statements in that book, Mallinckrodt's view was that's not Mallinckrodt's problem?

Q. And it sounds like your testimony is no one at Mallinckrodt took responsibility for ensuring that that group, when it was producing a large book for health care providers, ensured that the book had true information in it; fair?

Q. Now, that book -- why don't you hand me that book so we can show it to the jury real quick? We have a screen here. So this is the book we're talking about that's Exhibit 11; fair.

Q. "Defeat Chronic Pain Now"?

Q. I mean, it's a -- let me figure. It's a book -- it's about a half-inch thick.

Q. I mean, it's a permanent book that could still be on the shelf of a doctor somewhere; correct?

Q. So today if a doctor is looking to prescribe opioids to somebody and they look at this book and there's a false statement in it, it sounds like your testimony is Mallinckrodt has no responsibility for that false statement?

Q. What's the answer?

Q. Well, the point is if the physician opens the book up, they're about to prescribe opioids for a chronic pain patient and they look at Page 176 and they read when chronic pain patients take plaids to treat their pain, they rarely develop a true addiction and drug craving -- I think your testimony is today Mallinckrodt does not -- did not take steps to ensure that that sort of statement was accurate?

Q. And similarly, you see here there's a section called "Pseudoaddiction Because of a Low Dose"? Do you see that?

Q. And it starts with sometimes chronic pain patients may develop something called pseudoaddiction, which is caused by their doctor not appropriately prescribing opioid medication. Do you see that?

Q. So if a physician is reading about the concept of pseudoaddiction in this book, that's a concept at least with respect to this book that Mallinckrodt didn't evaluate when this book was published; fair?

Q. Let me hand you the next exhibit. Do you have a document in front cf you that is marked Exhibit 12? [Exhibit 12 marked for identification.]

Q. And do you see that it has a Bates number MNK-TNSTA-04825254?

Q. And do you recognize this document?

Q. What is it?

Q. And you see it's put out by the American Society of Pain Educators?

Q. And is that a piece of material that Mallinckrodt distributes?

Q. And do you know the time period that Mallinckrodt made this particular item, Exhibit 12, available?

Q. Do you -- and for this item, Exhibit 12, is this the sort of an item that would be delivered -- distributed nationally by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And how would it be -- how would an item like this be made available at a trade show? How would that actually happen?

Q. And typically what sort of people would be attending the trade shows where an item like Exhibit 12 would be made available?

Q. So pharmacists would have received -- the pharmacist would have been the target of this piece of material that is Exhibit 12?

Q. Now, Mallinckrodt is distributing Exhibit 12 called "Guidelines Pocket Card." Is this an exhibit that Mallinckrodt -- let me step back from that. Is the pocket card, the guidelines pocket card that's Exhibit 12, one where Mallinckrodt would have vetted the statements made within the document for accuracy?

Q. Well, I mean, would Mallinckrodt have distributed a pocket card like Exhibit 12 if it contained false statements in Mallinckrodt's view?

Q. I guess what I asked you is a little different question, is would Mallinckrodt distribute materials like Exhibit 12 if it contained statements that were untrue?

Q. Let me turn your attention to the second page of the document, which is marked with a Bates number that ends 5256. Do you see that? Or I guess the third page of the document.

Q. Do you see that there is a table, Table 7, analgesic tolerance, dependance, and addiction?

Q. And do you see at the bottom there's a statement, pseudoaddiction?

Q. Do you see that the statement says drug-seeking behavior focused on pain relief due to undertreatment of pain?

Q. That's the definition?

Q. And do you see that under the comments section, it says behavior normalizes with adequate analgesia?

Q. And what's being said here is that patients that exhibit drug-seeking behavior, cften they can be -- or at times they can be cured of their pseudoaddiction by giving them more opioids?

Q. And the point is, I think we just said the same thing, didn't we? What you're saying is, is that drug-seeking behavior can be caused by not having enough opioids?

Q. Tell me what you did say.

Q. What's the undertreatment of pain?

Q. For example, not giving them enough of a drug; fair?

Q. Well, if a patient is receiving opioid therapy and they're undertreated, isn't that suggesting that they need more of the opioid?

Q. Today does -- in 2020 does Mallinckrodt take a position as to whether pseudoaddiction is a legitimate scientific principal?

Q. Well, what about pseudoaddiction? Does Mallinckrodt today take a position that pseudoaddiction is a legitimate scientific concept?

Q. Well, let's look back to this document that's Exhibit 12 entitled "The Guidelines Pocket Card," okay? Mallinckrodt distributed this at trade shows; fair?

Q. And these would have been trade shows that had people from all over the country? Is that how they worked?

Q. And so here, this item that you're -- that Mallinckrodt is distributing contains a description of pseudoaddiction? Do you see that?

Q. So what was Mallinckrodt's position as to the validity of pseudoaddiction as a concept back when the concept was included in these materials that are Exhibit 12?

Q. It was not -- the content of the pocket card, including the description of pseudoaddiction, was not the responsibility of Mallinckrodt, is what you're saying?

Q. Let me hand you another document, Exhibit 13. [Exhibit 13 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see in front of you Exhibit 13?

Q. What is that document?

Q. And so learning system module -- let me clear something up, by the way. Can you look at the last page of Exhibit 12 and tell me the copyright date on that exhibit?

Q. So you figure that document was distributed at some point during or after 2008?

Q. Now let's turn back to two thousand -- to Exhibit 13. Can you tell me who would be trained using the module that is Exhibit 13?

Q. So this module is used to show the salespeople information that they can use as they're out talking to providers, medical providers?

Q. Well, okay, let's peel that back. Exhibit 13 is a module designed to be used in sales training? Is that your testimony?

Q. And with respect to Exalgo?

Q. And do you see on the third page of the document, which has a Bates number of 5704, there's a 2010 copyright?

Q. And I think you've already testified Exalgo -- the marketing for Exalgo began in 2010?

Q. And then it continued through 2015, 2016; fair?

Q. And so these materials -- this module was used to train the salespeople who were going to go out and detail or sell Exalgo?

Q. And turn to Page 21 of the document, which is marked Bates Number 5729.

Q. And do you see that there's this -- this has a Number 2, and it's entitled "Opioids in Clinical Use"?

Q. That's correct.

Q. Why don't you -- do you see there's a paragraph that says "in contrast"?

Q. Do you see it begins that?

Q. Read that into the record, the whole paragraph, please.

Q. So all the salespeople who were to go out and talk to providers about Exalgo were trained according to these materials, this module?

Q. And what the salespeople were trained to know is in fact -- and I'm quoting -- in fact, while most patients chronically taking opioids for medical reasons develop tolerance and physical dependence, the risk of addiction is low; fair?

Q. And today does Mallinckrodt believe that while most patients chronically taking opioids for medical reasons develop tolerance and physical dependence, the risk of addiction is low?

Q. But Mallinckrodt told its salespeople that the risk of addiction is low. Did Mallinckrodt understand or expect that its salespeople would pass that message on to medical providers?

Q. So your testimony today, sir, is that you have a module that you used to train your salespeople to sell Exalgo and you told your salespeople that the risk of addiction is low with respect to opioids, but you didn't expect them to pass that message on to the physicians, nurse practitioners, and physicians' assistants that they were talking to?

Q. Go ahead and answer.

Q. So just so we're clear, your testimony is that when you told the salespeople that the risk of addiction is low, your -- being Mallinckrodt's -- expectation was that they wouldn't tell that to medical providers that they were paid to go visit?

Q. Well, why would Mallinckrodt tell sales trainees that in fact while most patients chronically taking opioids for medical reasons develop tolerance and physical dependence the risk of addiction is low, if not to provide them information to give to medical providers?

Q. What's the answer?

Q. Is this another statement -- this statement, the risk of addiction is low -- that Mallinckrodt doesn't stand by even in 2010 when it made the statement to its salespeople?

Q. Well, let me just make sure I understand what you just said. In 2010 when this document was produced, did Mallinckrodt believe that the statement in fact, while most patients chronically taking opioids for medical reasons develop tolerance and physical dependence, the risk of addiction is low -- did it believe that statement was true at the time?

Q. I've sent you a statement that Mallinckrodt passed on to its salespeople back in 2010, the risk of addiction is low. Have I given you every opportunity here today to tell the jury whether Mallinckrodt thought that statement was true or false?

Q. Do you think people in Tennessee whose children have died of opioid overdoses would be disappointed that Mallinckrodt told its salespeople the risk of addiction is low and now Mallinckrodt won't even say whether that statement was true or false when made?

Q. Go ahead and look at Exhibit 14. Do you see you've got a document in front of you with an Exhibit Sticker 14?

Q. And let me give you Exhibits 15 and 16 as well. [Exhibit 15 marked for identification.] [Exhibit 16 marked for identification.]

Q. And do you see Exhibit 14 has the Bates Number MNK-TNSTA-08563896?

Q. And do you see that Exhibit 15 has a Bates number and it -- well, a Bates number that ends because it's covered -- it runs into some other type, with the number 139627?

Q. And Exhibit 16, the Bates runs over the confidential indicator, but it looks like it ends in 47, the Bates number; is that fair?

Q. Exhibit 14 -- let me turn your attention to that. Do you see this document in front of you entitled "Pocket Guide, Pain With Appropriate Use of 0pioids"?

Q. And this is a document, Exhibit 14, that Mallinckrodt distributed?

Q. Let's turn to Exhibit 15. Do you see that Exhibit 15 is a pocket guide for managing pain with appropriate use cf opioids?

Q. And is this a document, Exhibit 15, that Mallinckrodt distributed?

Q. Let's look at Exhibit 16. Do you see that Exhibit 16 is a pain management pocket card set?

Q. Is this a document that Mallinckrodt distributed?

Q. And again, these are these trade shows where -- were these trade shows for physicians or for pharmacists or both?

Q. And would trade shows be available to pharmacists from all across the country?

Q. And at national trade shows you have pharmacists from all across the country; fair?

Q. You don't exclude pharmacists from Tennessee or any other particular state from these national trade shows, I take it?

Q. Do you see that for Exhibit 16, the date on the exhibit is 2014? It's down at the bottom of the front page?

Q. And do you see -- it's 2014. Do you know how long Mallinckrodt distributed the pain management pocket card set that's Exhibit 16?

Q. So starting in 2014, but we don't know if it went to the present date or what; is that fair?

Q. Sometime after 2014, I take it?

Q. Do you see that the very first statement under the heading general approach to pain management is always ask patient about the presence of pain and accept the patient's report of pain?

Q. Is it Mallinckrodt's position in 2020 that good medical practice requires a medical provider to accept a patient's report of pain?

Q. When this was published, this document that's Exhibit 16, when this was published, did Mallinckrodt have a position on whether the statement always ask a patient about the presence of pain and accept the patient's report of pain was reflective of good medical science?

Q. What about this statement -- do you see at the bottom a statement that says -- under monitor -- addiction rarely occurs unless there's a history of abuse?

Q. And is Mallinckrodt's position today with respect to general approach to pain management that addiction rarely occurs unless there's a history of abuse?

Q. So when Mallinckrodt was distributing the document that's Exhibit 16 in 2014, did it have a position as to whether the statement -- quote -- addiction rarely occurs unless there's a history of abuse -- close quote -- was true or false?

Q. So Mallinckrodt didn't have an independent position -- its own position on whether addiction rarely occurs unless there's a history of abuse?

Q. I'm going to hand you another document. Do you see this is a document that is Exhibit 17, and it's got a Bates number below it, MNK-TNSTA 02106445? [Exhibit 17 marked for identification.]

Q. And do you see that it's a February 20th, 2012, e-mail from JoAnna Schooner to a series of people?

Q. Who is JoAnna Schooler?

Q. And do you see that she's passing around a Milwaukee Journal article to a number of people who work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. You can answer.

Q. Go ahead and answer the question.

Q. And can you turn to the second page, which is marked with a Bates number 6446?

Q. And do you see that there's a section entitled "The Pendulum Swings Back"?

Q. Do you see that there's a statement, "Even doctors who have financial relationships with the companies that make narcotic painkillers concede that the practice of pain medicine got ahead of the science. Lynn Webster, M.D., a Utah pain specialist who's worked as a consultant and advisor to most of the companies in the opioid analgesic market said the pain community got some of it wrong. Quote, we overshot our mark, all well-intended, I believe, close quote, said Webster. An officer of the American Academy of Pain Medicine said in an interview quote, we certainly have a lot of reverse education that needs to occur, close quote." Do you see that?

Q. And Mallinckrodt -- has Mallinckrodt hired Lynn Webster?

Q. And do you see that Lynn -- that this article lists misconceptions, and the first misconception is the risk of addiction is low in patients who obtain their narcotic painkillers legitimately?

Q. So do you see there's another misconception listed, which is people who seek more frequent prescriptions or higher doses of the drugs aren't addicts; they are pseudo-addicts who just need more pain relief and more plaids? Do you see that?

Q. Do you know if the distribution of this material at Mallinckrodt led Mallinckrodt to reconsider some of the statements it had made in materials distributed to pharmacists and others?

Q. Has anybody at Mallinckrodt gone back to talk to Dr. Webster to say have any of our statements that we've made been untrue such that we need to do a lot of reverse education?

Q. We've reviewed a series of materials starting with the book "Defeat Chronic Pain Ncw" today, and looked at some statements made. Do you recall that testimony?

Q. With respect to all of those materials, has Mallinckrodt ever sent out a corrective document to any health care provider in Tennessee saying statements we made in these materials were false?

Q. But has Mallinckrodt ever sent a letter or other communication to doctors saying that our statements made in the materials reviewed today about addiction were inaccurate?

Q. Has Mallinckrodt ever issued a statement saying pseudoaddiction is a false concept that is not scientifically-grounded?

Q. Is Herbert Newman, who is on the document that is Exhibit 17 -- is he -- was he the chief medical officer of Mallinckrodt?

Q. Fair to say that as of this e-mail in February 20th, 2012, when your chief medical officer received this article that Mallinckrodt was on notice that a number of statements it had been making were viewed as misconceptions?

Q. Are you aware of any meeting that ever occurred at Mallinckrodt in which the topic was whether Mallinckrodt's statements regarding addiction in its published materials were accurate or false?

Q. Are you aware of any meetings in which the topic was at Mallinckrodt whether Mallinckrodt's published statements regarding the concept of pseudoaddiction were false or misleading?

Q. Can you turn to Exhibit 1, pull cut Exhibit 1? That's the notice. And can you turn to Page 7 of the notice, to Topic 3?

Q. That's a topic you're here to address?

Q. Can you read that into the record?

Q. Can you tell me in general terms, do you recall -- strike that. Do you recall talking about the fact that Mallinckrodt had sales teams with respect to Exalgo.

Q. Mallinckrodt had salespeople in the United States that sold, among other drugs, Exalgo?

Q. And what was the time frame for the selling of Exalgo again?

Q. Can you tell me how -- what does a sales representative do for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And how do sales representatives go about talking to prescribers?

Q. And would sales representatives visit prescribers in person?

Q. And when you talk about information and materials, would Mallinckrodt get a record of any materials dropped off with a provider?

Q. Do you know what sort of reporting was required of a Mallinckrodt salesperson with respect to

Q. Would a person who could provide that information be a Mallinckrodt salesperson?

Q. Are you aware of any way in which a Mallinckrodt salesperson would memorialize a personal visit to a prescriber?

Q. Have you learned that in preparation for this deposition?

Q. Would Mallinckrodt salespeople create call notes?

Q. Would they create a call note after every visit to a prescriber?

Q. Were sales practices for Mallinckrodt uniform for the whole country, or were there particular areas where sales practices were modified?

Q. So the salespeople in Tennessee would convey the same message as salespeople in California or elsewhere in the United States?

Q. And the activities of salespeople in Tennessee reflected national sales practices of Endo -- pardon me. Strike that. And the activities of Mallinckrodt salespeople in Tennessee would reflect the national sales practices of the company Mallinckrodt; is that fair?

Q. Was the compensation of salespeople in Tennessee based on the same system as compensation for Mallinckrodt salespeople throughout the United States?

Q. How are salespeople from Mallinckrodt compensated?

Q. Let's take 2014-2015 time frame. How were Mallinckrodt salespeople compensated during that time?

Q. So they received a bonus based on sales targets?

Q. And would they receive bonuses quarterly?

Q. How did sales targets get communicated to salespeople within Mallinckrodt in the 2014-2015 time frame?

Q. And what would they do -- what wculd a salesperson then do with his or her list of targets?

Q. Sure. Once a salesperson was assigned a list of targets, what would the salesperson do to increase sales by those targets?

Q. Let me pull that back. Once a salesperson received a list of medical providers who were targeted, what activities would a salesperson use to interact with the target medical providers?

Q. Would Mallinckrodt salespeople provide lunch for target prescribers and their employees?

Q. You talk about a consistent message. Would salespeople obtain the message for a particular sales call with a prescriber from Mallinckrodt via an e-mail?

Q. Would the messaging be delivered to salespeople through an iPad?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt salespeople detail pharmacies in addition to prescribers?

Q. Would pharmacies in addition to providers appear on the target lists given to salespeople?

Q. But would an individual salesperson typically within Mallinckrodt have a list of pharmacies to visit and a list of providers to visit?

Q. Did salespeople for Mallinckrodt ever use savings cards as a sales tool with targeted providers?

Q. And so the sales representatives in the latter case would give the savings cards to prescribers who could then hand them out to patients?

Q. And what would a patient -- how would a patient benefit -- strike that. How would a patient benefit from receiving

Q. Did Mallinckrodt salespeople use speaker programs to enhance their interaction with targeted providers?

Q. And to you what is a speaker program?

Q. Did salespeople have wall displays that they would give providers?

Q. What other typical items would salespeople leave behind, if any, with providers that were on their target lists?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt salespeople ever sponsor continuing medical education programs for targeted providers?

Q. What about conferences? Would salespeople go to conferences where the pharmacists and medical providers were in attendance?

Q. At the industry conferences that Mallinckrodt salespeople attended, would there be providers around?

Q. I'm going to hand you a document marked Exhibit 18. [Exhibit 18 marked for identification.]

Q. I see that the Bates number is cut off. Let me identify it by the e-mail at the top. Do you see that there's an e-mail from Kim Kiger to Karen Degan dated 7-28-2014?

Q. And do you see it's entitled re incentive compensation in Q4 targeting communication?

Q. Do you see it forwards an e-mail from -- or rather, responds to an e-mail from Karen Degan dated on the same day?

Q. And do you see that Karen Degan sends a whole series of people an e-mail that says team, please review and feel free to call with any questions. We will discuss the meeting on Thursday if there are any questions. This is the best opportunity to make money. Ensure you call on every writer during the launch and get them to write at least one script in Q4. Remember, 16 writers equals 65 per script, and the district with the most writers wins a trip. Do you see that?

Q. Who is Karen Degan? Do you know?

Q. And so she's a sales manager, and she's sending this information out to her team?

Q. And can you turn to the next page of this e-mail? And do you see at the top of this page there's

Q. And do you see that it states Inventive will be holding a conference call at 11:00 AM EST tomorrow, and that's the time Tom Bonk will be sharing with the Inventive team highlights -- the highlights of their plan?

Q. Do you know what Inventive is --

Q. So Inventive had third-party contract representatives who would perform sales calls for Mallinckrodt products?

Q. So during this time period, July 2014, Mallinckrodt had its own employee sales representatives, and then it also retained Inventive, which had its own sales force?

Q. And the Inventive team -- they sold Mallinckrodt products for Mallinckrodt; fair?

Q. Do you see there's another line on this e-mail, targeting?

Q. And it says targets will be sent out to the field this Monday from sales operations?

Q. Is sales operations the component of Mallinckrodt that would create the target list?

Q. And would salespeople get target lists every week, every month, or during some other interval?

Q. What about goals? What sort of goals did salespeople have to obtain -- attain? Excuse me.

Q. And where are the goals articulated? What sort of documents would tell a salesperson at Mallinckrodt what his or her goals were?

Q. So when individual reps received their statement of target providers, they would also receive

Q. How did -- did the goals typically include

Q. How did Mallinckrodt determine the level of prescriptions that created the goal for a given salesperson?

Q. So some of the names for that data are IMS Health data; is that fair?

Q. And IQVIA data -- I-Q-U-V-I-A data?

Q. And Wolters Kluwer data?

Q. Are all three of those names names for this data that shows what prescribers are prescribing?

Q. Have you -- and you've heard of IQVIA Xponent data?

Q. And that's more of this data that demonstrates what prescribers are prescribing in a given area?

Q. And is one of the capabilities of IQVIA Xponent data showing what prescription for Mallinckrodt products and competing products are written by a particular prescriber for a particular time period?

Q. So the point is some prescriptions may be written but not filled, and it doesn't keep track of those?

Q. What IQVIA Xponent data does show is the prescriptions filled in a given area and what they were filled for with respect to which drug; fair?

Q. So with IQVIA Xponent data, a manager at Mallinckrodt could see that a given salesperson's interactions with a particular prescriber correlated to the prescriber prescribing more Mallinckrodt products?

Q. So for a given prescriber, could Mallinckrodt look at IQVIA Xponent data and see that the prescriber is prescribing certain levels cf Mallinckrodt opioid products?

Q. Right, so for a given year you could look at a given doctor in Morristown, Tennessee, for example, and using Xponent data identify all cf the prescriptions for Roxicodone, for example, that that doctor prescribed for a given time period; fair?

Q. And the dispensed prescriptions would be broken down by product such that you could see how much OxyContin, how much oxycodone, et cetera, et cetera, the particular prescriber had prescribed; fair?

Q. And did Mallinckrodt have IQVIA data or equivalent data from the period, say, 2010 forward?

Q. What about from 2014 to the present date, 2020? Did Mallinckrodt acquire IQVIA data, Xponent data, or the equivalent during that period?

Q. And it sounds like from Xponent data, I could -- or strike that. Is this correct that Mallinckrodt for a given year -- say, 2012 -- could, using Xponent IQVIA data, identify all of the prescriptions for opioids written by providers and filled in a given county for that year.

Q. So Mallinckrodt would make the choice to try to obtain prescribing data for certain drugs but not other drugs for a given time period; is that fair?

Q. And I guess the point is, Mallinckrodt had the ability to acquire data for its own opioid products and competing opioid products to determine the filled prescriptions for those products in a given county; fair?

Q. Well, and I -- first let's just break it down. So Mallinckrodt could use IQVIA data to show prescribing behavior within a particular geographic area; is that fair?

Q. Use.

Q. So for example, one could look at Sullivan County, Tennessee, and use IQVIA data to determine this is how many Exalgo prescriptions were written and filled for a given time period in that county; fair?

Q. And does IQVIA data allow Mallinckrodt to rank prescribers by volume of prescriptions prescribed?

Q. Let me give you a document that's marked Exhibit 19. [Exhibit 19 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see Exhibit 19 -- I see the Bates number is cut off -- is an e-mail from Craig Capwell to Kevin Becker dated September 4th, 2009?

Q. And do you see that he says, Kev, I'm not happy either with the client businesses this week, but at least Tennessee business was down in my territory as well. Dr. Roman was out most of the week and produced a zero for me for the first time ever I believe where I would have increased, quote, share, close quote, over a previous week, question mark. Do you see that?

Q. So here -- is this a salesperson looking at IQVIA data to view what a particular doctor had prescribed with respect to the products that the salesperson's responsible for?

Q. Did salespeople at Mallinckrodt from 2010 forward have access to the IQVIA data with respect to their particular targets?

Q. And would they review that generally on a weekly basis?

Q. Was the data generally available such that salespeople could look at it whenever they wanted to to see how their sales practices were having an effect?

Q. Do you see that on the exhibit you're looking at -- do you see that the exhibit is entitled "Weekly Tracker"?

Q. And so would they receive -- I'm talking about Exhibit 19. Do you recall salespeople receiving weekly tracker reports with IQVIA data?

Q. Is there a specific level of sales that a salesperson had to achieve with respect to sales goals to get a particular bonus? [The requested portion of the transcript was read by the reporter.]

Q. And would there be a document sent to the salesperson saying you have to meet this metric to get this amount of bonus?

Q. In particular they would know how many prescriptions had to be made for a particular product to meet sales goals?

Q. Do you know of a time ever in Mallinckrodt when number of prescriptions was not a component of calculation of a salesperson's bonus?

Q. Fair to say that the compensation and designs that you were familiar with all included a number of prescriptions issued as one of the measurements of performance for a salesperson?

Q. Well, but you can't say with certainty that you have ever seen a sales doc -- sales goal document that didn't include prescriptions; fair?

Q. Well, but I take it that you'd agree that generally speaking sales performance in Mallinckrodt involved a calculation of prescriptions issued by target prescribers; is that fair?

Q. Let me hand you another document, Exhibit 20. [Exhibit 20 marked for identification.]

Q. Is Exhibit 20 an e-mail from Eric Hichman to Paul Jones dated April 19th, 2013?

Q. And do you see that he states -- Eric Hichman -- first of all, do you know who Eric Hichman was?

Q. And so you believe that Eric Hichman was a Mallinckrodt sales representative; fair?

Q. And do you see he says from this spreadsheet it looks like I'm nailing my top targets with my region frequency?

Q. And he says if you will notice with my five to seven targets, there was a dramatic increase in R and F after we agreed that I need to be spending more time in Johnson City, which I have been doing. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what R and F means?

Q. And do you see he says in March I was at 2.96, which rounded up as right at three. So do you know what the numbers refer to, 2.96?

Q. Do you say he is responding -- Eric is responding to an e-mail from Mr. Jones in which Mr. Jones says in his second observation attached is a new report that shows your frequency on your Exalgo eight to 10 and five to seven. Remember your goal is to see the eight to 10 three times per month and the five to seven at least two times. While many of you came up short this goal -- of this goal, and Bill is wanting me to explain. Do you see that?

Q. So do you know if Paul Jones was a supervisor in the Mallinckrodt sales force in April of 2013?

Q. And how would we figure that out?

Q. Who is the head of the sales team for Mallinckrodt as a whole during the period surrounding April 19th, 2013?

Q. When he says -- and I'm talking about Paul Jones -- it shows your frequency on Exalgo eight to 10 and five to seven, what is he referring to -- eight to 10?

Q. And do you see -- is he talking about deciles, or physicians ranked in deciles?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt rank providers -- by which I mean physicians -- nurse practitioners, physician assistants who can prescribe -- did Mallinckrodt rank them by decile?

Q. And did the deciles -- were the deciles designed to distinguish prescribers that prescribed large amounts of opioids as opposed to smaller amounts?

Q. So the deciles would -- doctors would be put -- strike that. So prescribers would be put in deciles, basically ranking them as potential targets, with 10 being the most likely to be a good target and one being the least?

Q. Who would create the deciles within Mallinckrodt?

Q. And during the 2013-2014 time frame, who is setting the deciles, breaking down prescribers by likelihood of -- strike that. Who is setting the deciles during 2014 time frame for Mallinckrodt with respect to prescriber targets?

Q. If it was done internally, the creation of the deciles, what group would do that within Mallinckrodt, setting the deciles by prescriber?

Q. And I don't know if you said this. Who was in charge of the sales operation team in 2013?

Q. Let me hand you a document marked Exhibit 21. [Exhibit 21 marked for identification.]

Q. And do you see it's an e-mail frcm Gavin McGowan to a series of people? Do you see that?

Q. And do you see that the e-mail's dated February 4th, 2013?

Q. And was Gavin McGowan -- strike that. Was Gavin McGowan a sales manager for Mallinckrodt in February 2013?

Q. Is it clear from this document that he was

Q. Do you see that he sends the message, Team Pittsburgh, great advice from KD. One additional tip, make the additional two calls on your most important targets, eight to 10 deciles. Write 24 prescriptions for every one prescription a one- to four-decile doc writes. Right target, right frequency, right message, right resources. Do you see that?

Q. And so what he's saying is the doctors, nurse practitioners, and physician assistants in the top two deciles, eight -- or top three deciles, eight, nine, and 10 -- write 24 prescriptions for every one prescription that the doctors in the low deciles write?

Q. And is that consistent with Mallinckrodt's understanding of the distinction between the top decile prescribers and the low decile prescribers?

Q. Now, with respect to physicians in the top deciles for salespeople selling Exalgo, would those physicians be ranked based on their sales of cpioids?

Q. So for example, for sales teams that are selling plaids, Mallinckrodt would create the deciles for target prescribers based on how many opioids those prescribers would prescribe; fair?

Q. Well, for Exalgo, an opioid, what would the competing products be that would go into the calculation of deciling of target physicians?

Q. Is there a report that Mallinckrcdt creates to show for a given period how the deciling is done for target prescribers?

Q. Is there a name for that report?

Q. And let's turn down to the bottom of Exhibit 21. Do you see there's a paragraph? And this is a e-mail from Kirk DuMont to a series of people dated Monday, February 4th, 2013. First of all, do you see that there's such an e-mail?

Q. And if you look down on this e-mail on Exhibit 21 from Kirk DuMont, he says if you were to ask the experts to select a Number 1 key to success, most would say clearly-defined goals, because without goals your dreams have no chance of becoming a reality. Do you have clearly-defined goals for the fiscal year to achieve your sales quotas for Exalgo, Sumavel DosePro, Pennsaid, and Dexies ? Do you see that?

Q. And so what he's saying is he's asking these salespeople if they've got clearly-defined goals to meet quota amounts that they've been given for prescriptions issued for these various drugs; is that fair?

Q. Well, with respect to the sales quota for, say, Exalgo, could a sales quota be met because of the prescribing of just one or two doctors?

Q. You can't say one way or the other whether

Q. We would have to look at the sales goal for a given salesperson and then look at the particular prescribers that were in his or her target to determine that; is that fair?

Q. Let me turn your attention to another exhibit, Exhibit 22. [Exhibit 22 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see that Exhibit 22 is an e-mail from Terry W. Terifay to Jamie Harrell?

Q. Do you know who Terry Terifay was?

Q. How about Jamie Harrell? Do you know who that was in 2012?

Q. And do you see this is copied to Ron Wickline?

Q. And who was Ron Wickline in June of 2012?

Q. And can you see that what Mr. Terifay says is RDs, the brand team worked with Connie and Jay to develop the following communication on, quote, three-star, close quote, prescribers and 16 MG pharmacies. We felt it would be important to have you send it out to your team. If you have additional questions on the e-mail or attached documents, please let me know. Do you see that?

Q. Do you see that statement?

Q. So what Terry Terifay says, is he's saying to Jamie Harrell FYI, let me show you an e-mail; fair?

Q. And to clarify the record, why don't you read into the record the e-mail that Terry Terifay sent -- forwarded to Jamie Harrell? Just read the text.

Q. Now, the communication that is referenced is below, starting with the term field sales force. Do you see that?

Q. Do you see that the communication designed to address three-star prescribers, as described, says in an effort to help us target the right physicians and pharmacies for the potential launch of Exalgo 32 milligram, we have attached a list of three-star prescribers and 16 milligram pharmacies from across the nation. What does this mean? Quite simply, quote, three-star, close quote, prescribers are prescribers that write a significant number of high-dose °plaids prescriptions. A prescriber that has written on average 20 or more 120-milligram-morphine-equivalent prescriptions per month for the previous seven months. This is comprehensive of prescriptions for Exalgo and the competition. Do you see that?

Q. Then do you see he has a further description of three-star prescribers?

Q. Why don't you read that into the record?

Q. That's enough. I just thought -- so what they're outlining here is a whole series of actions that salespeople should take with regard to these three-star prescribers; fair?

Q. And let me hand you another document. And do you see this is an e-mail from Todd Dean to a series of peoples?

Q. And do you see that the subject cf the e-mail is -- and this is Exhibit 23 -- Exalgo three-star prescribers and 16 milligram pharmacies? [Exhibit 23 marked for identification.]

Q. And do you see that Dean states, team solutions, comma, with all the detractors last week, I didn't want to send this out until now as we approach the future of 32 milligram, the attached list of current 16 milligram ordering pharmacies and three-star prescribers will be crucial to our success. Do you see that?

Q. And he then explains -- he outlines the steps that had been recommended in terms of scheduling lunches, visiting the prescribers, and so forth. Do you see that?

Q. Let me hand you another document. Oh, let me say -- if you look on pa -- on Exhibit 23, can you turn and do you see the actual list of three-star prescribers?

Q. And turn to the next -- here, I've got another exhibit for you. Exhibit 24. [Exhibit 24 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you have in front of you another document?

Q. And do you see that the other document, Exhibit 24, is an e-mail from Jason Jones to Ronald Wickline?

Q. Do you see Brad Albus is copied?

Q. All of these people are -- have various roles in the Mallinckrodt sales hierarchy?

Q. Well, they all worked for Mallinckrodt; fair?

Q. And they all worked in some form of sales activity; is that fair?

Q. And do you see that Jason Jones says to Ron Wickline, Ron, here's a quick look at your questions below. Source of this data is the Q3 targeting workbook pulled by commercial analytics and provided to the field at the end of April. Time period for the call and physician or prescription data is October 2011 to March 2012?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And do you see he's responding tc an e-mail from Ron Wickline where Ron poses a series of questions?

Q. For example, Ron Wickline says can we align these top pharmacies to their corresponding three-star doctors, helps us identify where their prescriptions are going?

Q. And is that something Mallinckrodt could do, is align top pharmacies with corresponding three-star doctors?

Q. And why did that matter to Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you see that there's a PowerPoint attached to this e-mail that is Exhibit 24?

Q. And do you see that this, according to Jason Jones, was produced by commercial analytics?

Q. And what's commercial analytics?

Q. But it's an internal function to Mallinckrodt?

Q. And can you see that commercial analytics, if you turn to the third page of this PowerPoint, has done a three-star analysis PDEs versus non-writers?

Q. And what's a PDE?

Q. Do you see that the commercial analytics department has tallied up all the three-star prescribers?

Q. So they've identified 2,478 three-star prescribers in the nation?

Q. And do you -- can you turn to the next page? Do you see that there's a page where commercial analytics has created analysis of three-star analysis -- top pharmacies versus three stars?

Q. And do you see that the slide says using MapPoint we can see the locations of the three-star physicians and the Exalgo ordering pharmacies the can be sent out at a closer range to see proximity?

Q. So what commercial analytics has done is they've created a map that you can use to identify the three-star physicians and then the nearby pharmacies that order Exalgo?

Q. Do you know how long Mallinckrodt engaged or used this analysis of three-star prescribers to identify prescribers that deserved particular attention from a sales force?

Q. Do you have any sense of it at all?

Q. Do you -- here, let me hand you Exhibit 25. [Exhibit 25 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you have in front of you Exhibit 25?

Q. And do you see it's a e-mail from Terry Terifay to Andy Pyfer?

Q. It says forward the THUMP plan?

Q. And do you see Terry, it says, Andy, did you or your team help build this? I had some thoughts. I wanted to make sure before I sent them your way.

Q. And do you see that he's responding to an e-mail from Mike Patterson in which Mike Patterson says Terry, the attached documents provide an overview of our initial THUMP plan. Here is a breakdown of what is attached. See that?

Q. And do you see he says PowerPoint deck contains an overview of the plan?

Q. Do you see next to that or on the next plan you've got the THUMP plan, 7.0212?

Q. And can you turn to the following page? Do you see it talks about 2,769 core targets?

Q. And do you see that the THUMP plan, if you look at the next page, it focuses on personal promotion?

Q. Do you have any knowledge of the THUMP plan that we've got?

Q. And do you see that -- if you turn over, there's a statement about the THUMP plan that contains peer-to-peer education?

Q. It's two pages back.

Q. Do you know anything about that? Do you know what it means?

Q. And how does that work?

Q. It's fair to say until we -- it was handed to you, this slide, that you didn't have any knowledge of the THUMP plan?

Q. Let me hand you another document?

Q. This will just be a minute. Let me hand you a document and ask you what exhibit number is on it. Is it 26?

Q. And do you see Exhibit 26 is an e-mail from Kirk DuMont to Gavin McGowan?

Q. And do you see it says Kirk, here you go; this is the entire nation's list?

Q. And then turn two pages in. And do you see that you've got a listing called "30615 Nashville West Playbook"?

Q. Why don't we turn back to the second page of the document? And do you see that this is where we have a -- the reference data source, and what you've got is the data source referenced in the e-mail has been filtered to just show Tennessee entries. Do you see that?

Q. And can you turn to the document itself?

Q. And do you see that you've got a document that lists a playbook for certain regions?

Q. Have you ever seen this document before?

Q. Have you seen this type of playbook analysis for particularly regions used at Endo?

Q. Or strike that. Have you seen this particular document that we have as Exhibit 26 used at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So this is a part of a targeting plan for -- that would be used by a Mallinckrodt salesperson?

Q. Well, why don't you turn to the territory marked "20201 Knoxville East Playbook"? Do you see that? I believe it's the final page.

Q. So can you just describe what this document entitled "2021 Dash Knoxville East Playbook" tells someone? This is kind of a graphic document. I'm going to put it here so people watching the video can understand what we're looking at.

Q. And so when you see 50 percent, you have a green block with a series of providers, what does that mean?

Q. Well, let me be clear. Do you see -- and I'm using my pen to point. Do you see this column right here under Exalgo right there where it's green?

Q. What does somebody looking at this derive from that information? What are you supposed to get out of that green block right there I just pointed to?

Q. So -- but this is a document you understand was something that was given to a sales representative for them to understand who they were supposed to be targeting for a given period?

Q. Do you see the top says "Knoxville East Playbook"? Do you see that?

Q. Is that Knoxville East -- is that a region?

Q. And a territory covers a certain geographic area with different prescribers then? Is that how that works?

Q. And I guess what I'm getting at is it's called Knoxville East, but typically or at times would

Q. I mean, we could look at these providers and figure out where they were and understand how far the territory reached; is that fair?

Q. Let me hand you a document marked Exhibit 27. [Exhibit 27 marked for identification.]

Q. And, sir, I'll ask you, do you see it is an e-mail from Bill Nichols to Connie Kisinger, among others?

Q. Who is Bill Nichols?

Q. Of the sales team for Mallinckrodt? [Discussion off the record.]

Q. So Bill Nichols was part of Mallinckrodt's sales team?

Q. And I think you've said Ron Wickline was part of the sales management at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you see that the subject line is forward, pill mill doctors?

Q. And do you see that Mr. Nichols says I've talked with Jason and Brad on this and they'll be sending out some clarification on this assignment. This assignment is really to, One, provide additional info that we might have on any docs listed on the spreadsheet, and Two, submit names of any target docs that need to be removed because they have been arrested or the DM identifies that they qualify as a pill mill. Do you see that?

Q. Can you -- what's your understanding of what a pill mill is?

Q. What is a pill mill, though?

Q. Do you -- I'm going to hand you Exhibit 28. [Exhibit 28 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see that --

Q. -- it's a statement by cbsnews.com entitled "What's a Pill Mill"?

Q. Do you see under "What's a Pill Mill" it says "Pill mill is a term used primarily by lccal and state investigators to describe a doctor, clinic, or pharmacy that is prescribing or dispensing powerful narcotics inappropriately or for nonmedical reasons." Do you see that?

Q. Do you think that's a fair definition of a pill mill?

Q. And do you see that -- well, do you agree with that definition?

Q. Well, as we sit here today, is Mallinckrodt willing to -- or does Mallinckrodt take issue with this definition of pill mill?

Q. The definition that's on Exhibit 28?

Q. And I'll highlight it for you. Does take definition -- take issue with that definition of pill mill that is on Exhibit 28 and highlighted?

Q. Well, let me ask you. Do you see that the term pill mill is being used in Exhibit 27 by members of the Mallinckrodt sales team?

Q. Did anyone within the Mallinckrodt sales team say when they started using the term pill mill, gosh, we should assign this a meaning?

Q. Well, did Mallinckrodt have a clear definition of the term pill mill in August of 2011 when its sales executives were talking about pill mills?

Q. Did -- do you see that in Mr. Nichols's e-mail he says that one of the purposes of this assignment is to submit names of any target dccs that need to be removed because they have been arrested or the DM verifies they qualify as a pill mill. Do you see that?

Q. So he's saying that these -- if they qualify as pill mill, they should be removed from targeting?

Q. So here he's using pill mill to mean a doctor's office or a provider that is illegally dispensing pills without proper prescriptions?

Q. What was Mallinckrodt's view as to what pill mills were inappropriate back in August cf 2011?

Q. Has there ever been a corporate policy at Mallinckrodt that said it's okay to make sales calls to promote products at pill mills?

Q. Well, was it ever acceptable with Mallinckrodt from an official corporate standpoint for people to be targeting pill mills?

Q. I've asked you twice. Just want to make sure I've given you a fair opportunity to explain whether or not Mallinckrodt ever thought it was appropriate to target pill mills. Have I given you that opportunity?

Q. Is it typical for sales staff to use terms like pill mill that the company doesn't have a definition for?

Q. Well, let's look at the use of this informal term pill mill. The subject line of the e-mail on -- from Bill Nichols copied to Ron Wickline is forward, pill mill doctors; fair?

Q. And then he's forwarding an e-mail from Brad Albus to a number -- it looks like a group of people -- DMs. Do you know who Brad Albus is?

Q. Can you just read the text of this e-mail into the record?

Q. And Bradford Albus is the manager of sales operations for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And so the manager of sales operations is sending out a document entitled "Pill Mill Doctors"; fair?

Q. And he's specifically asking his sales managers or his district managers to identify verified pill mills; fair?

Q. The DIRJ list he mentions, is that people who have died, retired, et cetera?

Q. So you could get removed because you're dead; is that right?

Q. Or you're retired?

Q. And then he's saying some of these people may have been removed, or if they were removed because they're connected with pill mills, let me know; fair?

Q. At this time did Mallinckrodt have a standard operating procedure for what to do with an identified pill mill?

Q. Were Mallinckrodt salespeople trained at this time -- that is, August of 2011 -- to recognize signs of diversion?

Q. And how was that training conducted?

Q. Now, do you see that Mr. Albus says please keep in mind that because this business will be removed it's imperative you only submit the names of those physicians tied to verifi -- a verified pill mill, as territories need to have justifiable amount of potential?

Q. And so what he's doing there is now, caution, if you name somebody as a pill mill, they will be removed from your bonus calculation? That's what he's saying; fair?

Q. The point is, if you remove a particular doctor as a pill mill, all of that doctor's prescribing of Exalgo or other drugs will be removed from the bonus numbers for that district; fair?

Q. Now, let's turn to the next document. This is -- I'm going to give you a document marked Mallinckrodt 29. [Exhibit 29 marked for identification.]

Q. So you have in front of you Exhibit 29?

Q. And do you ha -- it's an e-mail from Todd Dean to Brad Albus?

Q. And do you see that the subject line is re potential pill mill physicians list with addresses, South Carolina district. Do you see that?

Q. Do you see Todd Dean says Bradford, here is the pill mill physician PAs, NP, that are critically hurting eastern Tennessee and my district. As you can imagine, this is huge to the performance of the representatives in these geographies and I believe extremely important that we back out of the quota/goaling in 2012.

Q. And then do you see he says at the bottom of his message thanks so much for addressing getting these pill mills removed?

Q. So now we've got Todd Dean using the term pill mills in addition to Brad Albus and Bill Nichols; right?

Q. And can you see that he has attached the pill mill list that he is sending?

Q. Starts with Raymond Gates at 2141 Pine Meade Road in Knoxville?

Q. And then do you see -- let me hand you another exhibit. First of all, Exhibit 29 is dated September 8th; is that right?

Q. Now let me hand you Exhibit --

Q. And let me hand you another exhibit. This is Exhibit 30. [Exhibit 30 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see that this is another e-mail from Todd Dean to Brad Albus?

Q. And do you see that he says, Brad, this is the pill mill list I sent you on September 8th. These are still showing up in the Tennessee reps' target list. It's a huge problem. Todd. Do you see that?

Q. And can you look back at the list he encloses?

Q. Yes, that's right.

Q. And he's re-forwarded this list that starts with Raymond Gates at 2141 Pine Meade Road?

Q. And do you see that what's happened here is he's e-mailing about the same pill mill list, he sent it over a month prior -- Todd Dean did -- and he's saying look, nothing's happened; no one's done anything about this pill mill list?

Q. Now, let me ask you, do you know whether Mallinckrodt -- I'm going to put the pill mill list that he forwarded here on the ASCII. Do you know what Mallinckrodt -- thank you. Clean copy. Do you know whether Mallinckrodt ever reported any of the prescribers on the pill mill list that Todd Dean sent in 2011 to the Drug Enforcement Administration?

Q. And you're not aware of that?

Q. You can answer.

Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt ever reported any of the physicians on this pill mill list to any local law enforcement?

Q. And do you know if any of the pill mill doctors reported by Todd Dean on his pill mill list were reported to a licensing board for disciplinary charges?

Q. And do you know if Mallinckrodt took -- if Mallinckrodt had an investigator go and -- go down to Tennessee and actually investigate any of these pill mills that its sales force identified in Tennessee?

Q. You can answer.

Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt took any step at all to address the pill mills identified by its sales force in Todd Dean's e-mails of September 8th and October 19th, 2011?

Q. Sure. You have a sales force members that identifies multiple doctors that he identifies as pill mills. Do you see that?

Q. So what did Mallinckrodt do about it, if anything?

Q. But do you know if Mallinckrodt -- well, first of all -- so you're saying that every one of these folks reported as a pill mill that's on the list that Todd Dean sent should have been removed from the target list?

Q. You can answer.

Q. Let me ask you. I'm confused because I am looking at an e-mail I received describing the testimony that you were supposed to give, and included in the testimony is employee training documentation and reporting requirements. So you're telling me that you're not aware of the reporting of any of these pill mills listed by Todd Dean listed on this chart to the DEA local law enforcement, et cetera. Isn't that squarely within what you're supposed to be prepared to testify for?

Q. Just so we're clear in the testimony, I think -- is your answer that you can't identify any step, action, or activity that Mallinckrodt took or conducted in response to Todd Dean's identification of all these multiple providers on Exhibit 30 as pill mills?

Q. And do you know whether or not Mallinckrodt felt it had any other obligation when a pill mill was identified, to report a pill mill to federal or state law enforcement authorities or anyone else?

Q. Let's talk about the salespeople. Did they have a particular document they were supposed to fill out when they identified a pill mill?

Q. So was there a record kept by Mallinckrodt of every prescriber reported as a pill mill by a sales force?

Q. So it may be that today you can't tell me whether or not Mallinckrodt can even identify the pill mills that its sales force has identified over time?

Q. Do you know how many pill mills were reported by Mallinckrodt salespeople in the United States?

Q. Do you know how many sales -- strike that. Do you know how many pill mills have been reported in the State of Tennessee by Mallinckrodt's sales force?

Q. And specifically not aware of the number of pill mills reported, using that terminology by salespeople?

Q. Yeah, I guess I'm just -- and I think what everybody in the court will want to hear is can you tell me how many pill mills were reported by salespeople in the state Tennessee?

Q. And it's fair to say that Todd Dean made his own list here and sent it in from his outpost within the Mallinckrodt sales force, but you don't know whether or not even these pill mills identified by Todd Dean are actually in some form of official record within Mallinckrodt; is that fair?

Q. So you are aware, I think you've testified, that Mallinckrodt through IQVIA data kept track of every prescription filled in the State of Tennessee for Mallinckrodt products; fair?

Q. But Mallinckrodt did not keep track of the number pill mills that were reported to Mallinckrodt headquarters by its own sales force?

Q. Does Mallinckrodt have a written policy requiring sales representatives to report pill mills?

Q. Now, same day -- let me hand you the next document. Same day, October 19th, that Todd Dean tells Brad Albus you haven't done anything about my pill mill list, he sends another document. I'd like to hand you Exhibit 31. [Exhibit 31 marked for identification.]

Q. Did I just describe that correctly?

Q. Did Todd Dean -- strike that last question. Did Todd Dean on October 19th send an e-mail to Bill Nichols?

Q. And that's the same day he had sent Brad Albus the exhibit -- the e-mail that's Exhibit 30?

Q. And he says -- he entitles his e-mail to Bill Nichols eastern Tennessee dilemma, South Carolina district?

Q. Do you see that subject line?

Q. And he says importance, high. Dc you see that?

Q. And do you see at the bottom of his e-mail he says to Bill Nichols the two major pillars that compromise our success are, and then he states them? Do you see that?

Q. Take your time.

Q. Can you read his first paragraph labeled Number 1 under the two pillars that compromise our success are -- can you read that paragraph into the record?

Q. And so what Todd Dean is saying to Bill Nichols is these pill mills are messing up our sales goals; is that correct?

Q. And you can call them inappropriate targets, but Todd Dean, a member of the sales force, calls them Tennessee, quote, pill mills, unquote; fair?

Q. And he's -- what, he's the fifth member of the sales team here to use the term pill mills in these various e-mails; fair?

Q. We'd have to go back and count them all up to figure out how many different executives --

Q. -- are using the term pill mill; fair?

Q. Correct?

Q. And I think the point you're making is Todd Dean's issue with the pill mills is their impact on the sales metrics for his team; fair?

Q. Now, is it your assumption that Mallinckrodt was not calling on the pill mills that Todd Dean sent you in this list on Exhibit 30?

Q. You think it would be wrong for Mallinckrodt salespeople to go after these scripts by detailing these pill mills on Todd Dean's lists and Exhibit 30?

Q. Is that right?

Q. Well, now, the manager of sales operations, Brad Albus, got the pill mill list from Todd Dean; right?

Q. Is that fair?

Q. And the point is, did Brad Albus, manager of sales operations, ever take steps to remove these pill mills that Todd Dean had identified from the target list?

Q. But I think you're saying he should have. It would be inappropriate for Mallinckrodt salespeople to continue promoting or visiting prescribers that had been placed on a pill mill list; fair?

Q. Do you see -- going back to Exhibit 31. Does Todd Dean in talking about the problem of the pill mills mention his concern that the pill mills are breaking the law?

Q. Does he make any reference, Todd Dean, in his complaints about the pill mills about the fact that the pill mills are damaging the communities in which the pill mills exist?

Q. Does he make any comment about the fact that the pill mills are endangering children in the areas where the pill mills are operating?

Q. Does Mr. Dean say anything about the fact that pill mills are creating addicts, which are destroying the communities where the pill mills operate?

Q. His big concern is the fact, hey, it's cutting into our bonuses; right?

Q. Let me hand you another document. Exhibit 32. [Exhibit 32 marked for identification.]

Q. Let me hand you another exhibit. Look at Exhibit 32. Do you see it is a Covidien employee exit questionnaire?

Q. And this is for Mallinckrodt employee Cheryl Herbold?

Q. And the title is -- her title is specialty sales representative?

Q. And do you see that her supervisor was Todd Dean?

Q. And Todd Dean is the person who sent the pill mill list that we've been discussing?

Q. And do you see that the date of the exit questionnaire is October 20th, 2011?

Q. And do you see that's one day after Todd Dean identifies or reiterates his concern after a month and some weeks that nobody's taking action on his pill mill list?

Q. And can you turn to -- first of all, do you personally -- did you know Cheryl Herbold?

Q. And can you turn to her second statement? Do you see that she has a Paragraph 2 in her statement -- let me lead you back through that. Pardon me. Do you see that the first section of this employee exit questionnaire has a one -- an Item 1, all in all, how would you rate this organization? And it goes on to describe that?

Q. And then do you see there's a third column which says considering everything, how would you rate your overall satisfaction with the organization?

Q. And then you flip over to the next page, and there's an Item 7, and it says how much time elapsed between your deciding to leave and your informing us about it? Check one. Do you see that?

Q. And then 8 says briefly describe the particular set of circumstances which directly led to your decision to leave. Do you see that?

Q. And she lists five circumstances?

Q. Can you read Paragraph 2 from -- and it's on page that's Bates-stamped 9958. Can you read the entire Paragraph 2 that Ms. Herbold wrote into the record?

Q. So she says one of the reasons I'm quitting is because of all these pill mills in Tennessee; fair?

Q. And let me ask you. When people quit Mallinckrodt and they provide these employee exit questionnaires, where are the questionnaires sent? Who gets them?

Q. And do you know if HR ever followed up on this report of the fact that Tennessee had an incredible number of pill mills?

Q. And do you know -- so I take it you don't know if any step was taken by Mallinckrodt in response to Ms. Herbold's report about an incredible amount of pill mills in Tennessee?

Q. And by this exit questionnaire, you mean Cheryl Herbold's exit questionnaire that is Exhibit 32 to the deposition?

Q. Can you take out Exhibit 23? And can you -- do you recall that this is -- Exhibit 23 is a 6-25 --

Q. Can you look at Exhibit 23 and confirm that that's the exhibit that was a e-mail from Todd Dean to a number of people, subject Exalgo three-star prescribers and 16 MG pharmacies?

Q. And can you look at the list of three-star prescribers?

Q. And the date of the e-mail forwarding the list was June 25th, 2012?

Q. And that is -- what -- a number cf months after Todd Dean identified his pill mill list; fair?

Q. And here's my question. Do you see at the top of the three-star prescriber list a prescriber -- this is Line 735 -- Abdelrahman, Mohamed? Do you see that?

Q. Do you see that that is one of the doctors -- I'm going to highlight it here on the pill mill list that Todd Dean had identified. And the pill mill list is attached to Exhibit 30.

Q. Do you see then there's a cell, 738, and it's a provider on the three-star prescriber list, Rona Addington? Do you see that?

Q. And do you see -- and I'm going to highlight it -- Rona Addington is on Todd Dean's pill mill list from months earlier?

Q. It appears on the prescriber list and then it appears later on the three-star prescriber list that is being circulated by Mallinckrodt; fair?

Q. Now, do you see Cell 746 on the three-star prescriber list is Dennis Harris?

Q. Do you see that Dennis Harris is on the pill mill list sent to Mallinckrodt by its sales executive Todd Dean?

Q. And do you see that at Cell 753, Freddie Kojima appears on the list of three-star prescribers that is Exhibit 23?

Q. And do you see that Freddie Kojima also appears on Todd Dean's pill mill list?

Q. And I won't belabor the point. Let me just ask you about a couple more. Do you see that Desiree Kinard appears at Cell 841 on the three-star prescriber list?

Q. And do you see that Desiree Kinard also appears on the pill mill list that Todd Dean sent in?

Q. Do you see the cell toward the bottom -- I believe it's 1740 -- Steve Jackson's name appears on the three-star prescriber list?

Q. Do you see there's a Steve Jackson on your prescriber list?

Q. Do you see that? And do you see Steven Jackson appears on the pill mill list that Todd Dean sent in?

Q. And last one, I noticed -- I skipped Anna Worley. Do you see 757 on the three-star list Anna Worley?

Q. And she's on the pill mill list, too?

Q. So what we know -- and I'll just stop there. I mean, don't you see that you have on your prescriber list the names of multiple providers that your own sales force had identified as pill mills?

Q. Go ahead and answer.

Q. Yeah. I mean, my question is, do you have any explanation for these three-star pill mills that are three-star prescribers and their pill mills identified by your own sales force?

Q. But here in fact they were -- not only were they not taken off just a regular target list, these prescribers, these pill mills, were placed on the three-star prescriber list of those prescribers that were to be given especially great attention by your sales force; right?

Q. Because what' happening here is basically Mallinckrodt is telling its salespeople we found some great pill mills and we need to get in there and sell, sell, sell to these pill mills in the State of Tennessee, and that's what's going on; right?

Q. Yeah, because what they said about these three-star prescribers -- I won't belabor the point -- is increase frequency with these targets where possible; right? That's what people were supposed to do with these targets; fair?

Q. And the direction with regard to the three-star prescribers is schedule lunches now for early September; right?

Q. So what Mallinckrodt was saying is go to these pill mills and schedule a lunch with the pill mill people; fair?

Q. I'd like to hand you a document marked Exhibit 34. [Exhibit 34 marked for identification.]

Q. And can you -- do you see the -- what you have in front of you is a record of calls made by salespeople -- Mallinckrodt salespeople?

Q. I mean -- and you're familiar with Mallinckrodt's sales call data?

Q. I take it you're prepared to testify to Mallinckrodt's sales call data today?

Q. And Mallinckrodt maintains records of when its salespeople call on particular providers; is that fair?

Q. And what you have in front of you is a portion of the database demonstrating sales calls made on Elizabeth LeBrun ?

Q. Have you not seen sales calls formatted in this way before in the Mallinckrodt record system?

Q. And are you not prepared to identify this record here as a record of sales calls made on Elizabeth LeBrun?

Q. What information would you need to positively identify Exhibit 34 as a record of sales calls made on Elizabeth LeBrun?

Q. You're the person that's designated to testify about sales practices; is that fair?

Q. Would you agree that sales practices include Mallinckrodt's records of when its salespeople called on prescribers in Tennessee?

Q. Well, looking at this document that has been provided to you, from Exhibit 34, are you prepared to testify that a salesperson visited Elizabeth LeBrun in June 2012?

Q. What's your answer?

Q. Let's just make sure we do know what you do know. You do know that Mallinckrodt would maintain

Q. And so if a sales call was made cn Elizabeth LeBrun, then it was recorded somewhere in Mallinckrodt's system; fair?

Q. Well, and the records you've got in front of you, although you've said you can't corroborate it, it suggests that Elizabeth LeBrun -- or it indicates Elizabeth LeBrun was visited by a salesperson on the 22nd of June 2012; is that fair?

Q. Well, let's see if we can get down to this using a different document. Let me hand you another exhibit. And that's exhibit thirty --

Q. Can you hand me the exhibit you were just handed? So this is Exhibit 35. [Exhibit 35 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you have Exhibit 35 in front of you?

Q. And --

Q. And let's get to that. Exhibit 35 right on the front says custodian central files filtered for Abdelrahman Mohamed; right? Is that what it says?

Q. And the file name is called M18 call data Exalgo all fields 2011.xlsx; right?

Q. Now, call data is a term that Mallinckrodt would have used for data showing when salesperson called upon providers; fair?

Q. And just so it's clear -- no one's trying to confuse anybody -- the statement made right on the front of this exhibit is filtered for this one provider, Abdelrahman Mohamed; right?

Q. And do you see that in the sales data it's got an address for Dr. Mohamed? It's in one of the cells.

Q. And what's that address?

Q. And --

Q. Do you see -- turn to Page -- turn to Exhibit 23, the three-star list that we've locked at. Do you see that Dr. Mohamed is the first on the list, Cell 735?

Q. And do you see that it's got the same exact address as is on Exhibit 35?

Q. And it looks like -- so now that you see you've got the same address, you've got the same name on your three-star list and the document that's Exhibit 35, are you ready to recognize that Exhibit 35 is Mallinckrodt call data on Dr. Mohamed?

Q. You can answer.

Q. Well, let's get down to the significance. We know Mallinckrodt has records for when all the people on the pill mill list that was provided by Todd Dean to Mallinckrodt -- we know the last time those people were detailed by looking at Mallinckrodt's sales visit records; fair?

Q. So for example, you look at 35, Exhibit 35. Can you look at the back page of Exhibit 35? And do you see that it looks like somebody called on Dr. Mohamed in February 2014, or at least that's an indication?

Q. The point is, you don't dispute the fact that Mallinckrodt's got records that will show when all the prescribers on the pill mill list were visited by salespeople; fair?

Q. So the point is, you said earlier we wouldn't be calling on the prescribers after they were identified as pill mills, and we can test that with Mallinckrodt's own internal call records; right?

Q. The point is, although you're not subscribing to our call records, we can get Mallinckrodt's call records and just know for each particular person -- Abdelrahman Mohamed, any of these people on this pill mill list, we can figure cut when the last time somebody called on them was; fair?

Q. And you believe it would be improper for Mallinckrodt to target a provider who had been identified as a pill mill? That's your view?

Q. And so we'll just have to look at Mallinckrodt's records to figure out whether Mallinckrodt continued to detail these pill mills after its own sales force identified them as pill mills; fair?

Q. And let me remember -- is the process going to be something that the fellow who's testifying tomorrow can tell us about, not you? Whose responsibility is it to tell us about the process?

Q. Let's just make sure we've got that. And what was the process? When somebody identified a pill mill, how was it determined what the next step was?

Q. Who in management made that decision?

Q. So it was the district manager who's part of the sales force that would decide whether or not to remove the pill mill?

Q. Did district managers -- were district managers given incentive compensation?

Q. Was the process whereby a district manager was responsible for deciding whether or not a pill mill report warranted further action -- was that written down on a piece of paper anywhere?

Q. Sure. Is there a document I can look at that explains the precise way in which a district manager was supposed to address a report of a pill mill?

Q. So is it written down in a standard procedure how you deal with a report of a pill mill by

Q. So when you say it was the sales manager that would make that decision, is that just based on your understanding of Mallinckrodt's practices?

Q. And so there's nobody outside of the sales team that would be involved with that process?

Q. But this method where somebody reports a pill mill that you've been describing -- this method would involve the sales team; fair?

Q. And let's turn to another document. Turn to a new area. Here is Exhibit 36. [Exhibit 36 marked for identification.]

Q. Let me ask you, before we move on to Exhibit 36, do you know how many times a pill mill was reported up to Mallinckrodt and the pill mill was not removed from Mallinckrodt's call list?

Q. Sure. Before we move on to Exhibit 36, do you know how many times a pill mill was reported up to Mallinckrodt by the sales team and it was not removed from Mallinckrodt's call list?

Q. So as we sit here today, you can't tell me how many pill mills in Tennessee Mallinckrodt was actively selling to, say, in 2014?

Q. Let's turn to Exhibit 36. Do you see Exhibit 36 is a June 20th, 2012, e-mail from Christopher Clark to Jennifer Terp?

Q. Christopher Clark was part of Mallinckrodt's sales organization; fair?

Q. And Todd Dean is copied. He's the one that reported the pill mill list; is that right?

Q. Who is Jennifer Terp? Do you know?

Q. And what's -- what does that team do that Jennifer Terp was part of?

Q. What was the outside consulting group?

Q. And what did they do?

Q. And do you see that Chris Clark says, "Hello again, Jennifer. This is the information that we spoke about. On May 21, 2012, Dr. Frank McNiel wrote a script for a Workers' Compensation case that was filled at Belew Drugs, 2021 North Broadway, Knoxville, Tennessee, 865-525-4187. This is not just any Exalgo script, because the patient received 28 of the 16 milligram strengths a day, capitalized, exclamation point, and it has yet to show up in IMS." Do you see that?

Q. And fair to say that 26 16 milligram tablets of Exalgo in a single day is a remarkable dose?

Q. What would a normal dose for Exalgo be -- Exalgo 16 milligram strength?

Q. So you think typically a dose would be a single 16 milligram strength a day?

Q. Well, 18 -- 28 16 milligrams -- that would be 448 milligrams. I take it that was a dose that was viewed, as indicated by this e-mail, as improper?

Q. So was anything done about Dr. McNiel's prescribing of 28 16 milligram strength tablets per day to the person receiving the prescription?

Q. Was this sort of prescription indicative of diversion?

Q. Well, let's turn to the next exhibit. Do you see that you've got in front of you Exhibit 37? [Exhibit 37 marked for identification.]

Q. And do you see this is from this fellow, Christopher Clark, who had reported this very high dose prescription by Dr. McNiel?

Q. Do you see now he is sending Paul Clark his list of targets?

Q. And do you see one of the targets is Bearden Healthcare?

Q. And do you understand that as Dr. McNiel's clinic?

Q. Do you see that on Christopher Clark's target list it's got Bearden Healthcare and it lists a whole series of providers?

Q. So can we assume from the document that's Exhibit 37, that Christopher Clark in February of 2013 is detailing Bearden Healthcare?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt have a policy with respect to an office that contained a provider that had been tied to diversion? Did Mallinckrodt salespeople continue to visit the other providers in the same office?

Q. Let's look at the next exhibit. Do you see that you've got in front of you Exhibit 38? [Exhibit 38 marked for identification.]

Q. And do you see that it is an e-mail from DJ Horton to Christopher Clark?

Q. And he says I forgot to copy you?

Q. And he forwards an e-mail that DJ Horton sent to Bill Nicole on March 1, 2013?

Q. And in turn, that is a -- that forwards an e-mail from Christopher Clark to DJ Horton from February 8th, 2013?

Q. Do you see Christopher Clark said to DJ Horton in an e-mail entitled "Bearden Healthcare," "DJ, I want to pass along a hopeful success story. If you remember the office that I took you to had recently changed medical directors -- not an uncommon thing in TN -- ha-ha -- and had brought in some legal counsel, a Dr. Epstein from Florida, to make necessary changes, even painful changes, for the group? In my conversation that day I introduced him to Exalgo wall clings, and he requested I put one in each of the exam rooms." Do you see that?

Q. And do you see that he describes activities at the Bearden Healthcare clinic and then concludes, "This is by far my largest clinic opportunity with so much UHC business and being former, current, in there yesterday that" -- wait, let me start over again. Do you see in Christopher Clark's e-mail he says in his concluding sentences, "This is by far my largest clinic opportunity with so much UHC business and being former, current, heavy oxy prescribers. I've targeted them heavily with the free voucher offer and was told when I was in there yesterday that three had been given out this week. We shall see over the coming week how this plays out and how the impact with doctor constant has in this practice." Do you see that?

Q. And so Chris Clark is saying I view Bearden Healthcare as a clinic opportunity; fair?

Q. And do you see that he is saying he is targeting Bearden Healthcare as a group of former heavy oxy prescribers?

Q. And do you see that then DJ Horton passes this information on to Bill Nichols and says, "Bill, a great success story below from Chris Clark continued from the events that took place last week. Keep in mind this is the largest pain clinic in Knoxville and 80 percent of all OxyContin scripts in Knoxville County come out of this one clinic." Do you see that?

Q. Tell you what. Do you see the e-mail from DJ Horton to Bill Nichols on Friday, March 1, 2013?

Q. Why don't you read the first paragraph into the record?

Q. So what he's saying is this is a great opportunity. This is what DJ Horton is saying because we are now into the clinic that's largely responsible for the OxyContin scripts in Knox County; fair?

Q. I mean, he says look, these doctors in this clinic are responsible for 80 percent of the OxyContin scripts in the county; right?

Q. And he's now talking about the great story of Mallinckrodt sending its salespeople into the clinic responsible for 80 percent of the OxyContin scripts in that county?

Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt ever became aware that OxyContin had been subject to significant abuse and diversion?

Q. So Mallinckrodt was aggressively targeting

Q. Well, tell you what. Turn to the exhibit that -- Exhibit 11, the "Defeat Chronic Pain Now" book, and open it up to Page 175.

Q. Do you see that in that book on Page 175 it states in -- under the heading "Do Opioids Cause Addiction in Chronic Pain Patients," do you see the second sentence says, "We're sure you have read the newspapers and seen on TV accounts of people claiming to have become addicted to OxyContin." Do you see that?

Q. So were you worried that with it widely known that OxyContin was often diverted, were you worried that you were selling into -- essentially replacing one diverted drug used by drug -- illicit drug users with another drug?

Q. And were people worried that the McNiel clinic -- by the way, let me just point out one thing. Do you see that DJ Horton points out that patients were lined up out the door at the clinic, Bearden Healthcare?

Q. It's the second paragraph. Do you see in his e-mail that DJ Horton in his second paragraph notes that patients were lined up out the door?

Q. This is Exhibit 38.

Q. So he notes the oxy problem at the clinic; fair?

Q. And then he notes the patients lined up out the door; fair?

Q. Well, reading this document, Exhibit 38, with the patients lined up out the door, the heavy OxyContin scripts, would you conclude that the Bearden Healthcare was just a big glorified pill mill?

Q. Let me hand you the next exhibit. Do you see this Exhibit 39 is a -- is an e-mail from Eric Hichman to Paul Jones on March the 2nd, 2013? [Exhibit 39 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see this is a day -- this e-mail is sent a day after the e-mail that is Exhibit 38?

Q. And do you see that the e-mail that's Exhibit 39 from Eric Hichman to John Paul Jones contains a series of e-mails and forwards, the e-mails relating to Chris Clark's work at the Bearden clinic?

Q. Do you see that this e-mail from Eric Hichman to Paul C. Jones includes a description of Chris Clark's visiting the Bearden Healthcare clinic?

Q. So Eric Hichman on March the 2nd, 2013, is talking about Chris Clark's work at the Bearden clinic; fair?

Q. Can you read the first sentence cf Eric Hichman's e-mail enti -- with the subject re Bearden Healthcare?

Q. Bbb so Eric Hichman says that the Bearden clinic sounds like a big glorified pill mill; fair?

Q. So here's another document in which Mallinckrodt executive calls a clinic a pill mill. Do you know whether Mallinckrodt took any step at all to address or respond to this report of a pill mill made in Exhibit 39?

Q. So you don't know any action that Mallinckrodt took with respect to Eric Hichman's identifying Bearden Healthcare as a big glorified pill mill?

Q. And I just want to make sure that, however you define it, you can't name any action that Mallinckrodt took after Eric Hichman said Bearden Healthcare sounds like a big glorified pill mill to address the pill mill issue?

Q. Let me hand you another document. It's Exhibit 40. [Exhibit 40 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you recognize that exhibit?

Q. What is it?

Q. And is this -- is it typical for Mallinckrodt to have its salespeople have people that attend an event sign in?

Q. And so you can look at this attendance sheet and see the people who attended a program at Bearden Healthcare Associates on March the 1st, 2013?

Q. Let me hand you another exhibit. This is Mallinckrodt 41. [Exhibit 41 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you see that I've handed to you a news story that says that -- it's entitled "Two East Tennessee Doctors Plead Guilty to Drug Charges"?

Q. And do you see that one of the doctors that pled guilty is Frank McNiel of Knoxville?

Q. You see Frank McNiel -- this news report says Frank McNiel has pled guilty to unlawful distribution of a controlled substance?

Q. And do you know that Frank McNiel operated Bearden Healthcare, which your employee described as a big glorified pill mill?

Q. Let me hand you another article. This is Exhibit 42. [Exhibit 42 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you have in front of you a document which is a news story from knoxnews.com entitled "Opioid crisis, some providers named in state's Opana suit disciplined, others still practicing?"

Q. And can you turn to the fifth page and look to the bottom of the page and tell me if you see a headline, Dr. Frank McNiel, Knoxville? Do you see where it discusses Frank McNiel?

Q. And do you see that paragraph -- the story states that the Board of Medical Examiners disciplined McNiel, licensed as a general practitioner in Tennessee since 1985, for inappropriately prescribing narcotics in 1994, but he and his wife, family practitioner Dr. Janet McNiel, also disciplined at the same time, appealed the action and, in 1997, both won. At the time, they co-owned the pain management clinic Bearden Healthcare Associates, where Frank McNiel supervised several nurse practitioners and where Janet McNiel still works. Do you see that?

Q. And Bearden Healthcare is the clinic that your employee called a big glorified pill mill?

Q. And that is where -- that is the clinic that Chris Clark was organizing learning events at in 2013?

Q. And if you could real quick -- and we'll wrap this up -- turn back to Exhibit 39? Can you pull that out?

Q. And do you see this is the exhibit where Eric Hichman refers to the Bearden clinic as a big glorified pill mill? Do you see that?

Q. Do you see anything in Eric Hichman's statement or any other statement in which anyone suggests that Mallinckrodt take any action to report this glorified pill mill to any law enforcement authority?

Q. You don't think that when you call a clinic a big glorified pill mill that you're saying that something illegal is occurring at the clinic?

Q. Well, back to my original question. Do you see anything in this e-mail or have you seen anything in any of the e-mails we've looked at in which any Mallinckrodt executive learning cf Chris Clark's activities at Bearden Healthcare cautioned we need to report this practice to law enforcement.

Q. I mean, no one in the e-mail said, you know what, we need to investigate this big glorified pill mill to make sure that if people are involved in diversion of narcotics, that they are arrested or disciplined?

Q. So your testimony, just so we're clear, is that when an executive of Mallinckrodt called Bearden Healthcare a big glorified pill mill, that he wasn't saying anything that suggested that somebody at the clinic was doing something inappropriately?

Q. What's the answer?

Q. Do you know whether Mallinckrodt ever contacted the executive who called Bearden Healthcare a big glorified pill mill to ask, hey, are you using the term big glorified pill mill in a negative way or in a way that doesn't suggest illegal activity at Bearden Healthcare?

Q. Let me hand you another exhibit, Exhibit 43. [Exhibit 43 marked for identification.]

Q. Do you have Exhibit 43 in front of you?

Q. Is that an e-mail from Chris Clark to Daniel Polsofski on April 10th, 2013?

Q. It's about a field visit?

Q. And we know Christopher Clark was part of Mallinckrodt's sales group?

Q. And Daniel Polsofski -- was he a salesperson for Mallinckrodt?

Q. For Mallinckrodt; fair?

Q. And that's -- a district manager is part of the sales force; is that right?

Q. You can set that aside. I'm going to give you the next exhibit, Exhibit 44. [Exhibit 44 marked for identification.]

Q. And do you see you've got a document entitled "Cares Alliance Overview"?

Q. Do you recall earlier today talking about the Cares Alliance?

Q. And can you turn to the second page of the document that's in front of you? This second page of Exhibit 44?

Q. Do you see at the bottom it says sponsored by Covidien?

Q. This PowerPoint shows a Cares Alliance program sponsored by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you see on the third page it describes projects currently underway?

Q. Do you -- can you turn to Page -- it's about seven pages in -- entitled "Pivot Influencers"?

Q. And do you see that one of the pivot influencers listed in this Mallinckrodt document is Dr. Lynn Webster?

Q. Down below, right-hand corner?

Q. And I think you said that Mallinckrodt had paid Dr. Webster for consulting.

Q. Let me ask you -- turn back to the notice that's Exhibit 1. Can you turn to Topic 7?

Q. And do you see Topic 7 is Mallinckrodt's monthly opioid sales amounts nationally for each state and for each city or region as determined by the state, city, or region where the prescriber writing the opioid prescription is located or any other measure utilized by Mallinckrodt, and for each city or ZIP code in Tennessee, for each Mallinckrodt opioid product from January 1, 2006, to the present by product unit, by dose, and in revenue, and any other measure utilized by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Question, what -- are you the person who's supposed to testify to Topic 7?

Q. What can you tell me about Mallinckrodt's monthly opioid sales amounts for the State of Tennessee?

Q. Yeah, I mean, my question is can you tell me -- are you prepared to tell me today how many opioids Mallinckrodt sold in the State of Tennessee for any time period?

Q. What have you done to prepare to address Topic 7 today?

Q. Can you tell me what reports would I look at to determine Mallinckrodt's monthly sales amounts for a given opioid in the State of Tennessee?

Q. Well, see, here's the question. You're not bringing the information to us, so I need to know specifically how it is that plaintiffs in this lawsuit can figure out how many opioid products Mallinckrodt sold in the State of Tennessee certainly from 2010 forward.

Q. How could I make that determination?

Q. Well, tell me this. What source of information would I look to to determine how many opioid pills Mallinckrodt sold in the State of Tennessee in the year 2012?

Q. What sort of -- so let me ask you. So for IQVIA data maintained by Mallinckrodt, could one look at the IQVIA data and determine all of the opioids sold in the State of Tennessee from 2010 to the present that were actually filled at pharmacies.

Q. And what about -- you have branded products, but Mallinckrodt also sold unbranded generic products; fair?

Q. So how would district attorneys, who are the plaintiffs in this lawsuit, determine the volume of unbranded generic opioids that Mallinckrodt sold in the State of Tennessee from 2010 forward?

Q. So tell me about the internal sales records. What system are they maintained in?

Q. So the JD Edwards system -- will that show -- is that a system that could be used to show the volume of particular generic opioid products sold to Tennessee? [The requested portion of the transcript was read by the reporter.]

Q. Well, when you say that, I'm just trying to figure out if you could use the JD Edwards system to figure out how many generic opioid pills Mallinckrodt sold in the nine-county area of Tennessee at issue in this lawsuit.

Q. How would the attorneys general experiment to figure that out? How would they figure out how to use the JD Edwards information?

Q. Let me step back. I'll pull that question back. What reports are typically generated by the JD Edwards system?

Q. Did you look at JD Edwards system information in preparing to respond to Topic Number 7 for this deposition?

Q. Was the system operating for all the years from 2010 to the present day -- the JD Edwards system?

Q. And can you think of a report that could be generated from the JD Edwards system to tell us how many generic opioids were sold by Mallinckrodt into the State of Tennessee?

Q. During that period?

Q. What human being within Mallinckrodt would be the best person to ask that question to?

Q. You can't name the person as we sit here today?

Q. The sales data warehouse you mentioned -- is that a sales data warehouse that contains what's called charge-back data?

Q. Has Mallinckrodt produced to the plaintiffs in this litigation information it believes answers the question that is posed by Topic Number 7?

Q. And I'm not saying -- hearing you say with any specificity what actual specific system the plaintiffs could look to to find out Mallinckrodt's monthly opioid sales, at least for generic products, in Tennessee? Am I hearing you correctly?

Q. So the sales data warehouse would provide information about Mallinckrodt's monthly sales of generic opioid products in Tennessee; fair?

Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt has made the sales data that one could use to generate the Tennessee sales numbers available to the plaintiffs in this litigation?

Q. Does Mallinckrodt have charge-back data for all its generic opioid products sold in Tennessee?

Q. Well, what percentage of Mallinckrodt sales of unbranded plaids is reflected in its charge-back data? Do you know?

Q. And how far back would you have charge-back data? Back to 2010?

Q. So you don't know how far back. Can you say that it -- the charge-back data goes back to 2010 or not?

Q. Do you have it back to 2013?

Q. And if I said to you, you know what, I'd like to find out how many tablets of generic oxycodone Mallinckrodt sold to a particular ZIP code in the State of Tennessee in 2014, is that -- is it to charge-back data that you would look to get that information?

Q. Let me make sure I'm clear. The charge-back data you just described -- that's in the sales data warehouse?

Q. And you've talked about limitations, but that is the data you would rely on at Mallinckrodt to come up with the best number about the sales of unbranded generic products in Tennessee; is that fair?

Q. So to find out the sales numbers for branded products, we would look to IQVIA data; fair?

Q. Yeah, I'm not trying to be tricky. I'm literally trying to figure out this information. So am I right that IQVIA data is where we look to get the amounts of the sales figures for opioids that are branded in the State of Tennessee, or is there a better source of information for that within Mallinckrodt?

Q. Now, you talked about the complexity of the data relating to Mallinckrodt's sales amounts. Why coming to this deposition just didn't you bring Mallinckrodt's best answer as to its sales amounts nationally for each state, city, and region of its opioid products?

Q. Let me ask you, sir, are you familiar with Archos data?

Q. I mean, is Archos data reliable?

Q. Does anyone at Mallinckrodt use Archos data?

Q. Fair to say that you're testifying on behalf of Mallinckrodt today Mallinckrodt doesn't have any opinion on whether or not Archos data is reliable?

Q. Turning to Topic 9. Are you the person who's supposed to speak on Topic 9, communications by or with Mallinckrodt's chief executive officer concerning abuse or diversion, collectively or individually? Let me say that again. Do you see Topic 9 on your notice? It's Exhibit 1.

Q. Do you see it says communications by or with Mallinckrodt's chief executive officer and/or directors, collectively or individually, concerning the abuse and diversion of Mallinckrodt opioid products, the severity of the opioid crisis in Tennessee, the marketing of opioids in Tennessee, and the sales practices related to Mallinckrodt opioid products in Tennessee. Do you see that?

Q. So based on the objection, have you not come prepared to talk on this topic?

Q. What communications from Mallinckrodt's chief executive officer have you identified that you're ready to talk about?

Q. Have you identified a statement by a Mallinckrodt board member or the CEO specifically addressing diversion of opioids in the State of Tennessee?

Q. Have you seen a document that specifically deals with the shipment -- the illicit shipment of Mallinckrodt opioids from Florida to Tennessee and surrounding states?

Q. Have you seen any document involving the chief executive in which the chief executive articulated any specific steps that Mallinckrcdt would take to address the problem of diversion in the State of Tennessee?

Q. Have you seen any document from your chief executive at Mallinckrodt that in any way addressed the issue of pill mills selling Mallinckrodt products?

Q. Have you seen any document in which the chief executive of Mallinckrodt identified any specific step that Mallinckrodt would take to alleviate the opioid crisis in the State of Tennessee?

Q. Does Mallinckrodt as a company take any responsibility for the opioid crisis in the State of Tennessee?

Q. I've given you an opportunity to say whether Mallinckrodt takes responsibility in whole or in part for the opioid crisis in the State of Tennessee. Does Mallinckrodt take responsibility in whole or in part for that crisis?

Q. As a manufacturer of opioids, does Mallinckrodt have a duty to take reasonable steps to prevent diversion of those opioids?
