Witness:  Kevin Vorderstrasse
Attorney: MR. Ko
Source:   MNKOI0004557522
============================================================

Q. Good morning.

Q. Could you please state and spell your name for the record?

Q. And Mr. Vorderstrasse, where do you currently reside?

Q. And Mr. Vorderstrasse, have you had your deposition taken before?

Q. It's your first time? Congratulations.

Q. Let me go over some ground rules that are important. These court reporters here have the most important job here, so it's very important that we try and create a clean record to the extent that we can, so I would please ask that you wait until I finish my question before you respond, and I will likewise wait until you finish your response before I move onto my next question. In other words, let's not talk over each other. Okay?

Q. And to the extent I ask a yes-or-no question and your answer is indeed yes or no, I would ask that you make that clear and audible, rather than simply shaking your head or otherwise revealing a response that's inaudible. Okay?

Q. And from time to time, your counsel, Mr. Tsai, might object to my questions, but I'd ask that you please answer them unless he clearly instructs you otherwise. Okay?

Q. And throughout the day we'll be taking some breaks. It will be a long one. Hopefully it won't be too long, but whenever you feel like you need

Q. And do you mind if I call you Kevin?

Q. Okay. And Kevin, you were just sworn in, but is there anything that you can think of today or this morning that will prevent you from testifying truthfully or honestly today?

Q. Thank you. I'm going to hand you a copy of what we're going to call KV Exhibit 1. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Vorderstrasse-001 marked for identification.]

Q. Kevin, do you recognize that document?

Q. And what is it, to your understanding?

Q. And you understand that there are topics that plaintiffs in this case have asked Mallinckrodt to respond to and that you have been designated to testify on some of these topics? Is that your understanding?

Q. And before we get into the actual topics, as noted in this deposition, Mallinckrodt is defined as Mallinckrodt PLC, Mallinckrodt LLC, and SpecGX LLC, and I know that there is an ongoing dispute with respect to the PLC that I'll note for the record and plaintiffs reserve all rights with respect to the PLC, but for today I understand that you're testifying on behalf of the LLC and SpecGX LLC. Is that correct?

Q. And today we'll also be looking at some documents that reflect some Covidien e-mail addresses and some plan documents and marketing material that reflect Covidien materials. Is it fair -- or can we agree for purposes of today that Mallinckrodt -- or excuse me -- that Covidien refers to Mallinckrodt LLC and SpecGX as well?

Q. By the way, other than the LLC -- Mallinckrodt LLC and SpecGX LLC and Covidien, are there any other related entities that were involved with the manufacturing and marketing and promotion of prescription opioids that you are aware of?

Q. And for the record, with respect to the PLC, have you done -- have you had any communications with any employees or individuals that work fcr the PLC?

Q. So your attorney had a long objection. The question I would ask you to still answer, unless he instructs you otherwise. Have you had any communications with any employees or individuals that work for the PLC?

Q. And approximately how many individuals?

Q. And have any of these communications involved, as your counsel described, communications with respect to the marketing and distribution of prescription opioids in the United States?

Q. Now, turning back to this notice, as we discussed before, you have been designated to speak on behalf of the company on some topics, and it is my understanding that you have been designated to speak on behalf of Mallinckrodt for Topics 10, 11 -- let's try this. My understanding is that you have been designated to speak on behalf of Mallinckrodt for Topics 10, 11, and 12. Is that correct?

Q. And also Topics 17 and 18?

Q. And also Topic 19?

Q. Let's see. Topics 20, 21, and 22?

Q. I believe you're also testifying on behalf of Mallinckrodt for Topics 27 and 28. Is that correct? And I know there's a carveout in 27. We'll get to that in a second.

Q. And then Topics 29?

Q. And I think lastly Topic 31.

Q. Are all those topics, we the exception of the carveout in 27, topics that you will be testifying on behalf of Mallinckrodt today?

Q. Are there any other topics that I missed?

Q. And then going back to Topic 27, it's my understanding that you will be testifying as to that topic with the exception of the phrase distribution and diversion and suspicious order monitoring and compliance. So in other words -- let me rephrase.

Q. For Topic 27, you will be testifying on behalf of Mallinckrodt for the following topic. To the extent not encompassed within other topics, your marketing, promotion, sales, and pharmacovigilance concerning your generic opioid products.

Q. Thank you. Now, just for the record, so you are testifying on behalf of Mallinckrodt and you're providing corporate testimony on behalf of these entities. Do you understand that?

Q. And you're not testifying in your individual capacity here today?

Q. Can you describe to the court what you did to prepare for this deposition?

Q. And did you meet with counsel to prepare for this deposition?

Q. And which counsel did you meet with?

Q. Which attorneys?

Q. Was it Andrew O'Connor?

Q. And approximately how many times did you meet with them and for how long?

Q. Some good preparation, it sounds like.

Q. Sorry. I spoke over you. I broke my own rule. And as far as the conversations with employees you had -- why don't I do this? Why don't I hand you what will now be marked as KV Exhibit 2? [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Vorderstrasse-002 marked for identification.]

Q. Does this document look familiar to you?

Q. And this document was produced to plaintiffs this morning in advance of the deposition, and it appears based on what I can tell at the time that it comprises of materials you reviewed, among other things, and people you spoke to at Mallinckrodt to prepare for this deposition. Is that correct?

Q. And in terms of the individuals at Mallinckrodt that you spoke with to prepare for this deposition, there are some names that are listed in this exhibit; is that correct?

Q. And --

Q. The people that are listed here include Melissa Falcone, Kathy Schaefer, George Kegler, Jeff Kilper, and I believe that's all. Are those the individuals that you spoke with in preparation for this deposition today?

Q. So the only person you actually spoke with -- well, let's take a step back. Is Ms. Falcone an employee at Mallinckrodt?

Q. A current employee?

Q. And other than Ms. Falcone, is there any other current or former employee at Mallinckrodt that you spoke with in preparation for this deposition?

Q. And this KV Exhibit 2 also indicates or reflects some materials that you reviewed, and as you just alluded to, you looked at some documents. Does this exhibit constitute the entirety of the documents that you reviewed in preparation for this deposition?

Q. Okay. Were there any personal documents you reviewed that are not contained in the summary that you looked at in connection or in preparation for this deposition?

Q. In any of your meetings with your attorneys or in your conversations with Ms. Falcone, did you bring or raise any documents that are not listed in this summary?

Q. In terms of the documents that were selected and are contained in the summary, did you select any of the documents yourself, or were they all provided by counsel or selected by counsel?

Q. Other than people at -- other than employees at Mallinckrodt, both current and former, or your counsel, did you speak with anyone else in connection with preparing for this deposition today?

Q. What is your current position at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And what are your primary roles and responsibilities in that -- in connection with that position?

Q. So isolating on your role as a product manager, are the products you described insofar as generic drugs, addiction treatment, and active ingredients -- are those the products that you're referring to that you manage?

Q. And then with respect to generic drugs, are they all prescription opioids, or are there other generic drugs that you are product manager for?

Q. And approximately how many relative to the generic drugs? And by how many, I mean -- why don't you give the court an approximate percentage? So about how many of the products you manage are generic prescription plaids relative to the other types of generic drugs that you manage?

Q. Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then with respect to addiction treatment, are those all products that are addiction treatment for opioid use disorder?

Q. And do those include buprenorphine?

Q. And methadone?

Q. Does Mallinckrodt manufacture any Vivitrol or naltrexone?

Q. And can you give the court a general approximation as well of within the addiction treatment space what percentage of drugs you manage relative to the others?

Q. And within that 10 percent, how much is -- approximately how much is dedicated to bup versus methadone versus naltrexone?

Q. And has that generally been the case over time since Mallinckrodt has manufactured and distributed addiction treatment for opioid use disorder-type drugs?

Q. And in terms of the overall -- in terms of these drugs representing 10 percent of the overall portfolio, has that grown -- has that increased or decreased over time?

Q. And in connection with your role as a product manager, how long have you been in that role?

Q. And who do you primarily report to?

Q. And what's her position?

Q. And I won't ask all the people that report to you, but generally speaking, what departments or groups report to you?

Q. And approximately how many individuals do you oversee and/or report to you?

Q. I'm going to hand you a copy of what the court reporter is going to mark as KV Exhibit 3. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Vorderstrasse-003 marked for identification.]

Q. Kevin, does this document look familiar to you?

Q. I'll note for the record that it is your Linkedln profile --

Q. -- as of a few days ago. Does it appear to be the same as how you have posted this on your Linkedln website?

Q. And I won't go over in detail all these things that you've done, but I do want to focus on a few things that you list as your skills. Is it fair to say -- so in your Linkedln profile you have your summary where you list kind of the highlights of what you do at Mallinckrodt, and then below that ycu list a series of phrases, for lack of a better term, that talk about the types of skills that you have. Is that fair to say?

Q. So in other words, commercial strategy is something you have experience in?

Q. And I want to focus on a few of these, in particular return on investment marketing strategy, which you can see up there on the screen. Can you describe to the court what you mean by that?

Q. Okay. That's helpful.

Q. Okay. Well, then I won't bore everyone with marketing strategy because we have a general understanding of that, but why don't you describe to the court in your terms what return on investment means?

Q. And can you describe to the court why that skill is important at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And have you performed -- can I call return on investment ROI for purposes of the deposition today?

Q. Have you performed ROI-type activities or tasks at Mallinckrodt in connection with the manufacture and sale and distribution of prescription opioids?

Q. So is it strictly just new products that you've done ROI-type activities for, or have you done any ROI type of activity in connection with products that are already on the market or you're already selling or manufacturing?

Q. And how about Mallinckrodt in general? Do they do ROI-type analysis on ongoing prescription opioids that they sell and manufacture?

Q. Do you know whether or not -- I know you have some experience working in the specialty generics space as you just indicated in your current role, and I think -- I believe you've been in the generic space, for lack of a better term, in the past. Does Mallinckrodt provide any R0I-type activities on its generic portfolio?

Q. So generally speaking, the R0I-type analysis that both you do and the company does is dedicated to the new opportunities and future-looking-type investments?

Q. Further down in your Linkedln résumé, you describe one of your skills as being data-driven decision-making. Do you see that?

Q. And that's one phrase this time; correct?

Q. And what do you mean -- can you explain to the court what you mean by data-driven decision-making?

Q. And why is that generally important for a company like Mallinckrodt to utilize data-driven decision-making?

Q. And is it just profit and proper expenditure that -- I know we're speaking in general terms, so -- but in terms of other categories that impact the decisions that you make, is it simply just profit and expenditure, or are there other things that

Q. And when you speak about market factors, is it typical for Mallinckrodt with respect to a product or products or a portfolio of products to do some sort of SWOT analysis with respect to that product or portfolio?

Q. And by SWOT, you understand that I'm talking about strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats?

Q. And when you say it's not routine, are you saying that it's not the norm for Mallinckrodt to do a SWOT analysis with respect to its products or a portfolio of products?

Q. And do you know why that's the case?

Q. But you have done -- well, would you say in your experience at Mallinckrodt -- have you done SWOT analyses with respect to the opioid products that Mallinckrodt manufactures?

Q. Fair enough. Going back to your experience in the generic sector, I know right now you said you've been in this role that you described to the court for about a year and eight months. You have previous experience in the specialty generics portion of the business; is that fair to say?

Q. And how long is that experience?

Q. That's helpful. Thank you. And with respect to Mallinckrodt's generic business, approximately how many generic prescription plaids does Mallinckrodt manufacture?

Q. And is oxycodone -- the generic version of oxycodone one of the types of drugs that Mallinckrodt manufactures?

Q. And in the dosage of 15 milligrams and 30 milligrams?

Q. Are there any other milligrams -- or any other dosages that Mallinckrodt manufactures with respect to generic oxycodone?

Q. And is it fair to say that the generic version of the oxycodone, both in the 15-milligram and the 30-milligram version -- are those your bestselling -- are those Mallinckrodt's bestselling generic drugs?

Q. Let's take sales dollars and revenue, then. Was there any point in time from 2000 through two thousand -- to present which in oxy 15 and oxy 30, I'll call them for lack of a better term, were the highest revenue-producing drug at Mallinckrodt -- for Mallinckrodt? Excuse me.

Q. Is it fair to say that Mallinckrcdt derives substantial revenue from the sale and manufacture of oxy 15 and 30s?

Q. How about in the 2005 through 2010 time period? Would it be fair to say that Mallinckrodt derived a substantial amount of revenue from the sale and manufacture of oxy 15s and oxy 30s?

Q. And when you say larger portion -- relative to other drugs?

Q. And did Mallinckrodt also -- what other major types of prescription opioids in a generic form did -- or has Mallinckrodt manufactured during your tenure there?

Q. And when did Mallinckrodt get into the generic space? In other words --

Q. -- when was the first year that Mallinckrodt manufactured a generic version of an opioid?

Q. Which version was that?

Q. When did Mallinckrodt first manufacture the generic version of oxycodone?

Q. Was it early 2000s, approximately speaking?

Q. And then how about the generic version of that hydrocodone with acetaminophen? When did Mallinckrodt first manufacture that generic version?

Q. And then how about with respect to hydromorphone with acetaminophen? When did that first -- when did Mallinckrodt first manufacture that generic version?

Q. I'm sorry. I think I misheard you. When did Mallinckrodt first manufacture the oxycodone with acetaminophen generic version?

Q. And then with respect to the generic version of the methadone immediate release tablets, when did Mallinckrodt first manufacture that generic version?

Q. Going back to -- just real quickly, going back to KV Exhibit 3, which is in front of you.

Q. It appears that you've spent your entire career at Mallinckrodt. Is that correct?

Q. And before you joined Mallinckrodt -- or excuse me. You joined Mallinckrodt right after you graduated from Bradley university. Is that correct?

Q. And you -- I also see that you have an MBA from Wash U here in St. Louis. And did you do that while you were employed at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And did Mallinckrodt pay for that schooling?

Q. Approximately how much?

Q. You can set that aside for now -- your KV Exhibit 3. It probably makes sense to keep 1 and 2 in front of you just to refer to.

Q. Can you describe to the court what your understanding of a chargeback is?

Q. And is it just the wholesaler that's involved, or can there another entity that is subject to a chargeback?

Q. And referring back to KV Exhibit 2, it indicates that for purposes of Topic 12, which relates to chargebacks, among other things, you didn't review any materials, but you're testifying about this topic based on your own personal knowledge and that's it; is that correct?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt maintain chargeback data?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt have and/or possess any chargeback data from distributors?

Q. And do you know if Mallinckrodt obtains chargeback data from any other entity other than wholesale distributors?

Q. Do you have an understanding of what this chargeback data consists of?

Q. And what does it consist of?

Q. And in connection with this claim, does the wholesaler also provide information about the downstream customer that has purchased the product from the distributor?

Q. And when you say limited, what do you mean by that?

Q. And when you say it varies, does it vary because the terms of the contracts between Mallinckrodt and the distributor are all different, or does it vary between distributors just decide what to provide to you -- to Mallinckrodt? Excuse me.

Q. I know you -- in connection with Exhibit 2 you said that you're just testifying based on personal knowledge, but over your career at Mallinckrodt have you seen -- have you personally seen chargeback data or files that reveal chargeback information?

Q. And do some of those files contain information about the customer that purchases Mallinckrodt opioids from distributors?

Q. And do they also contain information about the quantity of pills that were purchased?

Q. And can you describe to the court what you mean by package?

Q. I see. And do the -- does the chargeback information that you reviewed in the past -- does it also contain information about the dollar amount of the transaction between the distributor and the purchaser of the Mallinckrodt plaids?

Q. You've never seen a chargeback sheet or file or any kind of data that reveals the purchase price between the distributor and the end user?

Q. A moment ago you had described that your understanding of a chargeback was that it represented the difference between -- or it represented some different amount between the distributor and the end user on one hand and the purchase price between Mallinckrodt and the distributor on the other. Was that a fair characterization of what you said previously?

Q. Why don't we do it this way?

Q. And with respect to the acquisition cost, that is a cost agreed upon between the wholesaler and Mallinckrodt„! correct?

Q. That is either accepted or not accepted by

Q. Right. Fair enough. So given your understanding that a chargeback represents the difference between the agreed-upon contract price that applies to a given sale from a wholesaler to a pharmacy, is it my understanding -- or am I correct that you previously testified a moment ago that the chargeback information you revealed did not reflect that price?

Q. Or those prices? Sorry.

Q. I see. And when a moment ago you said that the chargeback information does not reflect with certainty the price that the drug was actually sold, what do you mean by that?

Q. So your testimony is today that Mallinckrodt never had any visibility to the actual price that was charged between the distributor and the downstream customer?

Q. And were chargebacks and/or chargeback provisions contained in agreements between Mallinckrodt and distributors with respect to the sale of generic opioids that Mallinckrodt manufactured?

Q. Okay. So in other words -- if they apply broadly, did you -- well, let's take a step back. Did Mallinckrodt have any chargeback provisions with distributors with respect to branded opioids that Mallinckrodt manufactured and sold?

Q. And process question. When Mallinckrodt obtained some of this chargeback information, do you know how your company stored or housed this data and information? In other words, was it put into a central repository or database?

Q. And with respect to the database or databases that have been utilized to house this information, do you know which databases those are?

Q. And is that third -- what's the identity of that third-party aggregator?

Q. Do you use the database J.D. Edwards at all in connection with housing or maintaining chargeback data?

Q. And has that been the case over time that you've been there?

Q. Going back to your testimony a moment ago when you said that there was a rebates claim processing team. First of all, what's your understanding of the difference between a rebate and a chargeback?

Q. And when you said it's an additional discount that is offered, offered to whom? Distributors?

Q. And what other entities?

Q. And with respect to chargebacks, is it also fair to say that the chargeback amounts that you would pay, that Mallinckrodt would pay, were primarily provided to distributors?

Q. And you said before you had no understanding of any other entities that Mallinckrodt may have provided chargeback amounts to?

Q. And in connection with chargebacks in particular, is it fair to say that Mallinckrodt provided substantial sums to these distributors in the 2007 through 2012 time frame?

Q. And let's define -- can you agree with me for purpose of this questioning that substantial is defined as nine figures, so $100 million or more? Would you agree with me that Mallinckrodt has paid amounts exceeding $100 million in chargebacks to distributors in the 2007 through 2012 time period?

Q. And have they exceeded $500 million in some years?

Q. Have they gone up to $700 million in some years?

Q. And relative to the overall gross sales of generic plaids, do the chargeback amounts represent at least in some years a third to 40 percent of the total gross sales figures?

Q. Can you describe to the court why Mallinckrodt was willing to pay such substantial amounts in chargeback revenue to distributors?

Q. Is it fair to say that Mallinckrodt had an interest in providing chargeback amounts to distributors in order for the distributors to continue distributing Mallinckrodt-manufactured opioids?

Q. And aside from the contractual provisions, as a marketing strategy -- from a marketing strategy perspective or given your experience in product and portfolio management, do you feel that it was important for Mallinckrodt to continue paying chargeback amounts in order to make sure that the distributors continued distributing Mallinckrodt-manufactured opioids?

Q. Did you have any communications with distributors or any representatives of wholesale distributors with respect to the chargeback provisions in any particular agreement that Mallinckrodt had with these entities?

Q. And who was primarily responsible for that? In other words, what -- to the best of your knowledge, what individuals or what department at Mallinckrodt had that primarily -- primary responsibility?

Q. And who was the head or the heads of the national account team at Mallinckrodt from, let's say, the 2007 through 2012 time period?

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you

Q. Kevin, do you recognize this agreement at all? Or excuse me. Do you recognize this exhibit at all?

Q. I will represent for the record that this appears to be a supply policy agreement between Rite Aid and Mallinckrodt that was entered into January 1, 2010, and signed on January 12th, 2010. Is that a fair characterization of this document?

Q. And I believe I said January 10th, but I think the agreement was signed on January 12th.

Q. And for the record, KV Exhibit 4 begins at MNK-T1 0000365268. So Rite Aid, as we all knew, is a pharmacy; correct?

Q. And earlier you said that you were unaware of any chargeback provisions between pharmacies and Mallinckrodt. Do you remember that?

Q. Can you turn to Page 3 of this document and Paragraph 10? At Paragraph 10A, the agreement states weekly generic chargebacks, Rite Aid and vendor, vendor being Mallinckrodt, agree to the terms of the weekly generic chargebacks as described in Exhibit 4. Do you see that?

Q. So this appears to be an agreement that Mallinckrodt had with a pharmacy chain regarding chargebacks; is that fair?

Q. But you had no personal knowledge coming into this deposition that Mallinckrodt had such agreements with pharmacies; is that correct?

Q. And if we fast-forward to Exhibit 4 of this agreement, that is the Exhibit 4 that's referenced in the Section 10A that we just looked at; is that correct?

Q. And there are some details about the weekly generic chargeback that Rite Aid and Mallinckrodt are agreeing to; is that correct?

Q. And at the bottom -- well, there are various provisions and terms in this exhibit, but at the bottom of that exhibit, the last paragraph -- why don't you go ahead and read that last paragraph and let me know when you're done?

Q. Okay. So based on that last paragraph that you read, would it be fair to say that Rite Aid was providing some information to Mallinckrodt in connection with the chargeback provisions contained in this agreement? Is that a fair characterization?

Q. And this report in terms of frequency -- it was weekly; is that correct?

Q. And the information comprised -- the information provided by Rite Aid to Mallinckrodt was the result of an EDI feed. Does that sound familiar to you at all or do you know what that's referring to?

Q. And what is your understanding of an EDI feed?

Q. And details of what in this -- in the context of how you've seen it?

Q. And sales data reflecting the sales between in this case a pharmacy and some downstream customer? Is that a fair characterization?

Q. And so -- and presumably Rite Aid's wholesaler here is referring to a distributor; correct?

Q. And so in this context it appears that Rite Aid is providing some information from its wholesaler and transferring that to Mallinckrcdt through this EDI feed?

Q. And Rite Aid would subsequently transfer that information to Mallinckrodt; correct?

Q. In the third sentence it says a weekly report listing these purchases will be provided by Rite Aid to vendor. Do you see that? Did I read that correctly?

Q. And then the next sentence goes on to say the transactions on this report will be the result of an EDI feed from Rite Aid's wholesaler showing these purchases of product. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So in this context it does appear that the distributor is providing information to Rite Aid who was then transferring that information over to Mallinckrodt?

Q. Fair enough, but the original source of this information which pertains to purchases cf product, as this contract suggests, comes from the wholesaler and then that information is transferred over to Mallinckrodt; is that fair?

Q. And I know you said that you've never seen one of these or have any experience understanding an agreement containing a chargeback provision between Rite Aid -- or a pharmacy and Mallinckrodt, but it appears here in this paragraph that there are certainly amounts that Mallinckrodt is willing to pay to a pharmacy with respect to chargebacks; is that fair?

Q. Nevertheless, this is an agreement titled weekly generic chargeback, generic cost differential, and at least as agreed upon between Mallinckrcdt and Rite Aid, this appears to be an agreement containing chargeback amounts or provisions that Mallinckrodt is willing to pay to a pharmacy in connection with the distribution of Mallinckrodt opioids; is that fair?

Q. And let me stop you right there. By customer we're talking about -- just so we're on the same page, we're talking about Rite Aid here?

Q. Correct. Okay. So Mallinckrodt is paying

Q. And I want to fast-forward before -- I want to honor Rocky's request for a break to do, but just real quickly, turn back to the beginning of the document at Page -- the first page in Section 2B. You see where it says, no later than 90 days from the date of the first purchase order issued by Rite Aid to vendor, vendor being Mallinckrodt, Mallinckrodt must have EDI capability to exchange purchase orders, invoices, and advance shipment notices electronically in accordance with Rite Aid specifications at a minimum -- at minimum. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And so there's another reference here to EDI capability, and it appears that Rite Aid is imposing some sort of requirements upon how the EDI information is going to be transmitted to Mallinckrodt. Is that fair?

Q. And when you say industry standard, I just want to make sure I understand what you're saying. Industry standard in the context of agreements between pharmacies, or industry standard in the context of agreements between distributors, or both?

Q. And Kevin, welcome back from the break. Earlier you were testifying with respect to chargeback agreements and rebate arrangements that Mallinckrodt had with various entities. Can you generally describe to the court your awareness of any other types of incentive programs that Mallinckrodt had with either distributors or pharmacies?

Q. And in connection with Mallinckrodt's sale and manufacture of its opioid products, did it also have any agreements with pharmacy benefit managers?

Q. Do you know whether or not -- strike that. So with respect to its branded products, do you know whether or not Mallinckrodt had agreements with pharmacy benefit managers with respect to Mallinckrodt-branded opioids?

Q. And which PB -- which pharmacy benefit managers, which I'll call PBMs?

Q. Do you know who at Mallinckrodt would be in charge of -- or what departments would be in charge of the agreements Mallinckrodt had between -- or had with PBMs with respect to branded plaids products Mallinckrodt manufactured?

Q. And when you say at that time, what time are you referring to?

Q. And which -- for the record, which branded opioid was that?

Q. And that is -- I've referred to is as "Xart-emis," but you said as --

Q. "Xar-temis." Okay. That's helpful to know. And by the way, when was -- when did Mallinckrodt stop marketing Exalgo?

Q. And just to actually round out the time periods, when did Mallinckrodt begin marketing Exalgo?

Q. And the same question with respect to "Xart-emis." Can you say it again?

Q. "Xar-temis."

Q. And then you pulled it off in 2014 as well, so it only lasted for a year? Is that what you're saying?

Q. Going back to KV Exhibit 2. We had a discussion earlier this morning off the record about some of the things that were contained in it, but there is a response. Do you see the response column that's provided in this exhibit?

Q. And it appears that there is -- we were provided this document for the record, but it appears that there is a response to the topic that you are being designated to testify on. Is that a fair characterization of that column?

Q. And can we incorporate by reference in your testimony today all these responses? Are you comfortable doing that?

Q. So in other words, the responses contained in this document accurately reflect the responses you would give in response to these topics?

Q. Do you know what 867 data is?

Q. So is it strictly regulated -- in other words, it's sales data between wholesalers and pharmacy customers as far as your understanding?

Q. And what do you mean by in this case?

Q. Understood, but just so I'm clear, 867 data could reveal more sales data than just between wholesalers and pharmacies; correct? It could also include wholesalers and other downstream purchasers of pharmaceuticals?

Q. And by the way, for the record, what does -- what is your understanding of what EDI stands for?

Q. And was that an actual third-party vendor that housed this type of data -- like in other words, an actually entity called EDI, or is it a term of art in the industry?

Q. And did Mallinckrodt purchase -- ever purchase 867 data?

Q. And that data is 867 data?

Q. Fair enough. Fair enough. So Mallinckrodt didn't directly purchase the 867 data from

Q. To Mallinckrodt; correct?

Q. And what is 852 data?

Q. And similar to the 867 data, did Mallinckrodt also acquire 852 data from wholesalers?

Q. So just so the record is clear, if pursuant to the fee-for-service agreements there was a provision for the acquisition of 852 and 867 data, Mallinckrodt was provided this information from a distributor; correct?

Q. And do you have a general understanding of what time period -- or strike that. Do you know when Mallinckrodt first started obtaining either 852 or 867 data from distributors?

Q. Do you have a general understanding of whether or not that was before the 2010 time period?

Q. Was it sometime between 2000 and 2010?

Q. And who at Mallinckrodt would be responsible for managing or administering the acquisition of 852 or 867 data from a distributor?

Q. Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. So you're part of the product management team now and have been in the past; correct?

Q. And when you say that the product management team would be involved in the decision to acquire such data -- what were some of the reasons that Mallinckrodt would decide to acquire this data?

Q. When you say that they were made a very long time ago, are you saying that it was a business decision by someone at Mallinckrodt that seems to be a business practice over time that you simply abided by?

Q. Got it. And you are still acquiring 852 and 867 data currently?

Q. And are you acquiring 867 and 852 data with respect to opioid products that Mallinckrodt manufactures and sells?

Q. Including Mallinckrodt opioids?

Q. It's just important that we don't talk over each other.

Q. That's okay. I want to hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as KV Exhibit 5. It's an e-mail with an attachment, so there's -- [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Vorderstrasse-005 marked for identification.]

Q. I'm handing you -- the court reporter has just handed you KV Exhibit 5, which is Bates-stamped MNK-Tl 0000387037, and is an e-mail exchange involving among others Karen Harper and Bill Ratliff dated July 18th, 2007. Do you see that?

Q. And this e-mail also contains an attachment. Do you see that?

Q. Attachment is titled supply chain project, IntegriChain. Have you ever heard of IntegriChain?

Q. What's your understanding of what IntegriChain is?

Q. And do you know whether or not IntegriChain was -- did Mallinckrodt ever retain IntegriChain at any time you were there for third-party data aggregating purposes?

Q. Did you --

Q. Fair enough. Going back to the e-mail, who's your -- can you describe to the court who Karen Harper is?

Q. Do you work with her at all?

Q. In what capacity?

Q. And how frequent would you describe your communications with her? Daily? Weekly?

Q. Monthly at best? Okay. And who's Bill Ratliff?

Q. And do you have any communications with Mr. Ratliff?

Q. Have you ever had any communications with him?

Q. So I understand that IntegriChain was not retained for commercial purposes of data aggregation as you understand it, but this attachment contains kind of a, for lack of a better term, general scope of work that they would -- that they were pitching Mallinckrodt for. Is that fair to say?

Q. Why don't we take a look at the attachment and look at the first sentence?

Q. The title of this document says supply chain project, IntegriChain, and the first sentence says, in order to address the risks of abuse and diversion at the pharmacy/patient level, we will need better and further visibility into the supply chain. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And with that noted for the record, Kevin, did I read that first sentence correctly?

Q. And so it appears that IntegriChain is approaching Mallinckrodt to present the ability to access some data to better and further understand the supply chain after Mallinckrodt manufactures a drug. Is that a fair characterization?

Q. Industry data that will allow Mallinckrodt to better and further understand visibility into the supply chain; correct?

Q. Fair enough. And among the proprietary tools that IntegriChain is suggesting that it has the ability to do, it is basically saying, if you look further down, that they can aggregate a large level of various forms of data, as reflected by those bullets in the middle of that page. Do you see that?

Q. And among the things that it is purporting to do in the second-to-last bullet under the proprietary tools section, it indicates that IntegriChain has the ability to validate chargebacks against 867 and fast non-retail save on audit fees. Do you see that?

Q. Do you have any understanding of how chargebacks can be validated against 867 sales data?

Q. And separate and apart from what they may have proposed to do, have you ever in your experience or do you have any understanding of how Mallinckrodt validates chargebacks against 867 data?

Q. And so -- thank you. That's a very helpful explanation. Is it fair to say then that the 867 data is a -- I guess is a check- or a validation-type tool to use to ensure that the chargeback amounts being paid to the distributors are accurate?

Q. And just to confirm, the 867 sales data has information regarding the sales price between a distributor and a downstream customer of that distributor; correct?

Q. Thank you for that clarification. The -- so the contracted price as between whom?

Q. That's helpful. Thank you. You can put that aside. Do you know if Mallinckrodt ever had arrangements with -- or strike that. Are you familiar with the entity OptiSource?

Q. And are you familiar with -- is it fair to say that there's a buying group called OptiSource? Or how would you -- why don't you describe to the court --

Q. -- what your understanding of OptiSource is?

Q. And do you know whether -- thank you for that explanation. Did -- were there any other entities that represented multiple regional distributors that Mallinckrodt had arrangements with for the manu -- for the sale of Mallinckrodt opioid products?

Q. Is it your general understanding that there may have been other entities or buying groups other than OptiSource that Mallinckrodt may have had arrangements with tc sell its opioid products?

Q. And would these buying groups provide -- or strike that. Would there be any agreements or provisions in the agreements between Mallinckrodt and these buying groups that would contain provisions with respect to chargebacks or 852 and 867 sales data?

Q. So as you can see, I'm just trying to get

Q. And you had arrangements with regional distributor groups that potentially contained chargeback provisions and agreements to acquire 852 and 867 sales data; is that correct?

Q. With respect to the 867 data in particular, do you know for the agreements in which Mallinckrodt had such agreements in place to acquire this data -- do you know the frequency of which they were acquiring 867 data from a distributor?

Q. Do you know whether or not Mallinckrodt obtained 867 data from Cardinal?

Q. Do you have any understanding of whether or not Mallinckrodt obtained 867 data from AmerisourceBergen?

Q. And how about with respect to McKesson? Do you know whether or not Mallinckrodt obtained 867 data from McKesson?

Q. And do you have an understanding of how frequent that data was provided? Let's start with McKesson. Do you know how frequent the 867 data was provided to Mallinckrodt by McKesson?

Q. Generally speaking with respect to distribut -- any distributor, what was the longest period in which you recall the data being provided to Mallinckrodt?

Q. That's helpful. Do you know who Carol -- I might not be saying this correctly, but Carol Svejkosky is?

Q. Did you have any communications with Carol?

Q. And what were the nature of those communications?

Q. Sure. I'm going to hand you a copy of what the court reporter will mark as KV Exhibit 6. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Vorderstrasse-006 marked for identification.]

Q. For the record, KV Exhibit 6 is an e-mail exchange involving multiple people at Mallinckrodt/Covidien, and the first page of that document is Bates-stamped MNK-Tl 0005905464, and appears to be an e-mail exchange dated -- titled EDI 867 transmissions, Cardinal request, and it is dated in the March 9th, 2012, time period. Do you see that?

Q. Feel free -- I have some pretty specific questions based on this document, so feel free to consult the whole thing if you need to, but hopefully we can move things along by just asking and pointing you to some specific areas. So first of all, if you look at pa -- if you look at the second page cf this e-mail, there's an e-mail from Carol, and it appears that she is the director of contracts and government reporting. Do you see that?

Q. And so I know earlier you said that she was in finance and involved in generics. Does this refresh your recollection at all that she was actually also a director in contracts and government reporting?

Q. And certainly this isn't a memory test of every single person and what their titles were at Mallinckrodt. I know there were a lot of employees there. But in connection with Carol's role as a director of contracts and government reporting, did you have any communications with her, now that you see what her role is in that position as director of contracts and government reporting?

Q. Was there ever a time -- so with respect to the 867 data, you had testified earlier -- and correct me if I'm wrong -- but the 867 data was acquired by Mallinckrodt in connection with the manufacture of its opioid products; correct?

Q. And was -- did Mallinckrodt also obtain 867 data in connection with any other products it manufactured other than its generic opioid products?

Q. And how about any other product that Mallinckrodt manufactures in sales, including non-opioids? Do you know whether or not Mallinckrodt obtained 867 data in connection with non-opioid products it manufactured and sold?

Q. Got it. Thank you. And was there ever a time that you recall that Mallinckrodt did not obtain this 867 data for its generic products?

Q. Do you know whether or not the FDA ever mandated or required Mallinckrodt to obtain such data, such data being 867 data?

Q. Do you have any understanding of -- so EDI we discussed before was a data aggregator of lots of things. Does the term 844 data ring a bell to you at all?

Q. And what's your general understanding of that?

Q. And do you know whether or not Mallinckrodt had acquire -- ever acquired 844 data with respect to its generic products?

Q. And similar to the 852 and 867 data, was the 844 data acquired via a distributor or was it acquired via some other channel?

Q. And do you know whether or not either Cardinal, McKesson, or ABC had provi -- ABC being AmerisourceBergen

Q. -- had provided 844 data to Mallinckrodt at any time with respect to Mallinckrodt's generic products?

Q. You can put that aside. Does the -- I know earlier you had talked about some databases that had housed certain information, and I believe you had referred to Cognos?

Q. And approximately how long did -- or how long has Mallinckrodt utilized Cognos as its data query tool for its data warehouse?

Q. And is it fair to say that among the data it warehouses, includes sales data?

Q. And what about Essbase? E-S-S-B-A-S-E. Does that database sound familiar to you at all?

Q. And what is your understanding of what it is?

Q. And did you ever utilize Essbase in connection with any financial plans or documents you were involved in connection with your marketing roles at Mallinckrodt?

Q. What about DART? D-A-R-T. Does that database sound familiar to you at all?

Q. And how did Mallinckrodt, if at all, utilize that database?

Q. Got it. Got it. And earlier we talked about the J.D. Edwards database. Do you recall that?

Q. Is there a -- I've seen references in documents to JDE and JDA. Is there a -- are those both in reference to J.D. Edwards, or are those two different things, if you know?

Q. Forecasting and planning production of what?

Q. Including --

Q. What about with respect to branded products? Any coverage there?

Q. And what about -- I'm sure you'll know this -- IMS? Mallinckrodt utilized IMS data with respect to its -- the products it manufactured; correct?

Q. And I know that there have been various iterations, if you will, of IMS and there's various entities that are involved. Can you describe for me what entities Mallinckrodt purchased IMS or IMS-type data from from the period in which -- from between the period in which it first manufactured an opioid product to present?

Q. Does the entity or database Xponent sound familiar to you?

Q. And so in connection with Mallinckrodt's acquisition of IMS data it also acquired Xponent data; is that fair to say?

Q. So only in support of the branded products?

Q. And the database ValueTrak. Does that ring a bell to you?

Q. So that -- so earlier we looked at IntegriChain as making a proposal to house data, including EDI data, but as far as your knowledge, Mallinckrodt never retained IntegriChain but instead has retained ValueTrak to aggregate data, including EDI data; correct?

Q. And that EDI data includes 852 and 867 data; correct?

Q. Now, we were talking a moment agc about IMS data. What's your general understanding of -- strike that. What time period did Mallinckrodt to the best of your knowledge acquire IMS data?

Q. And it continues to purchase this data in some form today; correct?

Q. Mallinckrodt -- and it being Mallinckrodt?

Q. And can you describe to the court why Mallinckrodt purchased IMS/IQVIA data in connection with its -- in connection with this portfolio?

Q. So is it fair to say that Mallinckrodt purchased IMS/IQVIA data in connection with both its branded and generic opioid products?

Q. And do you have any understanding of how much Mallinckrodt paid to acquire this data on an annual basis?

Q. Sure. And what's your general understanding?

Q. Okay. I'm sorry to interrupt. And do -- so it sounds like you also then pay for and receive some international IMS data?

Q. And when did Mallinckrodt start paying for international data?

Q. And who -- which department was in charge of acquiring IMS data?

Q. And going back to when you were talking about the generics product management team acquiring this data, once they acquired it, who was it generally disseminated to? In other words, what teams at Mallinckrodt would receive IMS data?

Q. And by the way, on the marketing team, did Mallinckrodt distinguish marketing team between its brand products and its generic products, or was there just one marketing team that led both aspects of Mallinckrodt's business?

Q. And the IMS data was shared within both the generics and branded teams; is that correct?

Q. So the Xponent was not shared or was not disseminated beyond the brand team at all, or just not shared with the generic aspect of the business?

Q. Did the IMS data allow Mallinckrodt to track number of contacts to physicians?

Q. Do you mean in the sense that -- well, let's take a step back. Do you know whether or not IMS had the capability of tracking the number of contacts to physicians?

Q. So as far as your understanding is, Mallinckrodt did not purchase IMS data to gain insight into the number of contacts sales reps may have had with doctors?

Q. Do you know in connection with the IMS data that Mallinckrodt purchased whether or not the data could be aggregated by specialty in terms of physician specialty and their prescribing habits?

Q. And does the IMS data also allow Mallinckrodt to track dosage?

Q. Sure. Have you heard of the term MME?

Q. And does -- and so the record is clear, what's your understanding of what MME is?

Q. And do you have any understanding of whether or not Mallinckrodt acquired IMS data to track and understand MME amounts of its products and its competitors' products?

Q. Do you know whether or not any of the data that IMS purchased contained MME amounts or -- yeah.

Q. Strike that. Do you know whether or not the data that Mallinckrodt purchased from IMS contained MME amounts?

Q. Did IMS -- currently IQVIA -- data allow Mallinckrodt to track total sales of its products and its competitors' products?

Q. And how are you defining total sales volume?

Q. And when you said total quantity, what do you mean by that? How are you defining quantity? Pills or MMEs, or how?

Q. So just so I understand, you're defining total quantity to include the milligram strength by -- excuse me. I just want to unpack kind of your answer here --

Q. -- because there's a lot of things that went into it.

Q. So in terms of total quantity and what you were purchasing from IMS, it included, among other things, a total kilograms of active ingredient; is that correct?

Q. That's helpful. And in addition to that, you had also purchased from IMS individual dosage units; correct?

Q. And have you ever heard of the term extended unit?

Q. What's your understanding of extended unit?

Q. And --

Q. And so in other words, would it be a fair characterization that extended unit represents the vehicle in which the opioid is delivered? Like you said, it could be either in a tablet or it could be in liquid form or some other form?

Q. Rather than extended unit?

Q. And the individual dosage unit -- strike that. What -- how is the milligram amount factored into an individual dosage unit?

Q. I'm going to hand you a copy of what will be marked as KV Exhibit 7. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Vorderstrasse-007 marked for identification.]

Q. So you've been handed a copy of KV Exhibit 7 by the court reporter, and this exhibit I'll note for the record contains a cover e-mail and attachment, and the cover e-mail is Bates-stamped MNK-T1 0000754547. And unless you need to refer to the cover e-mail -- I mean, you're more than welcome to, but I have mostly questions about this attachment that is titled U.S. pain market update dated October 16th, 2012. Does this document look familiar at all to you?

Q. And what type of data is it presenting?

Q. And when you said earlier that ycu recognized the general format, what did you mean by that?

Q. And if you comb through this document starting with the first page, Page 2 --

Q. -- you'll see some graphs, and they reveal some source material. You see that on the bottom right-hand corner?

Q. And the source material includes IMS NSP and NPA --

Q. -- October 2006 through July 2012. Did I read that correctly?

Q. So we talked about IMS. What is your understanding of NSP data?

Q. And so it's data that is produced in connection with Mallinckrodt's purchase of IMS data; is that fair?

Q. And what about with respect to NPA? What does NPA stand for?

Q. And by specialty, you mean by physician specialty?

Q. And so similar to the NSP information, Mallinckrodt acquired the NPA data in connection with its purchases of IMS data; is that correct?

Q. And by the way, on this page, it's titled U.S. pain market is flattening. You have on the bottom left-hand column some general commentary with respect to the pain market. Do you see that?

Q. And again, going back to the beginning of this document, it is dated October 16th, 2012, and so this appears to be a reflection of Mallinckrodt's perspective on the pain market at the time. Is that fair to say?

Q. And then it indicates in the -- there are two major bullets, but in the first bullet underneath the second bullet there is a phrase there that indicates that scrutiny of opioid prescribing is increasing. Do you see that?

Q. Do you have an understanding of what that is referring to?

Q. And what's your general understanding?

Q. And when you say many different sides --

Q. -- what do you mean by that?

Q. And would it be fair to say that this scrutiny also is increasing as a result of abuse, diversion, and misuse of prescription cpioids?

Q. Sure. But is it fair to say that Mallinckrodt was aware that there was some scrutiny with respect to opioid prescribing at least as of October 16th, 2012, and according to this document; correct?

Q. And would it be fair to say that scrutiny includes the abuse, misuse, and diversion of prescription opioids?

Q. Putting aside this document, the -- was Mallinckrodt ever concerned when it was manufacturing its opioids regarding the abuse potential and the misuse potential of its products?

Q. And when you say the abuse or misuse potential of opioids is very commonly understood, would you say that that was commonly understood by Mallinckrodt since the beginning of when it first started manufacturing prescription opioids?

Q. And what about -- I understand your reference to the labels, but the question was specifically about the abuse and misuse potential of opioid products. Did Mallinckrodt understand when it first started manufacturing opioid products in the mid-1990s of their abuse and misuse potential?

Q. And when you say you don't have any specific data, do you mean at that time or throughout the time that Mallinckrodt manufactured opioid products?

Q. And setting aside abuse and misuse, does the concept or term diversion mean anything to you?

Q. What's your understanding of diversion?

Q. And do you know whether or not Mallinckrodt investigated or generate -- strike that. Did Mallinckrodt ever investigate the diversion potential of its opioid products at any time?

Q. Welcome back from lunch, Kevin. I want to turn your attention back to Exhibit 2.

Q. Gave you Exhibit 2. And on Page 3, at the bottom of Page 3, there's a reference to Topic 19. Do you see that?

Q. And in connection with Topic 19, it appears that you -- in addition to reviewing documents, you received information from Kathy Schaefer, George Kegler, and Jeff Kilper. Do you see that?

Q. And as you alluded to earlier, this -- you didn't actually speak with them, but you received documents from them -- correct -- as selected by counsel?

Q. And who is Kathy Schaefer?

Q. And treasurer of both the LLC -- Mallinckrodt LLC and SpecGX, or one over the other?

Q. And how about George Kegler? Whc is he?

Q. And Jeff Kilper -- who is he?

Q. So I know we touched on this before, but just so the record is clear, Mallinckrodt did in fact maintain financial information and accounting information regarding marketing expenditures with respect to its opioids that it manufactured; correct?

Q. And by whole department level, you had a P & L for the entire generic line of business, in other words; correct?

Q. And with respect to -- actually, scratch that, or strike that. In addition to P & L statements, were there any other types of financial statements that Mallinckrodt possessed or maintained that tracked its opioid products?

Q. And when you say that they're periodic, do you have any idea or understanding of how frequent they were?

Q. And with respect to both the brand and generic portfolio of Mallinckrodt, what department was in charge of tracking this financial information?

Q. And were -- did the marketing department ever have any involvement in preparing the financial information we were discussing?

Q. The court reporter is going to hand you a copy of what's been marked as KV Exhibit 8. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Vorderstrasse-008 marked for identification.]

Q. Now, for the record, the court reporter has handed you a copy of KV Exhibit 8, which is Bates-stamped MNK-Tl 0000432950, an e-mail chain from October 15th, 2010, that contains an attachment, which is at MNK-11 0000432952. So it appears that this e-mail chain involves some financial statements involving the generic aspect of Mallinckrodt's business and involves among other people Randy Meisner. Do you know who Randy Meisner is?

Q. And who is he?

Q. And was he generally responsible for creating financial statements including forecasts of the generic side of the business?

Q. And did he have any responsibility with respect to the branded aspect of Mallinckrodt's business?

Q. And so he's attaching, as you can see, some financial statements which I referred to earlier, and the attachment appears to be some P & L statements regarding the specialty generics line of Mallinckrodt's business. Is that correct?

Q. And earlier we had talked about Mallinckrodt's gross sales with respect to its generic line of business, and we have that captured here at least in terms of actual numbers for fiscal year 2010 and some budget and expected numbers for 2011. Is that accurate?

Q. And can you remind the court your definition of gross sales -- how you determined or how you defined gross sales as it relates to the generic business of Mallinckrodt?

Q. And is that definition captured in these numbers here in terms of gross sales of specialty generics?

Q. Do you have any reason to doubt that this is an annual profit-and-loss statement for the specialty generics division, at least with respect to actual fiscal year 2010 and forecasted numbers for 2011?

Q. And help me understand -- well, strike that. Underneath gross sales we have some line items for chargebacks. Do you see that?

Q. And earlier we were talking about substantial amounts Mallinckrodt was providing to distributors for chargebacks.

Q. Do you see these numbers here on the chargeback line item?

Q. And so these are the amounts that Mallinckrodt is paying to distributors pursuant to those agreements that we had discussed earlier this morning; is that correct?

Q. So in 2010 the actual amount spent by Mallinckrodt in terms of chargebacks paid to distributors was approximately $700 million; is that correct?

Q. And Mallinckrodt budgeted approximately that same amount -- a little less, but approximately $686 million for 2011; correct?

Q. And just so the record is clear, can you -- or what is OCT LE? Is that October --

Q. And so for -- in other words, what that's capturing is as of October that was the latest estimate for the projection of that year, what the amount would be?

Q. And so for this two-year time period it appears that Mallinckrodt has both paid and is expecting to pay anywhere from $660 to $700 million in chargebacks to distributors; is that correct?

Q. And do you know before and after this time whether or not that same -- that number was generally the same? Did it fluctuate significantly or was it around the $650 to $700 million range?

Q. And thank you for that. So as a proportion of gross sales here we have -- at least in actual 2010 numbers it was an amount that was over 50 percent. I think if I do the math it's almost --

Q. -- it's like 50 -- approximately 57 percent of all the gross sales is represented in chargebacks. Is that correct?

Q. And so that number that appears below the gross sales number -- the gross less chargebacks -- without sounding too obvious, that is basically the $1.3 million minus the 700K -- or $700 million in chargebacks?

Q. And so when you said earlier that the relative proportion of chargebacks to sales remained pretty constant over time, do you mean to say that -- or is one way of saying that that chargebacks represented approximately 50 to 60 percent of Mallinckrodt's gross sales on specialty generics throughout the relevant time period?

Q. That's helpful. And below the line item chargebacks you see that row rebates?

Q. And we had discussed before the concept of rebates, and so again, these are amounts Mallinckrodt is paying to distributors in the form of rebates and/or discounts as payment pursuant to the agreements Mallinckrodt had with distributors; correct?

Q. And just so we're clear -- and I want to make sure because we talked about both distributors and pharmacies earlier this morning -- on this line item, these rebates -- are they also solely with respect to -- are these amounts only being paid to distributors or do these amounts reflect any amounts paid to pharmacies as well?

Q. And same question with respect tc chargebacks. I know we had -- you had testified earlier this morning that the chargeback amounts were only provided to distributors, but to the extent that there were also chargebacks provided to pharmacies, does this amount presumably cover amounts paid to both types of entities?

Q. By the way, the generic cost differential issue that we talked about earlier this morning that existed between Mallinckrodt and Rite Aid -- did looking at that contract earlier this morning refresh your recollection at all as to other similar types of agreements that Mallinckrodt had with other pharmacies that were similar to the one we discussed?

Q. That's helpful. Turning further down that page, there are some line items that discuss the marketing budget of specialty generics. Do you see that row that I'm highlighting here?

Q. So it appears that relative to the overall expenses, the -- marketing was lower, but there's some marketing of specialty generics going on; is that fair to say?

Q. So that's very helpful. So the conduct that you just described there -- those expenses are captured in these numbers here? Is that accurate?

Q. And so just so the record is clear, Mallinckrodt did engage in marketing of its specialty generic products; is that correct?

Q. And yes, you did engage in those types of marketing activities with respect to your generic line of business; is that correct?

Q. Now, earlier this morning you had testified about how Mallinckrodt had derived substantial revenue from its generic portfolio. Do you recall that?

Q. And in particular I think you had said that a fair amount of revenue was obtained by Mallinckrodt through its sale of oxy 15s and oxy 30s. Is that accurate?

Q. And when they were a slightly larger portion, that was approximately from the 2005 to 2010 time period; is that fair?

Q. Do you have any understanding of the general time period in which the oxy 15s and cxy 30s were a source of substantial revenue for the company?

Q. Is it fair to say that Mallinckrcdt has a large market share of generic opioid products at this time?

Q. And how long has Mallinckrodt -- approximately how many years has Mallinckrodt held the top spot in terms of generic market share?

Q. And during the 2005 to 2012 time period, can you describe or can you explain to the court what position or what rank Mallinckrodt may have been in terms of generic market share?

Q. And products being the generic products?

Q. And fast-forwarding back to present when You said that Mallinckrodt currently has the Number 1 market share. Do you have a general understanding of what percentage that represents relative to the overall market share -- or overall market? Excuse me.

Q. And during the time period we were discussing before when Mallinckrodt was either Number 1 or Number 2, what has been the general or approximate percentage of Mallinckrodt's market share relative to the rest of the market?

Q. And did -- with respect to the generics, did Mallinckrodt further delineate or differentiate between regions or territories in the United States?

Q. Do you look at your branded market on a regional or geographical level?

Q. Just a few more questions on this document, or maybe just one set of further questions. On -- going back to the top of the page, do you see the line item allowances?

Q. And it appears that that ranges from anywhere from $10 to $13 million during the relevant time period of this document. Can you describe to the court what allowances are in the context of this financial statement?

Q. I see. So it's -- strike that. Going back to the cover e-mail and your testimony about Mr. Meisner, he was again responsible for creating some of these financial forecasts, and did I hear you correctly that he sometimes would create these on a weekly basis?

Q. I see. And going back to the cover e-mail, there are some other people that I'd just like to ask you about real quickly. Who is Michael Gunning?

Q. And is he still with the company right now?

Q. And then Ginger Collier I understand to be -- she was the director of the generics marketing business; is that correct?

Q. Do you know whether or not she had any input or consulted with Randy in preparing the finances or the financial forecasts?

Q. And sorry to jump around, but going back to the attachment, going back to the gross sales -- so again here we have gross sales of the specialty generics business amounting to approximately $1.3 billion throughout these two years. How did that compare to the gross sales of Mallinckrodt's branded business?

Q. And can we talk about order of magnitude? How much greater were gross sales in the specialty generics business relative to the branded business of Mallinckrodt?

Q. Was there ever a time during the period in which Mallinckrodt manufactured opioid products in which the gross sales of its branded products exceeded 25 percent of the gross sales of Mallinckrodt's generic products?

Q. So in other words, throughout the time period in which Mallinckrodt was manufacturing opioids, it's fair to say that the generic line of business represented a substantial portion of the overall sales of its opioid products; is that correct?

Q. Thank you for that clarification. So just so I understand, you're saying that the net sales with respect to Mallinckrodt's branded opioid products was greater than the net sales of Mallinckrodt's generic products?

Q. Sure. Sorry. And I misheard.

Q. So thank you for that clarification. I'm going to hand you now a copy of what will be marked as KV Exhibit 9. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Vorderstrasse-009 marked for identification.]

Q. And so the record is clear, the KV Exhibit 9 represents an e-mail chain that starts at MNK-T1 0000658227. And it took us until 1:00 this afternoon, but I have an e-mail which actually has your name on it.

Q. Do you see that? Do you recognize this document at all?

Q. And what is it discussing in general?

Q. And it sounds like there's some additional groups that are referenced in this e-mail, but actually, before I get to that, it looks like Lisa Cardetti is sending this to the marketing team. Do you see that?

Q. And you're a member of the marketing team?

Q. And who is Lisa Cardetti?

Q. And in the second paragraph -- I guess it's the third paragraph -- excuse me -- of this e-mail -- there's a reference to a cage/vault agreement effective October 2012. Do you see that?

Q. Can you describe to the court what types of cage/vault agreements Mallinckrodt had with other entities?

Q. And so the cage and vault structure is an actual physical structure that we're referring to?

Q. And why was it important for Mallinckrodt to incentivize a direct customer or subsidize the purchase of a cage and vault?

Q. Do you have any understanding of the amount of agreements that Mallinckrodt had with -- for which Mallinckrodt would sell directly to the pharmacy chain warehouse?

Q. And when we talk about proportion, can you give the court a general understanding of the approximate percentage relative to all of the agreements Mallinckrodt had?

Q. And the product volume including branded and generics, or are we just talking generics right now?

Q. And did you have a cage and vault provision in any of your agreements with pharmacy chains directly with respect to branded products that Mallinckrodt manufactured?

Q. And with respect to the physi -- the actual physical cage and vault structure, was one of the reasons that Mallinckrodt -- strike that. Was one of the reasons that a pharmacy chain warehouse wanted a cage and vault structure to -- was to prevent abuse and diversion of the opioid products that Mallinckrodt manufactured?

Q. And in the context of this e-mail, you had referred to Price Chopper being a grocery outlet with a pharmacy located at the groceries; is that correct?

Q. And by the way, where were Price Chopper stores located in the United States?

Q. You can set that aside. I'm now going to hand you a copy of what will be marked as KV Exhibit 10. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Vorderstrasse-010 marked for identification.]

Q. KV Exhibit 10 is an e-mail chain with Bates-stamp MNK-11 0001958991. And this represents an e-mail chain between Randy Meisner -- or from Randy Meisner and several other people, including once again yourself. And it's dated November 8th, 2012. We had talked about Randy before, but in terms of the other people that are involved in this e-mail, including yourself, how frequently did you meet to discuss financial forecasts of the generic line of business?

Q. And generally speaking, the people involved in this e-mail -- what departments did they represent? Are these all people within the generic line of business at Mallinckrodt, or are there people on here from other segments of Mallinckrodt's business?

Q. And you said that you would meet at least once a month. Were there circumstances in which you would meet more frequently than that?

Q. And what role did you play in the creation and/or input of any of these financial forecasts?

Q. And who were these results generally shared with?

Q. You can set that aside. I want to switch gears to a different topic. Is it correct to say that Mallinckrodt employed sales reps to market and sell its prescription opioids?

Q. Did you ever employ national account managers to contract for the sale of branded prescription opioids?

Q. And approximately how many sales reps did Mallinckrodt employ to market and sell Mallinckrodt prescription branded opioids?

Q. With respect to the national account managers that Mallinckrodt contracted for the sale of the generic prescription opioids, approximately how many did Mallinckrodt employ or utilize over the relevant time period?

Q. So in other words, there were seven or eight people at its peak that were primarily responsible for marketing Mallinckrodt's generic opioids?

Q. So -- and thank you for that answer. So then is it fair to say when we're talking about generics the primary way in which Mallinckrodt was able to gain the market share that we were discussing before was through its negotiations and communications with distributors and pharmacies?

Q. And so with respect to the price, isolating that separate and apart from quality and service, was there any type of marketing done to -- directly to the pharmacies or distributors with respect to Mallinckrodt products, or was it simply a price that Mallinckrodt set and you had distributors essentially take it or leave it?

Q. And as you alluded to earlier, the primary responsibility for the negotiation of these prices rested with the national account managers; is that correct?

Q. And how did Mallinckrodt divide up these negotiations with distributors and wholesalers? In other words, let me ask it a different way. Was there any distinction done by region with respect to the negotiations Mallinckrodt had with respect to prices vis-a-vis the distributors and the pharmacies?

Q. Got it. So just to make clear, there was no adjustments made with respect to price based on a particular region of where the distributor or the pharmacy was located?

Q. So the price that would apply, for example, in California, would apply with equal force to

Q. And can you -- turning -- or focusing again on the national account managers, can you describe to the court the general structure of that team? So we had national account managers at the top. Who were the types of people and/or categories of people that were below them?

Q. And can you give the court a general understanding of the approximate size of this group of national account team members?

Q. And then in terms of the -- just once again trying to get an understanding of the overall structure of this team. You said that there were also some junior people that were brought in. How many more people are we talking?

Q. Thank you. Going back to your testimony earlier about the important drivers of these discussions with distributors and pharmacies being price, quality, and service, with respect to the latter two categories, quality and service, what types of marketing, if any, did Mallinckrodt do for those two factors?

Q. So when we're talking quality and service, we're talking quality and service of the Mallinckrodt business from, I guess for lack of a better term, an administrative perspective, and not necessarily the quality and service of the underlying drugs in which you were manufacturing? Is that fair to say?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt do any marketing with respect to the risks of its generic marketing or generic opioid products?

Q. And outside of the FDA-approved labeling materials, was there any other additional marketing materials that Mallinckrodt provided with respect to its generic products?

Q. Turning back to the sales reps that Mallinckrodt utilized for purposes of its brand products, approximately how many sales reps did Mallinckrodt employ over the relevant time period with respect to its branded opioids?

Q. And earlier we talked about Exalgo. Approximately how many reps did Mallinckrodt utilize with respect to marketing Exalgo from the 2009 through 2014 -- or was it 2015 that it discontinued?

Q. So let me start so the record is clear. So from the 2009 to 2015 time period how reps -- sales reps did Mallinckrodt utilize to market Exalgc?

Q. And same question with respect to Xartemis. The -- how many sales reps did Mallinckrodt utilize to market Xartemis?

Q. "Xar-temis." I promise I'll say it correctly.

Q. And did Mallinckrodt distinguish by territory or by region in the country -- strike that. Were the sales reps divided by region or territory at all?

Q. And were there differentiations between Exalgo and Xartemis, or was it the -- were the territories generally the same for both products?

Q. And who was responsible for reevaluating the territories on an annual basis?

Q. Now, in terms of the training of the sales reps assigned to market branded products, can you describe to the court what the general training protocol was?

Q. And who was responsible for training the sales reps with respect to the risks and the warnings of the branded opioid products Mallinckrodt manufactured?

Q. And who was -- describe to the ccurt who these individuals were at the training department.

Q. And so were these individuals Mallinckrodt employees, or were they third parties or consultants that Mallinckrodt utilized to train?

Q. And so going back specifically to the risks and warnings that were associated with some of the Mallinckrodt branded opioid products, who was specifically responsible for training sales reps with respect to the risks and warnings?

Q. And how -- earlier you were describing the general training protocol. Can you give the court an understanding of how long it took for Mallinckrodt to train sales reps?

Q. Who -- which department at Mallinckrodt or what individuals would have the most knowledge about the training that Mallinckrodt did of its sales reps?

Q. And when was it dissolved? You said the training program was dissolved. Was it the same time period that Xartemis and Exalgo came off the market?

Q. Kevin, I'm going to -- well, the court reporter's going to hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as KV Exhibit 11. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Vorderstrasse-011 marked for identification.]

Q. Kevin, this is a copy of KV Exhibit 11, Bates MNK-Tl 0000090085, and this appears to be a sales incentive compensation plan for sales reps at Covidien for the fiscal year 2013. Is that a fair characterization of this document?

Q. Sure. So with respect to the branded sales representatives, which is here delineated as Specialty Pharmaceuticals, this is the sales incentive compensation plan that governs their marketing of branded -- Mallinckrodt branded opioids; is that correct?

Q. By the way, do you recognize this document at all?

Q. Have you seen it before?

Q. And obviously this is with respect to 2013. Did Covidien and/or Mallinckrodt have similar plans for other years in which it sold and manufactured branded pharmaceutical opioids?

Q. And we discussed before the notion that the branded sales reps would market not just opioids but other branded products as well. Do you remember that?

Q. And in this context, if you look at Page 5, some of those non-opioid products are mentioned; is that correct?

Q. And what are those products?

Q. And then there's also a reference to a NSAID bucket. Do you see that?

Q. And then those are painkillers but not °plaids; is that correct?

Q. And was Sumavel an NSAID as well?

Q. By the way, who was responsible for creating this plan?

Q. And if you look at Page 8 and 9 cf this plan --

Q. -- there's basically a weighting going on to determine the compensation of a sales rep. Do you see that?

Q. Is it fair to say that the primary weight is given to Exalgo or the lone prescription opioid in this bundle of Mallinckrodt products?

Q. And that percentage ranges anywhere from between -- for the record, between 50 and 60 percent?

Q. And sorry to jump around --

Q. -- but to go back to Page 3 of this document titled key facts. There's references to TRxs. Can you describe to the court and clarify what that stands for?

Q. And with respect to total prescriptions, it's clear that at least one primary metric that determined a sales representative's compensation was the amount of total prescriptions of Exalgo it had managed to convince a physician to prescribe. Is that correct?

Q. And the way in which Mallinckrodt was able to track this information was through its purchase of IMS data; is that correct?

Q. And specifically it allowed Mallinckrodt to understand the level of detail at the physician-patient -- strike that. The IMS data allowed Mallinckrodt to understand at the physician-patient level the amount or prescriptions that the prescription was issuing of Mallinckrodt products? Is that a fair statement?

Q. Fair enough, and I certainly wasn't meaning to suggest that, so thank you for that clarification. Other than the IMS data and as it pertains to the compensation structure of the sales representatives, did Mallinckrodt otherwise track the total amount of prescriptions of Exalgo that these sales reps were able to have the physicians prescribe?

Q. And when you say Mallinckrodt tracked the total number of prescriptions dispensed for Exalgo, how did they do that?

Q. Other than the IMS and Xponent data, were there any other sources of information Mallinckrodt utilized in order to track the total number of prescriptions dispensed of Exalgo?

Q. And with respect to tracking the prescriptions based upon which prescribers wrote Exalgo prescriptions, did Mallinckrodt also similarly utilize IMS and Xponent data to gather that information?

Q. And the total number of prescriptions dispensed for Exalgo was a primary factor or a primary basis for which sales reps were compensated; is that correct?

Q. And the remaining 75 to 90 percent -- what did that consist of?

Q. And so other than the base salary, then the 10 to 25 percent we're talking about a bonus- or commission-type structure; is that correct?

Q. So in terms of the 10 to 25 percent that represented the bonus of a sales rep's compensation, was any of that 10 to 25 percent based on anything other than the total amount of prescriptions of Exalgo?

Q. But as we discussed before, Exalgo made up the primary portion of that calculus, for lack of a better term; correct?

Q. And earlier when you described targeting of physicians -- who determined which physicians to target?

Q. And with respect to the marketing of Exalgo in particular, were there any other groups other than the commercial analytics team that determined which doctors to target?

Q. And who was in charge of the commercial analytics team at the time that Exalgo was marketed?

Q. Turning to -- oh, it changed in what sense? That the individual --

Q. I see.

Q. I'm turning to Page 6 of this plan. There's a reference to Special Achievement Award. Do you see that?

Q. And do you have any understanding of who is responsible for making that determination cf who received the Special Achievement Award?

Q. And it was given to a sales rep based on their performance, including total prescriptions sold of Exalgo; correct?

Q. Was there any monetary amount in connection with this Special Achievement Award provided to the sales rep?

Q. I'm going to now hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as KV Exhibit 12. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Vorderstrasse-012 marked for identification.]

Q. The court reporter has handed you Exhibit 12, which is a cover e-mail containing three attachments. And for the record, the e-mail is located at MNK-Tl 0000538136. There's a cover e-mail from Terese Lafeber to Stacy Chick, CCing some others, and there are some sales compensation plans attached to this. Do you see that, Kevin?

Q. And in particular, it appears that there are three sales compen -- sales incentive compensation plans attached to this e-mail. Do you recognize these documents at all?

Q. Is it fair to say that these -- well, let's start with the first one. The first one appears to be a sales incentive compensation plan for a regional sales director of the brand department at Mallinckrodt; is that correct?

Q. And that's for the time period October 2014 through December 2014?

Q. And this particular plan is only for a time period of three months, whereas the plan we looked at before was a time period of a year. Did Mallinckrodt have plans that were -- it looks like Mallinckrodt had plans that were less than one year with respect to its sales incentive package; is that correct?

Q. And do you know -- do you have any understanding of how frequently over the course of a year it changed its sales incentive plans? Was it quarter -- was it no more than quarterly, or was it more frequent than that?

Q. And the three documents together are sales incentive plans with respect to regional sales directors. All three of them relate to regional sales directors; is that correct?

Q. That's what I thought. I'm actually looking at a different version, so thank you for that clarification. And these are again all compensation plans with respect to the branded portion amount of Mallinckrodt's business; correct?

Q. And is there a -- one moment here. [Discussion off the record.]

Q. And going to field sales specialists, is that another term that Mallinckrodt used for a sales representative, or is there something different with respect to a field sales specialist relative to a sales rep?

Q. And I believe there is some mention of Xartemis in these documents. Is that correct?

Q. So earlier we had talked about the sales incentive plan with respect to Exalgo among other drugs that Mallinckrodt manufactured. This appears to be a sales incentive plan with respect to Xartemis, among other drugs; is that correct?

Q. Also mentioned Ofirmev, I believe, in one of those documents. Actually, you can skip that. That's not important. Let's turn to -- or strike that. Before we had talked about how Mallinckrodt through its commercial analytics team had divided up the country by territory --

Q. -- with respect to Exalgo. I just want to make sure that the answer applies with equal force with respect to Xartemis. Was -- the same distinctions done by the commercial analytics team with occasional input from third parties apply with respect to Xartemis as well?

Q. You can set that aside. I'm going to hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as KV Exhibit 14.

Q. And for the record this exhibit is MNK-Tl 0000259116, and it is titled specialty generic sales incentive plan document for fiscal year 2009. Do you recognize this document at all?

Q. And earlier we had gone over some specialty incentive plans for the branded drugs that Mallinckrodt manufactures. Is it fair to say that this is a sales incentive plan with respect to the generic drugs that Mallinckrodt manufactures?

Q. And earlier we had discussed the type of marketing that was done by the generics department, and if you look on page -- if you look on the second page of this document, in purpose, it appears that the purpose of this plan is to provide an incentive opportunity to the specialty generic sales personnel, as defined herein. Do you see that?

Q. And would these speciality generic sales personnel be the national account managers that we were discussing earlier today?

Q. Well, and the reason I ask is actually -- I was looking at it before. The definitions don't actually define specialty generics sales personnel.

Q. So I guess I can ask you generally, separate from this document, was there a sales incentive plan document that governed the compensation structure of the national account managers for the generic line of business at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Is that ending in Bates 18?

Q. Or excuse me.

Q. Excuse me. Yes. So the record is clear, we are looking at MNK-T1 0000259126.

Q. Okay. Fair enough.

Q. So the record is clear, Mallinckrodt had a sales incentive compensation plan for its national account managers; correct?

Q. And were there annual plans with respect to the generic side of the business as well, cr do you recall if there were any more frequent plans than annually?

Q. And if you turn to the page before the one you're looking at that's ending in Bates 120, there's also an incentive plan for national account managers with respect to addiction treatment sales. Do you see that?

Q. And so that governs the sale of the various forms of addiction treatment for opioid use disorder we were discussing earlier today; correct?

Q. At this time was it -- did Mallinckrodt primarily manufacture a generic form of methadone in terms of the addiction treatment products it was manufacturing?

Q. And when did Mallinckrodt first begin to manufacture a generic version of methadone?

Q. And does it still continue to manufacture

Q. And do you have any understanding of what market share Mallinckrodt generic methadone represents?

Q. Do you have any knowledge or did Mallinckrodt acquire any knowledge about the abuse potential of methadone?

Q. You can set that one aside. I'm going to now hand you a copy of what's going to be marked as KV 14. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Vorderstrasse-014 marked for identification.]

Q. For the record, KV Exhibit 14 is an e-mail with an attachment from Kevin Becker to several individuals from August 26, 2011, and the beginning Bates is MNK-11 004252956, and the attachment is a branded sales rep incentive plan. Kevin, have you -- does this document look familiar to you at all?

Q. Is it fair to characterize the attachment as the sales representative incentive plan for Mallinckrodt branded products from 2009?

Q. And if you look at the measure, there's a list of several drugs. Exalgo and Xartemis are not included here, but there's a reference to Magnacet. Do you see that?

Q. Is Magnacet a branded opioid that Mallinckrodt manufactured?

Q. And when did Mallinckrodt first manufacture Magnacet?

Q. So sometime approximately in the 2008 or 2009 time period was when Mallinckrodt first manufactured Magnacet?

Q. And when -- and my understanding is that Magnacet is no longer manufactured by Mallinckrodt. Is that correct?

Q. When did Magnacet come off market?

Q. By the way -- so we've gone over Exalgo and Xartemis and now Magnacet. Were there any other branded opioids that Mallinckrodt manufactured other than those three?

Q. And that's -- is that a liquid version of hydrocodone and codeine, I believe?

Q. And when did Mallinckrodt first manufacture TussiCaps?

Q. And when did Mallinckrodt take TussiCaps off market?

Q. So other than Exalgo, Xartemis, Magnacet, and TussiCaps, were there any other branded opioids that Mallinckrodt manufactured?

Q. Going back to the cover e-mail from Kevin Becker -- between Kevin Becker and Steven Sage -- who's Kevin Becker?

Q. And there's a senior sales specialist at Covidien also mentioned here, Steven Sage. Do you know who he is?

Q. In the e-mail it describes his role, as we said, senior sales specialist. It says Cleveland East. Do you see that?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt -- or was Cleveland East one of the territories that Mallinckrodt may have designated in terms of the sales reps it had in the country?

Q. Are you aware of any territories in Ohio that Mallinckrodt had designated for -- in connection with its manufacture of branded opioids?

Q. And generally speaking, how many sales territories did you have in Ohio?

Q. Fair to say you at least had a Cleveland East at some point?

Q. I am now going to hand you a rather voluminous document, but this one is going to be marked as KV 15. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Vorderstrasse-015 marked for identification.]

Q. And because this is a native version, the actual Bates-stamp is not on here, but I will represent to everyone here that this document can be located at MNK-T1 0000468961. And this document is a Covidien 2011-2015 strategic plan for its pharmaceutical sector dated May 28th, 2010. Does this document look familiar at all to you, Kevin?

Q. And when you say generally familiar, what do you mean by that?

Q. Fair enough. In terms of the -- if you look at the second page, there's a table of ccntents. Do you see that?

Q. And this document -- fortunately for you, we're not going to go over each and every page, but this document reveals a roadmap of the strategic -- among other things, the strategic imperatives of Mallinckrodt's pharmaceutical segment. Is that correct?

Q. And the pharmaceutical segment of course includes, as we've been discussing all day, both branded and generic arms of the Mallinckrodt business. Is that fair to say?

Q. Among other things, this document is capturing, as the roadmap suggests, enablers and key initiatives of the pharmaceutical business of Mallinckrodt. Is that correct?

Q. And it also is discussing the environment and competitive context of the pharmaceutical sector for Mallinckrodt; correct?

Q. And lastly, this document also details the financial results and impact of Mallinckrodt's pharmaceutical business; is that correct?

Q. Turn with me to Page 21 of this document.

Q. You see some references here made to Steps 1, 2, and 3?

Q. You see that? And actually, before -- at the top of the page there is a reference to U.S. WHO, Steps 1 and 3. What's your understanding of what the U.S. WHO is referring to?

Q. And -- thank you for that. And just so the record is clear, WHO stands for World Health Organization; correct?

Q. And can you give the court a general description of what the Steps 1 through 3 entail?

Q. And Mallinckrodt had lines of business or products in all three of these steps or categories; is that correct?

Q. And currently is Mallinckrodt still manufacturing drugs in each of these categories?

Q. So currently Mallinckrodt no longer manufactures NSAIDs?

Q. I see. And you also said in a previous response that you -- in terms of Step 1, you do not sell any finished pharmaceuticals. Are you referring to the fact that Mallinckrodt actually purchases bulk -- or purchases narcotics in its raw form?

Q. And that's what I was referring to. You've been more articulate than I have. But in terms of Step 1, just so the record is clear, currently Mallinckrodt does not sell or manufacture a finished NSAID product; is that correct?

Q. And is -- what entity sells that product?

Q. And I just want to clarify because you said that -- you are here speaking on behalf of the LLC as well; correct? I thought we he had established that earlier today.

Q. I see what you're saying. But Mallinckrodt LLC manufactures Ofirmev, just so I understand; is that correct?

Q. Fair enough. In terms of these steps that are reflected here -- and this is of course as of 2009, I believe -- around that time period -- have these steps remained the same over time by the World Health Organization?

Q. Fast-forward to Page 29. This appears to be a summary of how Mallinckrodt prepares its sales force. Is that fair to say?

Q. And thank you for that clarification. This obviously relates specifically to the branded sales force, and it appears that at least according to this document the goal was to higher approximately 150 sales reps for Mallinckrodt's branded segment. Is that correct?

Q. And that appears to be from a pool of approximately 15,000 résumés?

Q. Do you know who was responsible for hiring these sales reps?

Q. And who was the director of sales management at this time? We're talking about in the 2009 to 2010 time period.

Q. Is there a manager of sales -- or is there

Q. By the way, I know that -- so all the branded opioids have been taken off market by Mallinckrodt. Is Mallinckrodt currently developing or thinking about manufacturing any additional branded opioids?

Q. Going back to this document, on the bottom left-hand corner, underneath eight training modules, there's a reference to REMS. Do you see that?

Q. What's your understanding of REMS?

Q. And who provided REMS training to these sales reps?

Q. And with respect to the CARES Alliance, what is that in reference to?

Q. I see. And when you say others outside the company, what do you mean by that?

Q. I see. And are you aware of any other -- strike that. Was Mallinckrodt a member of the CARES Alliance as far as you know?

Q. Sure. Do you have any understanding of any other entities that were part of the CARES Alliance?

Q. And do you know who provided the training to the sales reps on the CARES Alliance training module that's identified here?

Q. Turn to the next page, 30. It's titled creating new sales territories. And obviously we talked about some of the sales territories before. Here it indicates that there are approximately 250 territories designated by Mallinckrodt. Do you see that reference?

Q. And that seems to be the sum of territories that Mallinckrodt had designated for Exalgo, Pennsaid, and a, quote/unquote, existing territories category. Do you see that?

Q. And are these territories similar to the territories we were describing -- or we were discussing earlier in which you said the commercial analytics team would reevaluate year after year or on an annual basis how to divide up the country in terms of which regions your sales reps would go to?

Q. And obviously this is before the manufacture and sale of Xartemis, but did Xartemis add to the territories that were designated by Mallinckrodt or did Xartemis -- was Xartemis sold within the existing territories that Mallinckrodt had designated?

Q. So by the time two thousand and four -- by the time we come to 2014 when Xartemis hits the market, are you saying that there were no more than 250 territories total for the branded aspect of the Mallinckrodt business, or are you saying there were just no more than 250 territories for Xartemis in particular?

Q. I see. Thank you. Turn to Page 44 of this document. And I know that you had obviously testified that you don't know much about the CARES Alliance --

Q. -- so I'm not going to ask you questions about that, but I just have a specific question about the bottom left-hand corner. It says one member of IWG, regulatory perspective, REMS police. Do you see that?

Q. Do you have any understanding of what IWG stands for?

Q. And so this seems to be a reference to an industry working group with respect to the REMS that we were just discussing before?

Q. And at any time in which Mallinckrodt manufactured opioids, do you recall which working groups or industry working groups Mallinckrodt may have been a part of?

Q. Does the acronym ADIWG ring a bell to you at all?

Q. Correct. ADIWG.

Q. By the way, on the second page there's a reference on the right-hand column to Ruby, Zircon, et cetera. Do you see that?

Q. What is Ruby in reference to?

Q. And how about Zircon?

Q. And was that -- is that a product that's also referred to as MNK-155 internally at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And what were the primary differences between Xartemis and the MNK-155?

Q. And were they both extended release?

Q. And with respect to Exalgo, that's also extended release; correct?

Q. Kevin, thank you for your patience throughout this day. I see you still have that document in front of you and I'll ask that you keep it there because we're going to refer to it again, but I want to follow up on some questions -- cr I want to follow up on a discussion we had earlier today about the sales reps and their interactions with physicians. What sort of directions or guidelines did Mallinckrodt have for the sales representatives of its branded opioids?

Q. And can I interrupt you just right now, or right here? So what do you mean by sales aids?

Q. And who determined the content of the sales aid?

Q. And did you have any direct involvement in that?

Q. And in terms of the sales aids being shared with physicians, were there any sales aids for patients?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt do any marketing of its branded opioid drugs to patients directly?

Q. And other than sales aids and/or other marketing material to physicians, did Mallinckrodt provide any marketing material to the public at large?

Q. And going specifically back to sales aids, were there any other categories of people or entities that Mallinckrodt prepared sales aids for other than physicians?

Q. And what types of reports or databases were utilized to share the results of the sales reps' performance in their communications with physicians?

Q. And who typically prepared those reports?

Q. Based again on the IMS Xponent data?

Q. Exclusively, or primarily?

Q. Other than those reports, were there any other measures of performance that Mallinckrodt provided to its sales reps regarding the prescriptions of Mallinckrodt opioids?

Q. And how frequently were those reports provided to the sales reps?

Q. Turning back actually to the page that you're on right there, on the bottom right-hand corner there's a reference to pharmacovigilance. Do you see that?

Q. What's your understanding of pharmacovigilance?

Q. And when you say adverse events, what are you specifically referring to?

Q. And what do you mean by unwanted event?

Q. And did Mallinckrodt perform -- cr strike that. Did Mallinckrodt track adverse event reports?

Q. And can you give the court a general understanding of how large the pharmacovigilance team was at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And was that true for the entire time period in which Mall -- from -- between when Mallinckrodt first started manufacturing drugs -- opioids to present?

Q. And is the pharmacovigilance group associated with the medical affairs group at all?

Q. And what times were those?

Q. So is it fair to say that the medical affairs group at Mallinckrodt existed between the 2008 and 2015 time period only?

Q. In other words, Mallinckrodt had a medical affairs department during the times in which it manufactured a branded opioid?

Q. And with respect to the adverse event reports, do you have any understanding of what database they are contained in?

Q. And is it your understanding that Mallinckrodt nevertheless maintained all adverse events reports? Correct?

Q. And how would Mallinckrodt obtain knowledge of these adverse event reports?

Q. And again, all -- the people in the pharmacovigilance were responsible for tracking all of this; is that correct?

Q. And can you describe the general process that Mallinckrodt undertook to elevate some of these concerns more broadly across the business?

Q. And so you are sa -- if I understand you correctly, there was a set protocol or a set cf defined rules which governed the process in which this information was to be reviewed by either pharmacovigilance or the medical affairs group?

Q. During the time that Mallinckrodt had a medical affairs department, who was the head of the medical affairs unit?

Q. And approximately how large was the medical affairs group?

Q. And that's true for the two thousand -- roughly the 2008 through 2015 time period?

Q. Were they all in the St. Louis or the Missouri office?

Q. Turn to the next page of that document. I believe that should be Page 46.

Q. You see that at least with respect to Exalgo there appears to be an Exalgo safety advisory board? Do you see that?

Q. Do you know who determined who was going to be on this board?

Q. And the -- there's a reference tc -- you'll see at the top left-hand corner of that box there's a reference to Dr. Russell Portenoy. Do you know who he is?

Q. And it appears that Mallinckrodt had retained him to be on the safety advisory board for Exalgo. Do you understand that to be the case?

Q. Do you have any understanding of how long he was on the safety advisory board for Exalgc?

Q. I actually wanted to ask you a question about deciles. We see that frequently in the documents. Can you describe to the court how Mallinckrodt utilized deciles in communication with its marketing of branded plaids?

Q. And I believe I've seen references to the documents of deciles between one and 10. Is that your understanding of what the deciles were as designated by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And can you describe to the court generally speaking what that range represents?

Q. And is it fair to say that the higher the decile, the higher the propensity of that doctor to prescribe a certain drug?

Q. And was there a general strategy at Mallinckrodt with respect to its branded opioid products to target doctors in the higher deciles?

Q. So with respect to Exalgo, was the strategy at Mallinckrodt to target doctors in the higher deciles?

Q. And earlier you were talking about an established opioid therapy plan or established opioid therapy provided by a physician. What is your definition of an established opioid therapy plan?

Q. And when you say strong opioid, I understand that Exalgo was offered in a 32-milligram tablet. There were other milligram tablets of Exalgo; is that correct?

Q. And what was the general range?

Q. And over time was it the case that the milligram amounts went up throughout the duration of the Exalgo -- throughout the duration of Mallinckrodt's manufacture and sale of Exalgo?

Q. Let me ask it a different way. Was -- when Exalgo first hit the market in 2008-2009, did Mallinckrodt offer it in a 32-milligram form?

Q. So initially when Exalgo first hit the market, the highest dosage it was provided in was a 16-milligram tablet or capsule?

Q. And the appropriate level was up to 32 milligrams, or was it some other amount?

Q. By the way, just for the record, this -- on this Page 46 that we're looking at, there's a reference to HCPs. Is that in reference to health care practitioners?

Q. So synonymous with the physicians that we're -- that are prescribing that we're talking about?

Q. Fair enough --

Q. -- and thank you for that clarification. And here it appears, at least based on the data that Mallinckrodt has collected, there are approximately 18,000 HCPs in Deciles 5 through 10 and 47,000 HCPs in Deciles 3 through 4?

Q. And is this based on survey data or is this the IMS -- is this based on IMS data? Or what is this based on?

Q. Are you familiar with the concept and term chronic pain?

Q. Was it generally the case that Exalgo was marketed to individuals who were suffering from -- primarily suffering from chronic pain?

Q. Let me ask it a different way. Do you understand the distinction between chronic pain and acute pain?

Q. And what's your understanding of that distinction?

Q. And with respect to your answer in which you said long period of time, what's your understanding of that period? Do you have a -- do you or Mallinckrodt have an understanding of what -- of how long that time period is?

Q. And when you say that it's up to the health care practitioner to decide, what sort of guidance did Mallinckrodt provide to that practitioner either in the form of sales aids or otherwise to make that determination?

Q. And going back to the distinction between acute pain and chronic pain, at least as you understand it, is it fair to say that Exalgo was primarily intended for patients with chronic pain?

Q. And in other words, Mallinckrodt did not target physicians or did not otherwise market Exalgo for acute pain treatment; correct?

Q. Conversely, Xartemis, however long its shelf life was -- very brief -- that was marketed for acute pain; correct?

Q. And as we discussed earlier, was extended release; is that correct?

Q. And what was the highest dosage of Xartemis?

Q. And during the short shelf life of Xartemis in 2014, was that the only dosage amount that Mallinckrodt offered?

Q. And Xartemis -- you originally -- Mallinckrodt originally sought approval from the FDA for Xartemis as an abuse deterrent formulation; is that correct?

Q. And what's your understanding of abuse deterrent formulation?

Q. And which -- what type of features are we talking about? What are -- can you get into the specifics?

Q. And is the reason that you can't get into the specifics for Xartemis because you weren't prepared for that --

Q. -- to speak on that topic today?

Q. But you do know that Xartemis applied for, as we discussed, but did not receive FDA approval as an abuse deterrent formulation; correct?

Q. But Mallinckrodt still marketed Xartemis as having abuse deterrent properties; correct?

Q. Were there any materials that you reviewed in preparation for this deposition today in which you saw Xartemis as having abuse deterrent properties?

Q. Going back to Exalgo, was there ever a moment or was there ever a time in which Mallinckrodt wanted to make Exalgo an abuse deterrent formulation-type drug?

Q. And like Xartemis, did you apply to the FDA for ADF approval for Exalgo?

Q. And who other than the branded side of the business would know the specific properties of Exalgo and Xartemis?

Q. Well, let's take the abuse deterrent properties, for example, or the application to the FDA for abuse deterrent formulation status. Who was responsible for making that application?

Q. Did the medical affairs department have any input into that application process?

Q. And who was the head of the regulatory affairs team during the 2009 through 2015 time period?

Q. And approximately how large was the regulatory affairs team during the 2009 through 2015 time period?

Q. And can you give the court a breakdown of who may have been responsible for branded products relative to generic products, or was such a distinction made in that group?

Q. And with respect to the generic aspect of the regulatory affair team or regulatory affairs team, what was their primary responsibility?

Q. And how frequently did the regulatory affairs team have to correspond with the FDA on generic products of Mallinckrodt?

Q. Was it any different for the branded aspect of the regulatory affairs team?

Q. And I know I asked you about the head of the regulatory affairs department, but can you recall any of the individuals who were higher up on the regulatory affairs team in the 2009 through 2015 time period?

Q. So would you say that she had a lot of responsibility with respect to communications made between Mallinckrodt and the FDA?

Q. And when you say certain set, what do you mean?

Q. And would the pharmacovigilance team or the labeling team interact with the regulatory affairs team at all in connection with communications with the FDA?

Q. And in addition to Diane --

Q. Servello, do you recall any other individuals with responsibility for communicating with the FDA?

Q. And how long has that individual been the head of regulatory affairs?

Q. In the -- as far as the labeling department goes, who was in charge of the labeling department from the 2009 through 2015 time period?

Q. Do you recall any names of people who had responsibility with respect to labeling during that time period?

Q. And what was his primary responsibility?

Q. By the way, during the 2009 through 2015 time period when -- you were working in the generics division; correct?

Q. And during the 2011 through two thousand -- or from 2011 through present, have you had interactions with the regulatory affairs group?

Q. What are the nature of those interactions?

Q. Going back to the discussion we were having with respect to ADF -- these deterrent formulations -- why did Mallinckrodt decide to enter into that space?

Q. And when would you say that Mallinckrodt first started considered entering the ADF space?

Q. And as we discussed before, Exalgo never obtained ADF status, but there was a decision to try and push Exalgo as an ADF-type opioid at some point in time; is that correct?

Q. That's -- fair enough. And when was that -- approximately when was that evaluation undertaken?

Q. Sometime after 2009?

Q. And with respect to Xartemis, when did Mallinckrodt first start evaluating Xartemis for application of ADF status?

Q. And prior to the initial approval in 2014?

Q. By the way, when specifically was Xartemis approved?

Q. And as we discussed it had -- it was just the one year in which Xartemis was manufactured and sold by Mallinckrodt. When did it end, or when did Mallinckrodt pull Xartemis from the market?

Q. So even though -- so when we talk about Mallinckrodt pulling Xartemis off the market, there was still nevertheless some small amount of sales to distributors of Xartemis after that period of time?

Q. I see. Very minimal?

Q. And why did Mallinckrodt decide to pull Xartemis so quickly?

Q. And with respect to Exalgo -- Mallinckrodt stopped promoting Exalgo, as you said, sometime around 2015 -- was there also a period of time in which it had residual sales after it stopped marketing Exalgo?

Q. And so when did Mallinckrodt begin selling the generic version of Exalgo?

Q. And it continues to sell the generic form today; correct?

Q. And what -- approximately what percentage of its overall generic portfolio does the Exalgo generic represent?

Q. In terms of the current generic portfolio, what are the primary generic opioids that represent Mallinckrodt's generic portfolio? Strike that. Today, what generic opioids represent the largest proportion of Mallinckrodt generic opioids?

Q. And for the hydrocodone with acetaminophen -- I've also seen it referred to as APAP in the documents.

Q. So for that, what percentage of the overall portfolio does that represent?

Q. And the unit volume being the --

Q. Right. I was just about to say we discussed earlier today your definition of units as being individual tablets?

Q. And then same question with respect to the oxycodone with acetaminophen. What percentage in terms of dollars does that represent relative to the overall generic portfolio today?

Q. Got it. So between the two, sounds like by unit volume they represent about 70 percent of the overall generic portfolio?

Q. And anywhere from 20 to 25 percent in terms of sales in dollars?

Q. Are you aware of any studies or research talking about the primary ways in which opioids are abused and misused?

Q. And if I told you that there were some studies that were performed that -- assuming I can prove at trial that there were studies that establish that the primary way in which opioids are abused are through ingestion -- and by primary I mean over 50 percent -- to what extent does an ADF opioid address that concern?

Q. Sure.

Q. Are you aware of any type of abuse deterrent formulation technology which provides some level of resistance to oral abuse?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt ever develop such technology?

Q. Are you familiar with the concept that Mallinckrodt marketed some of its branded plaids as -- well, Xartemis in particular as having less peaks and valleys with respect to the onset of pain?

Q. How about within the extended release world? Was there anything about Xartemis in terms of peaks and valleys that were different than the other extended release drugs on the market?

Q. With respect to the -- were there representations made in the marketing materials on Xartemis about that particular drug having fewer peaks and valleys regarding pain than other branded opioid drugs on the market?

Q. Jumping back to the generic opioids that Mallinckrodt manufactured, we talked earlier today about oxy 15s and oxy 30s. Do you recall that?

Q. And Mallinckrodt still continues to manufacture and sell those products; is that correct?

Q. And have you ever heard of the term roxies or blues?

Q. You've never heard of the term blues?

Q. Have you ever heard of the term M's?

Q. And so your understanding of roxies -- what's your understanding of that term?

Q. And what -- Roxicodone and what dosage?

Q. And is Roxicodone a generic version of oxycodone?

Q. That Mallinckrodt manufactured?

Q. Didn't Mall -- just let me make sure I get this straight. You said Roxicodone is a branded opioid product; correct?

Q. But Roxicodone has a generic form as well; correct?

Q. And Mallinckrodt manufactures and sells that generic form; correct?

Q. And Mallinckrodt manufactured and sold the generic version of Roxicodone from approximately what time period or during what approximate time period?

Q. And what -- we were talking about general market share of the generic portfolio today of the oxycodone APAP and the hydrocodone APAP. What percentage does Roxicodone represent of the overall generic portfolio of Mallinckrodt?

Q. I'm referring specifically to the generic.

Q. And during the 2007 through 2010 time period, approximately what percentage did Roxicodone, the generic version, represent of Mallinckrodt's overall generic portfolio?

Q. Are you aware at all or have you seen any information about the abuse and misuse of generic roxies at any time?

Q. And are you aware that there is specific abuse of generic Roxicodone that Mallinckrodt manufactured?

Q. And when we were talking earlier about adverse events reports, I just want to be sure I understand who may know the most about abuse of generic Roxicodone that Mallinckrodt manufactured. Which department would most likely be aware of this information, if any?

Q. Would --

Q. Sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt. Do you know whether or not Karen Harper or Bill Ratliff had any interactions with the pharmacovigilance department?

Q. Do you know whether or not DEA compliance groups or departments at Mallinckrodt would interact with the pharmacovigilance team?

Q. Okay, Kevin. Thank you for your patience today. I just have a few more questions or a series of questions and then I will be done.

Q. So thank you for your time. The court reporter has handed you a copy of what has been marked as Exhibit KV 16. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Vorderstrasse-016 marked for identification.]

Q. And for the record, KV 16 is Bates-labeled MNK-T1 0000855019, and it's an e-mail dated May 7th, 2013, and it contains an attachment titled Exalgo marketing programs ROI. Do you see that, Kevin?

Q. And we can turn to the e-mail for reference if you need to, but I mostly have questions on the attachment. Do you recognize this document at all?

Q. Earlier we had talked about your general skill set including strategies with respect tc return on investment, and this appears to be a document that is talking about Exalgo marketing -- the return on investment of Exalgo marketing programs. Is that fair?

Q. And generally speaking, can you describe to the court why it was important for Mallinckrodt to perform R0I-type analysis with respect to its opioid products?

Q. And actually, I have a few specific questions on this document potentially, but I should have just asked you directly.

Q. So let me ask you directly. Why was it important for Mallinckrodt to engage in R0I-type analysis with respect to its opioid products?

Q. And to the best of your knowledge did Mallinckrodt perform RO-type analyses with respect to Magnacet, TussiCaps, Exalgo, and Xartemis?

Q. And what is your definition of routinely perform?

Q. Did you perform any type of ROA analys -- ROI analysis in connection with your generic portfolio?

Q. And separate and apart from marketing efforts, was there any kind of ROI-type analysis done on any aspect of the generic line of Mallinckrodt's business?

Q. And for the former that you just described, what was the baseline or denominator, for lack of a better term, on that analysis of capital investments? In other words, what -- how were you measuring your return on investment with respect to capital investments?

Q. And so when we're talking about capital investments, is it fair to say that your capital investment decisions as it relates to the generic side of Mallinckrodt's business -- were these analyses done in connection with acquiring a specific generic portfolio or product, or provide -- or can you provide the context of what capital investments you're talking about?

Q. Going back to this document, the cover e-mail, it appears that there's an e-mail exchange -- at least the top e-mail between Melissa Falcone and Michael Wessler. Do you see that?

Q. Who's Michael Wessler?

Q. And we talked earlier today about Melissa Falcone, and you spoke with her in connection with preparing for this deposition; correct?

Q. And it appears that she was a senior product manager of Specialty Pharmaceuticals at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And remind me -- is that her current role right now as well?

Q. What is her current role now?

Q. And did she have any involvement at any time with respect to Mallinckrodt's generic portfolio?

Q. And then going back to Exhibit 2, as we discussed, you did speak with Ms. Falcone in connection with preparing for this deposition. Approximately how long did you speak with her?

Q. And what did you discuss?

Q. And did you -- are you going to follow that instruction?

Q. And did you ever speak with Ms. Falcone outside of the presence of counsel?

Q. Going back to Exhibit 2, I just want to understand more some of the materials you reviewed, and let's take Topic 10, for example. It indicates here that you reviewed Mallinckrodt's amended responses to plaintiff's second set of interrogatories. Do you see that, on the far right-hand column?

Q. Did you review any other court pleadings or documents in connection with preparing for this deposition today?

Q. Are you aware that -- well, you're aware that there have been -- depending on how you count it, but approximately 1,500 jurisdictions that have filed suit in connection with the opioid crisis?

Q. And do you understand that a lot of those lawsuits include Mallinckrodt as a defendant?

Q. Have you read any of those complaints that allege Mallinckrodt is responsible or at fault for the opioid crisis?

Q. You've not read any -- you understand that discovery in this case in particular is happening in part for certain bellwether trials that are scheduled to occur next September? Do you understand that?

Q. And do you know who those bellwethers are?

Q. And do you understand that the bellwethers are generally in northeast Ohio or include jurisdictions in Ohio?

Q. And have you read the complaint that has been filed by any of the bellwethers that will be going to trial scheduled for next September?

Q. Why not?

Q. Apart from being instructed, were you curious at all about the allegations contained in that complaint about why Mallinckrodt is responsible for this crisis?

Q. Are you aware of any rulings that have occurred in connection with the national opioid litigation issued by either Judge Polster or Special Master Cohen?

Q. Are you aware of a report and recommendation issued by a magistrate judge in Ohio regarding defendants' motions to dismiss?

Q. Sure. So just to confirm, you haven't read any of the pleadings or orders that have been issued in connection with the national opioid litigation pending in Ohio; is that correct?

Q. Oh, okay. So you have reviewed the complaint?

Q. And which portions did you review?

Q. And do you know which complaint you reviewed?

Q. Other than the amended notice that is reflected in Exhibit 1 and excerpts of the complaint, have you reviewed or read any other court pleadings from the national opioid litigation?
