Witness:  Kirk Dumont
Attorney: MR. Rosen
Source:   MNKOI0004561730
============================================================

Q. Good morning, Mr. Dumont. Thank you very much for being here today. Before we begin, I just have some background questions. Have you ever been deposed before?

Q. I'm going to go over a couple of the ground rules so you understand how we are supposed to try to communicate during the deposition. As you've been sworn, the court reporter is going to take down everything that we say and she can't take down if we are both -- she can't take down the record if we are both talking at the same time, so I'll -- I'll try to give you the courtesy of finishing your answers before ask -- asking a next question, if -- if you'll do the same courtesy for me to wait to answer before I finish my questions.

Q. If you want to take any -- a break at any time during the deposition, please just ask. We'll accommodate all breaks. And are you under any medication today that would prevent you from giving honest testimony?

Q. Are you represented by counsel here today?

Q. I'm going to hand you what's been marked as Dumont Exhibit 1.

Q. Dumont Exhibit 1 has Bates stamps MNK-T1 0000680185 through 187. And, Mr. Dumont, what is this document?

Q. And is this a document you forwarded via e-mail on October 22nd, 2014?

Q. Well, just looking at the --

Q. -- the cover e-mail?

Q. And who -- who did you send this to?

Q. Turning over to the first page of the resume under Professional Experience, it says that you were at Covidien, is that how you say it?

Q. Covidien/Mallinckrodt from 2010 to the present. This resume was written in 2014, correct?

Q. So specifically focusing on 2014 to the present, are you still employed at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And when did you stop working there?

Q. Are you currently employed?

Q. Did you work anywhere after June of 2015?

Q. And where did you go?

Q. And how long did you work there?

Q. And what about after that?

Q. And what did you do at -- did you say it's Caleo?

Q. Thank you, Caleo. What did you do at Caleo?

Q. And were you focused on certain drugs at -- at Caleo?

Q. And what -- what is that?

Q. Is -- is Narcan the drug that's administered when somebody is suspected to be overdosing from an opioid?

Q. And how -- how long -- did you sell that the whole time you were there?

Q. Can you spell that, please?

Q. So -- so how did you end up going to work at Caleo to se -- to sell Narcan?

Q. That's quite a difference between selling opioids and selling Narcan, is that -- is that accurate?

Q. Well, it's just like -- it is a -- and it is an interesting career move, I guess. Did you find it to be an interesting career move?

Q. So I want to focus on the period of time that you were employed at Covidien/Mallinckrodt. What year did you start at Covidien/Mallinckrodt?

Q. And does your resume reflect the different positions that you held at Covidien/Mallinckrcdt?

Q. And that was a regional sales manager?

Q. And go over the structure for me while you were at Covidien as a regional sales manager, did you supervise sales reps?

Q. And did you supervise other people who also supervised reps or did the reps report directly to you?

Q. And how many reps reported directly to you?

Q. And did you soup -- supervise the same territory the whole time you were there?

Q. So focusing on when you first arrived at Covidien in 2010, what territory did -- did ycu supervise?

Q. In -- in what state was that?

Q. Yeah, that's fine.

Q. Yeah, that's fine. We -- we just want your best recollection.

Q. That's fine.

Q. We are not trying to torture you.

Q. So how --

Q. And when -- when the geography changed, how -- how did the territories you covered change?

Q. Do you remember --

Q. Yeah, that's --

Q. Yeah, that's -- that's all we want is your best recollection.

Q. I'm just -- just trying to get a general idea. Do you recall when the geography for your territories changed?

Q. In -- in your career in the pharmaceutical industry were you a sales rep before you became a sales manager?

Q. And for how many years did you do that?

Q. And I just want to talk to you generally about the job description of a sales manager and as someone who supervises sales managers. The -- the -- the position of a sales manager at -- or I'm sorry. The position of a sales rep at a pharmaceutical company, the purpose cf that is to sell pharmaceutical products, correct?

Q. And what is -- what is the general description of the method that was -- that's used to market pharmaceutical product?

Q. And at -- at Covidien/Mallinckrodt, was there a difference between the -- the marketing and the sales department or was that -- were those apartments -- departments combined?

Q. So is it -- is it fair to say that the way it worked is that the marketing department would create the sales aid that would then be used by the sales teams?

Q. And while you were at Covidien/Mallinckrodt, what drugs were you the sales manager over?

Q. Say -- say that again, please?

Q. How do you spell that?

Q. That's okay. That's close enough. So what -- what kind of drug was Exalgo?

Q. And was that an opioid product?

Q. And what kind of drug was Pennsaid?

Q. That was not an opioid?

Q. And what kind of drug was Xartemis?

Q. So is that a branded product for Covidien/Mallinckrodt?

Q. Please try to let me finish.

Q. Sorry -- sorry. I -- I tend to drag on a little bit with my questions. Sorry about that. What -- what does the "XR" stand for in that drug name?

Q. So I think in a couple of your answers regarding Xartemis, you used the term "short acting" and "extended"?

Q. "Release." Are those consistent with each other?

Q. And then the --

Q. -- the -- the last drug you mentioned, Ofirmev?

Q. Ofirmev. What kind of drug is that?

Q. Is that -- that's not an opioid?

Q. And for the time you were at Covidien, what kind of sales marketing aid did the company use to promote Exalgo?

Q. And -- and would -- would your answer be the same for Xartemis XR?

Q. And as -- as part of the process tc market Exalgo and Xartemis XR, did you instruct the sales force to focus on certain types of physicians to make calls?

Q. And what -- who -- what types of doctors were contained on the target lists?

Q. And then for Xartemis XR?

Q. And what's the difference between the pain profiles targeted by Exalgo and Xartemis XR?

Q. And what about Xartemis XR?

Q. So for -- for people who aren't familiar with the -- the use of the terms for the different types of pain, what's the -- what's the difference between chronic pain and breakthrough pain?

Q. So chronic pain is another word for, like, long-term pain?

Q. Long-term pain. And what about breakthrough pain?

Q. And going back to the -- the target lists, how -- how did you develop -- well, strike that. Did you have any involvement in developing the target lists that you -- that were circulated to your sales reps that you supervised?

Q. And where did you obtain the target lists?

Q. And what kind of data was obtained from IMS to generate the -- the target lists?

Q. And -- and what kinds of data regarding the physicians on the target lists were contained in the lists that -- that you obtained from the corporate office?

Q. Well -- well --

Q. Okay. Well, we'll -- I have -- I have a couple of target lists --

Q. -- that we can take a look at in a minute.

Q. Was -- was the sales rep's compensation based in part on the number of prescriptions it was able to get physicians to write?

Q. So -- so -- so one of the -- one of the background rules I should have gone over with you is from time to time other attorneys in the room might object. It -- it -- it is really just them preserving the record. It doesn't impact --

Q. -- whether you can answer or not.

Q. Was the compensation of the sales reps that you supervised based in part on the number of prescriptions that were written by doctors that they targeted?

Q. And what were the components of the compensation of -- of the sales reps that you supervised?

Q. And is it -- is it safe to say -- say or to conclude that the more scripts the sales reps were able to get the doctors to write, the more compensation they would receive?

Q. And was that also true for your compensation?

Q. So it was part of your job helping the sales reps convince doctors to write scripts?

Q. And what -- and how would you describe other aspects of your job focused on the -- the part of assisting the sales reps?

Q. And what kind of data would you analyze?

Q. And just for example, what kind of data would you review in the -- in the IMS that was provided by IMS?

Q. So would the IMS data go all of the way down to the physician level and show the scripts that that doctor was writing?

Q. And when you say "other opioids," do you mean all o -- plaids they would write regardless of manufacturer or only Mallinckrodt opioids?

Q. But --

Q. But the -- but focusing on the IMS data that you analyzed to look for trends and stuff, did that include all opioid sales at the physician level?

Q. And in addition to their salaries, were the sales reps' bonuses impacted by the number of scripts they convinced doctors to write?

Q. And in addition to bonuses, were there other awards and prizes available to the sales reps that you supervised while you were at Covidien/Mallinckrodt?

Q. And what kinds of other prizes were available to the sales reps?

Q. And, again, they would -- they would be eligible to earns trips via --

Q. They would be eligible to earn a trip via the president's club for the number of scripts they convinced doctors to write?

Q. And is part of your responsibilities supervising the sales reps at Covidien/Mallinckrodt to conduct performance reviews of the sales reps?

Q. And how -- how frequently did you conduct performance reviews?

Q. I want to turn to the subject of sales tools and resources that were used at Covidien/Mallinckrodt. Did -- were -- were you involved in analyzing the -- well, strike that. Were -- are you -- are you familiar with the use of -- of speakers to help promote Co -- Covidien/Mallinckrodt's drugs?

Q. And how -- how were speakers employed at Covidien/Mallinckrodt to help promote the drug?

Q. My -- my question is: Are you familiar with how speakers were used to help the -- the company promote its drugs?

Q. And -- and how -- how were speakers used to help promote the drugs?

Q. And the present --

Q. Sorry. And the -- the presentation would focus on one of the company's drugs?

Q. Okay. Well, we are going to -- I'm going to show you a document --

Q. -- related to speakers now.

Q. All right.

Q. I'm going to hand you what's been marked as Dumont Exhibit 2. Dumont Exhibit 2 has Bates numbers MNK-Tl 0000670181 through 183. Number 183 is a spreadsheet that I believe is attached to this.

Q. I've pulled up -- before -- before we -- we turn to Exhibit 3, which is the spreadsheet, I'd -- I'd like you to take a look at the e-mail cover sheet which has been marked as Exhibit 2.

Q. The highlighting that appears on the middle of the page shows that Gavin McGowan sent you and others an e-mail on May 14th, 2013. Do you see that?

Q. And who is Gavin McGowan?

Q. And does this appear to be an e-mail that he sent you in the course of his responsibilities to supervise you on that date in May of 2013?

Q. But this -- but this -- this -- does this appear to be an e-mail that you received while you were at work?

Q. Yeah, I'm just trying to establish --

Q. But does this appear to be an e-mail that you received on that day?

Q. And the attached -- the subject line reads: "FY13 Speakers Bureau Spend Report frcm 5-13-13." Do you see that?

Q. And I'd like you to take a look at what has been marked as Exhibit 3. Exhibit 3, does this -- does this spreadsheet appear to be the speakers bureau spend report that is referenced in the e-mail?

Q. Yes. And I'm happy to click on other tabs at the bottom if it would help you to answer that question and review this document.

Q. I'm just going to click on some of the tabs --

Q. -- and you just let me know.

Q. Yeah, but does this appear to be the attachment to the e-mail that's been marked as Exhibit 2?

Q. The -- here, I'm -- I'm clicking on the northeast.

Q. The northeast tab. Do you see that?

Q. And so my question is, so see the column that has "sales rep," "speaker"?

Q. "Location"?

Q. "Speaker title." Do you see that?

Q. Now, does this look like a list of speaker programs that was circulated at the company when you were the sales manager?

Q. Well, this document was -- this is how this document was produced and -- and this is the document that's referred to --

Q. -- on the -- the third page of this e-mail.

Q. So -- so --

Q. I would like to focus on certain rows in this document --

Q. -- on the -- on the tab that I just had you on.

Q. So, what -- what did you say, sir?

Q. Which -- which row is that, can you read us the row?

Q. Okay. So is -- is Warren Klein a sales rep that you supervised?

Q. And if you just keep -- if you look at those rows, can you tell me which of the sales reps are the ones that you supervised?

Q. Okay. Great.

Q. So looking at -- looking at those rows, the -- the -- which include the sales reps that you supervised, does the column that's Column J that appears there, is that the title of the program that was -- that was presented?

Q. If you go back to Row -- sorry -- Column D.

Q. There is the name of physicians or speakers there. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know who Michael Brennan was?

Q. And what about Shawn Donatelli, down on Rows 5 -- 66 through 71?

Q. Okay. So Exhibit 4 has Bates Nos. MNK-T1 0000152399 through 46.

Q. And this is a series of slides with the title "Important Considerations in Customizing Pain Management: Patient Selection and Dosing Strategies." Do you see that?

Q. Now, I'd like to go back to Exhibit 3 --

Q. -- and I'd like to focus on -- I'd like you to focus on, again, the sales reps that you supervised --

Q. -- and I'd like you to look at the title of the program that appears in Rows 47, 48, 49, 50, and then in several other places in that group be -- between Rows 4 -- 247 and 271. Do you see -- do you see that same title appears there?

Q. So does Exhibit 4 appear to be the slides that were used by the doctors who appear there when they are presenting that program?

Q. Did your sales reps attend these speaker programs?

Q. And does this document show the dates that these speaker programs were conducted?

Q. Column B?

Q. Column B, is that the date?

Q. Uh-huh. Does -- if you go over to Columns J and K.

Q. It shows you the Column J is "speaker title" -- or I'm sorry -- "speak title"?

Q. And Column K is the "status."

Q. So if the -- if the -- if the Column K status shows that it was finalized, does that indicate that the speaker program was completed on that day?

Q. Does -- do the columns that continue to show the dollar spent, the region and it shows the -- what kind of program it was?

Q. Does Co -- does Column L show what kind of program it was?

Q. So although you didn't attend any of the speaker program events, you instructed your sales reps to conduct these?

Q. And let's go back to Exhibit 4, which is the slides for the presentation: "Important Considerations in Customizing Pain Management." Did you review the slides that were used at the speaker programs?

Q. Yeah, at any time. Did you look at them before or after?

Q. And I'd like you to look -- on this slide I'd like you to look at Page 18 ending in Bates numbers 2416. So do you see this page?

Q. So, if you look at the second bullet point there, it says: "Due to the delivery performance of the Exalgo tablet, for equivalent daily doses and at a steady state, compared with IR hydromorphone, Exalgo yields: Markedly lower peak to trough fluctuations." Do you see that?

Q. Is that a marketing message that ycu used at Mallinckrodt to describe Exalgo?

Q. Well, this is -- this is the slides that were used by the speakers.

Q. Do you -- do you know whether it was the corporate office or the physician that wrote the slides for the presentations?

Q. And --

Q. And did --

Q. -- did -- did corporate approve the slides that were used by physicians to make presentations on Exalgo?

Q. And did --

Q. And -- and who -- who in corporate was responsible for approving the slides used by the speaker program?

Q. And I'd like you to take a look at Page 12 which ends in Bates numbers 2410. This page has some pictures that have -- the la -- the label above the picture is: "Exalgo tablet characteristics." And the language underneath it says: "The hard outer shell of the Exalgo tablet is a barrier to crushing or chewing it." Is this something that you encouraged the sales reps to use when detailing doctors when describing the characteristics of the Exalgo tablet?

Q. Did -- did -- did -- my question is, the -- the -- describing the tablet characteristics, is that something that you encouraged the sales reps to use when -- when detailing the -- the drug to doctors?

Q. Exhibit 5 has Bates stamps MNK-T1 0000745127 through 131.

Q. Mr. Dumont, before the break we were about to start talking about what's been marked as Exhibit 5, and I would like you to look at the first page. It is up on the screen there. And does the top e-mail appear to be an e-mail you received from Gavin McGowan on October 15th, 2012?

Q. And just so you know, the -- this -- these documents have been produced by your former employer in -- in this format and they've -- they've been produced with attachments that have been sequentially Bates numbered. This -- this document, even though it only has three Bates pages, is 119 pages long and it goes over -- I just -- I just want to go through a few of the pages so that you can see if any of it locks familiar to you.

Q. Does this document appear to be an attendee list for the satellite broadcast that's mentioned in the subject line on the first page?

Q. It is a big mess is what it is.

Q. In -- in his e-mail to you and at this time in 2012, in October of 2012, was Mr. McGowan your supervisor?

Q. And --

Q. The -- the date that appears there on the -- on the satellite?

Q. Okay. And the subject line is: "Satellite Broadcast RSVP List - 2 More Days to Recruit." And then he in his e-mail to you and others says: "Great job recruiting. This is such a fantastic opportunity to educate our top prescribers of the benefits of 32-milligrams." Do you see that?

Q. So does this document reflect an effort by you and os -- others at the company to get people to watch a satellite broadcast?

Q. And then I'd -- I'd like to turn to what we will -- what we'll mark as Dumont Exhibit 6. It's the one that ends in 3402.

Q. And the title of this series of slides says: "Important Considerations in Customizing Pain Management: Patient Selection and Dosing Strategies, October 18th, 2012, a National Broadcast Event." And is this the broadcast event that was referred to in the prior exhibit that you and others at the company were trying to get attendees fcr?

Q. If you look at the page ending with Bates numbers 3403, there is a list of physicians there. The fa -- the expert faculty panel includes Michael Brennan --

Q. -- Charles Argoff and Joseph Shurman. Do you see that?

Q. And do you recognize the name Michael Brennan from the Exhibit 3 that we looked at that -- that was the list of speakers?

Q. Does this document refresh your recollection about who he was?

Q. No. So --

Q. Go -- going back to, like, just generally the speaker programs, how -- how -- how did the speaker pro -- the speaker events work? The -- the document we looked at before sh -- had a column that -- that listed the event as lunch or dinner or something like that, correct?

Q. And would -- in addition to physicians, would there also be physician assistants at -- in attendance?

Q. And what -- and what would generally happen at those events?

Q. And what would -- generally what was the purpose of -- of these events? Was it to educate doctors about the benefits --

Q. -- of the drug?

Q. Chronic pain.

Q. Yeah, my -- and my question isn't whether you attended specific ones. It is just generally what was --

Q. -- what was going on at those.

Q. When you first came to work for Covidien/Mallinckrodt in 2010, were you given any training regarding the drugs that you were going to focus on?

Q. And what -- what kind of training did you receive?

Q. Yeah, just --

Q. -- what you can remember.

Q. And what -- what -- what was the -- what was the one week of home study, was that something that you did on -- on the internet or was that just a bunch of books or what was that?

Q. And --

Q. And -- and did the -- did the training include a discussion about the hazards of opioid products?

Q. And -- and what -- what was -- what do you recall about the discussion about the -- the hazards of opioid products?

Q. When you say it is "part of fair balance," you mean that's part of -- was -- was fair balance part of the training?

Q. And what do you recall about the -- the fair balance issue?

Q. And -- and providing fair balance when presenting drugs is something that's required by the FDA, correct?

Q. And is -- that's something if a company violates is something that could lead to liability for the company, correct?

Q. What kind of training did you in turn do with the sales reps you supervised once you completed your training when you started at Covidien/Mallinckrodt?

Q. So -- so when you went through the training, did you discuss with the sales reps that you supervised the need to provide fair balance when discussing the company's drugs?

Q. So -- so when the -- when the sales reps scheduled the speaker presentations, did they try to schedule those at places that you would consider to be nice restaurants?

Q. So part of the -- part of the strategy to attract them to the programs was to conduct the programs at ni -- nice restaurants?

Q. Have you -- have you ever heard of the -- the restaurant in Pittsburgh called Eleven?

Q. Is that a nice restaurant?

Q. I'd like to go back to Exhibit 3, the -- the Excel file.

Q. So I want to -- I want to again focus on Exhibit 3, Rows -- again, Rows 247 to Rows 271 are listing sales reps that you supervised, correct?

Q. And focusing on Row -- Column J that has the titles of the programs presented, I'd like you to look at the -- the items that appear in Rows -- if you look at the items that appear in Rows 55 -- 255, 256 and 267, 268, do you see a -- a program entitled -- and other places too -- but do you see a program entitled "Pharmacokinetics of Once-Daily Dosing With Exalgo"?

Q. Okay. And I'd like to mark as Exhibit 7 --

Q. So Exhibit 7 has Bates Nos. MNK-Tl 0000755929 through 957. The title, if can you see this page, it says: "Pharmacokinetics of Once-Daily Dosing With Exalgo." Does this -- does this appear to be the slides for the presentation that were indicated on Exhibit 3 on those rows that we were looking at?

Q. Well, it is the same title, right?

Q. But the title is the same as what we saw in Exhibit 3 --

Q. -- right?

Q. So I'd like to go back to Exhibit 3. Okay. And then I'd like you to take a look at Row 252.

Q. Yeah, Ellen Battista.

Q. And then are you familiar with the restaurant that's listed there, Montana's Rib and Chop House in Meadville, Pennsylvania?

Q. If you look at the title of the --

Q. -- presentation there, it reads: "A Case Study of Conversion and Titration to Appropriate Doses of a Long-Acting Opioid Conversion From Hydrocodone." Do you see that?

Q. I'd like to mark as Exhibit 8.

Q. Exhibit 8 has Bates Nos. MNK-11 0000088890 through 8921. If you look at the first page of the slides, the -- the same language appears there. Does -- does this appear to be the slides of the presentation that were -- was indicated by one of your sales reps on Exhibit 3?

Q. Generally was one of the strategies for the company to get doctors to prescribe Exalgc was to convert their patients from oxycodone?

Q. So when we -- when we started this morning, we -- we talked about target lists that the company employed. I'd like to show you what's going to be Dumont Exhibit 9. And Dumont Exhibit 9 has the title "Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Q2 Fiscal Year '15 Target Lists District 20600 Ohio," and it has Bates Nos. MNK-Tl 0000172604.

Q. Exhibit 10 --

Q. Exhibit 10 has Bates Num -- Nos. MNK-T1 0000172604. Again, your former employer has produced these documents sequentially. Exhibit 9 has the next Bates number. And does Exhibit 9 appear to be the attachment that's referred to in the subject line of -- of the top e-mail? Well, actually, all of the e-mails that appear on Exhibit 10?

Q. And is Exhibit 10 an e-mail that you received -- an e-mail exchange you participated in in January of 2015?

Q. And who -- if you look at the middle e-mail -- well, sorry, let -- let's go to the first e-mail on January 9th, 2015, at 6:13 p.m. Do you see that that's an e-mail you received from Travis Moore?

Q. And who is Travis Moore?

Q. And was he -- was he at the corporate office?

Q. And where was your office located?

Q. And where was the headquarters where Mr. Moore was located?

Q. And did you as part of your responsibilities supervising the sales reps in your region, did you meet with them?

Q. No, no. With the sales reps that reported to you?

Q. Yeah. Did you meet with them?

Q. And where would you meet with them?

Q. So -- so you never had an office, a Mallinckrodt office where you met with the sales reps?

Q. And then -- so does -- does the e-mail on January 9th appear to be one that he sent you while you guys were working?

Q. And the second e-mail from you to others on January 12th, 2015, do you see that?

Q. And who did you send that e-mail tc?

Q. And then the last e-mail that you sent to Ashley Skop, is that how you say that name?

Q. Who -- who is she?

Q. But she was one of your sales reps?

Q. And so you forwarded the target list to your team after you received it --

Q. No, that's okay. So I'd like you to look at Exhibit 9.

Q. Is this the -- is this the target list that you were forwarding from Mr. Moore to your sales team?

Q. Well, does this --

Q. So if you look at the --

Q. Sorry. We are going to make it bigger so it will make it easier to look. So this tab is -- is identified as the data field key. Do you recognize this?

Q. So down below, some of the rows in the middle of the page read "Xartemis XR," "market decile," "acute share," "coverage volume." Do you see those?

Q. What does the term "market decile" refer to?

Q. Do -- as par -- as part of the process of targeting physicians or -- or generating a target list, was -- was there a -- a plan to target high prescribing doctors?

Q. And -- and would -- what -- to designate a doctor as high potential or high prescribing was the term "decile" used?

Q. And in that context what does the decile mean?

Q. And if -- if you look be --

Q. -- if you look below there on the -- on the data field key, you see: "Hycd combos." Do you see that?

Q. And it says in the description: "12-month hydroco" -- "hydrocodone TRx " Do you see that?

Q. What does the -- what does the term "combos" mean in that -- that row?

Q. And then do you see down below there is also rows for "oxy volume" --

Q. -- "oxy IR volume," "oxy combo volume." Do you see that?

Q. Do you -- do you know what "combo" means in that row?

Q. And do you know why the information provided in the target lists includes volumes of these -- of these other drugs?

Q. And -- and -- and the way they would target high prescribing physicians is by looking at their prescription habits with other opioids, is that fair?

Q. Okay. I'd like to look at the -- do you see the tabs at the bottom that -- that have numbers associated with them?

Q. And what do those numbers refer to?

Q. And so those -- are those all of the territories that you supervised?

Q. So let's click on the territory for 20601.

Q. Yeah, good. And does this show the -- does the first column -- or I'm sorry. Does the second column indicate the list of the targeted physicians?

Q. So I'd like to focus on the second row there for the doctor Jerome Yokiel.

Q. I don't know if I'm saying that right, but that's...

Q. The name is Y-o-k-i-e-1?

Q. No, I just wanted to spell it for the record. BY

Q. Sorry. I'm kind of a techno idiot. Okay. So, again, for the second rcw, Dr. Jerome Yokiel, it -- it lists the different drugs there in -- in other columns, and -- and is it safe to assume that that -- those columns for "hydro combo volume," "oxy volume," those are the number of prescriptions that that doctor writes?

Q. So what is the -- for Dr. Yokiel, what does the 379,948 refer to?

Q. So -- so you don't know what for -- for what time period the prescribing numbers listed there indicate -- are for?

Q. Okay. Let's go back to the data field key.

Q. So -- so that indicates that that doctor -- here, let's go back to the -- that doctor again. So that indicates in the last 12 months that doctor wrote 379,948 prescriptions for hydro combo?

Q. But you guys used that information in order to --

Q. -- to target that doctor?

Q. So if you go down to the bottom again, so -- so the -- there is one for each territory and then there is another tab down there for Ofirmev.

Q. Is that -- is that a different drug?

Q. Non-opiate non-opioid?

Q. So we are going to mark the next exhibit as Dumont Exhibit 11.

Q. It is a -- it's the document that's up on the screen right now. It has Bates Nos. MNK-T1 0000093355 and it's a nine-page document. The heading is "Exalgo Sales Aid - Run Out of Pain Relief.PDF." The title page has the language: "What will your patients be doing when time runs out on their chronic pain medicine?" Earlier in the day we were talking about -- or you were referring to sales aids for the different drugs. Is this an example of one of the sales aids for Exalgo?

Q. Well, let's take a minute to -- to look at the document. And I don't know if this will refresh your recollection. Just give me -- give me a nod or

Q. Does this -- does this document lock familiar to you?

Q. Okay. Let's bring up the next one. I'm going to mark as Exhibit 12 another one listed as a sales aid that has Bates Nos. MNK-Tl 0000243248.

Q. Again, it's a -- an 11-page document. And I'd just like you to review it for a second and let me know when you are ready to go to the next page.

Q. Does this appear to be an Exalgo sales aid?

Q. If you -- if you look at the -- the second page with Bates numbers 3239, it has a box there that says "Warning." Do you see that?

Q. Was -- was it part of all of the sales aids to contain the -- the warnings about the drug?

Q. And were the warnings the FDA warnings?

Q. Did -- did you think it was important for the sales reps when they were promoting Exalgc to doctors to discuss the risks of the drug with the doctors?

Q. And did you think it was important for them to discuss the warning -- the warnings about the drug?

Q. And why is that?

Q. And do you think it's important so that pay -- patient safety can be addressed?

Q. Do you think it is important so that say -- patient safety can be addressed that the sales reps talk about the risks of the drug?

Q. And did you instruct the sales reps to talk about the -- the risks of addiction and diversion as well?

Q. But -- but generally with the opioids that -- that you helped the sales reps market at Covidien/Mallinckrodt, did -- did you think it was important for them to discuss the risks of addiction and diversion?

Q. And why is that?

Q. Yeah, but I'm -- I'm specifically interested in the -- the why you thought it was important to talk about addiction and diversion with -- with the opioids at -- at Mallinckrodt?

Q. What --

Q. When you -- when you worked at -- at Mallinckrodt, were you personally concerned about the risks of addiction and diversion with the company's opioid products?

Q. Right. So -- but my -- my -- my question is more focused on what you were -- what you were concerned about. Were you -- I mean, generally at -- during that timeframe, were you aware of the national opioid epidemic?

Q. And -- and why was -- why would -- why did it change when you worked -- went to work for Caleo?

Q. And --

Q. -- and you weren't aware of that epidemic when you were at --

Q. -- Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did -- did anybody at Mallinckrodt ever go over with you the death rate in the United States from opioids during the time you were there from 2010 to 2014?

Q. Would you agree -- would you agree in general that talking to doctors about the risks that -- that are contained there on that page is -- is not good for sales of the drug?

Q. Do you -- do you think that discussing the -- the risks and the risk of -- the risk cf addiction with drugs helps sell the drug?

Q. Well, my first question was did -- did it hurt sales and then my second question is you -- you said it didn't really -- you didn't think it really impacted, you know, sales, but my -- my question is did it -- did it help sales to talk about the risks of the drug?

Q. And --

Q. So -- so my questions are just asking for what your best recollection was at the time.

Q. And you -- and you stated earlier that you didn't think Mallinckrodt went over the national epidemic with you. Is -- is that something that you became concerned of after you left Mallinckrodt?

Q. And -- and it's your -- is it your best recollection that you hadn't heard the numbers about the opioid epidemic while you were working at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Remember, what you hear on the news is the opioid is -- is from -- you know, from not them dying from Exalgo or OxyContin or any of these other opioids. They are always dying from the heroin on the street. That's why it never concerned me when I worked there.

Q. I'd like you to take a look at -- are we on Exhibit 12?

Q. I'd like to mark as Exhibit 13 a document that's titled "Exalgo Leave Behind Implementation Guide," and it has Bates Nos. MNK-Tl 0000095581, and it also appears to be a -- a 10-page document.

Q. Does this document look familiar tc you?

Q. Yeah, sure.

Q. It does not?

Q. No, no, I'm just ask -- asking for your recollection.

Q. So I'm going to hand you what's being marked as Exhibit 14.

Q. Exhibit 14 has Bates stamps MNK-11 0000172809 through 2811. 2811 is an attachment that we're going to mark as Exhibit 15.

Q. So Exhibit -- Exhibit 15 is up on the screen and it's -- has the Bates numbers ending in 2811. First of all, please look at the e-mail that's -- exchange that's been marked as Exhibit 14. And does that appear to be a e-mail that you sent on January 29th, 2015?

Q. And you sent this while you -- as part of your responsibilities at Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. And who did you send this document to?

Q. Yeah, that was my question. Without going through each name --

Q. -- does -- does everyone there appear to be the sales reps that you supervised?

Q. And who was Kimberly Gawart?

Q. And does Exhibit 15 appear to be the attachment that was -- that you circulated in a -- in that -- in that e-mail?

Q. Yes. This is -- this is documents, again, produced by your former employer.

Q. This document was shown a few times?

Q. And -- and so the -- the first tab on the spreadsheet on Exhibit 15 contains, the first column is -- is the territory, and those numbers are the same as we saw in the other -- the target list document, correct?

Q. And those are numbers that indicate the territories you were responsible for?

Q. And did each one of those territories have one sales rep?

Q. And what is the next column over which says -- has the title "Latest Week of TRx Data Ending on January 9th, 2015"?

Q. So you were -- you were -- at the company you were able to look at the number of prescriptions for Xartemis for each one of your regions?

Q. And one of the columns there says "since launch," and that shows the total prescriptions written for that drug in your regions?

Q. And what does the next column, the "XXR Growth" refer to?

Q. And then the next column over has the heading Xtermis -- Xtremis, Xtarmis? Sorry.

Q. "Xartemis," sorry, Xartemis, sorry, "Call Activity".

Q. What -- what is that section there?

Q. But -- but, again, is this recording the -- for all time the number of calls that your sales reps did since the launch of the drug?

Q. But if you look over in the far right column in that section on call activity, it says "since launch." Do you see that?

Q. Does that indicate the number of calls that your sales reps made since the launch of that drug?

Q. But this is a document you circulated to your sales reps?

Q. Right. But is -- but is this purporting to track the number of calls that your sales reps made since the launch of the drug?

Q. So is this information something you receive from corporate?

Q. Who did you receive it from?

Q. So if you look down at the bottom cf Exhibit 14 --

Q. It's -- there is an e-mail there that carries over to the second page --

Q. -- dated January 28th --

Q. -- from Elizabeth Hudson. Do you see that?

Q. So is she forwarding you this information from corporate?

Q. And who is Elizabeth Hudson?

Q. And how frequently when you were there at Mallinckrodt did you receive information like this from corporate?

Q. Well, what's your best recollection of --

Q. -- how often you received --

Q. Let me finish.

Q. How -- what's your best recollection of how often you received information tracking calls?

Q. Let's go back to that spreadsheet. So going -- looking back at -- at Exhibit 15, that -- the -- the spreadsheet for -- with -- with the heading "Sales Goals," going over to the right the -- there is a section of columns that reads "X" -- "Xartemis Weekly TRx." Do you see that?

Q. And is that a -- what -- what is that information?

Q. For e -- for each one of your regions?

Q. And then keep -- if you keep going, there is another section of columns labeled "Xartemis weekly call activity." Do you see that?

Q. And is that similar to the totals that we saw earlier to the left?

Q. And what -- do you recall when that drug was launched?

Q. That's o -- that's okay. I'll show you a document.

Q. So the column -- the -- the tabs at the bottom have -- there is a -- there is a different tab for each -- each one of your regions, correct?

Q. And then the OF -- OFMV, is that -- is that the other drug that you were responsible for?

Q. Yeah.

Q. I'm going to mark as Exhibit 16 a document titled "Operation Change Agent, Patient Acquisition Strategy," with Bates Nos. MNK-Tl 0001465578.

Q. I'm just going to go through the document so you can see what the pages are. I have a question about one of the back pages.

Q. If you want me to slow down...?

Q. Okay. So this first question I have is about Page 5 that has the heading "Exalgo Table" -- "Tablet Characteristics." Do you see this?

Q. So is this information that you instructed the sales force to use when talking about the drug, and that is the hard outer shell of the drug?

Q. So that -- so the hard outer shell was

Q. Excuse me?

Q. Yeah, sorry.

Q. Yes. So looking at Page 25, there is a heading on here: "The Extra Mile Challenge Standings of March 29th," and it lists a column which says "RDs." Is that regional directors?

Q. Sorry.

Q. Okay. And does -- and so does that -- does that indicate that you and three other people reported to Mr. Nichols?

Q. And do you know why your name appears next to No. 3 on that page?

Q. Do you know what the Extra Mile Challenge standing was?

Q. Does -- does this appear to be some kind of

Q. -- bonus?

Q. Was it a kind of bonus?

Q. I have a question about something that appears earlier in the document. So if you look at Page 3, there is a OxyContin update, and it -- it has a bullet point that reads: "On April 17th, the FDA ruled: The reformulated product has abuse deterrent properties. The original OxyContin was withdrawn from sale for reasons of safety or effectiveness." The "New La" -- and then the next bullet reads: "New labeling was approved which indicates that the product has physical and chemical properties that are expected to make abuse via injection difficult and to reduce abuse via the intranasal route ." Do you see that?

Q. Was -- was the abuse-deterrent properties of Exalgo something that you featured as a selling point to doctors?

Q. So this isn't something that you instructed the sales force to use as a selling feature to doctors?

Q. Well -- well --

Q. Did -- did you -- did you think that the drug Exalgo had abuse-deterrent properties?

Q. Right. But my question is more do -- did you think that the drug in -- in its formulation had abuse-deterrent properties?

Q. The next page, Page 4, which has the heading "Implications for Exalgo," there is an item -- there is a -- the sentence there that reads: "Our customers need to understand there are physical characteristics of Exalgo which provide barriers to crushing, chewing, snorting and injecting hydromorphone." Do you see that?

Q. So my -- again, the same question: Did you think that Exalgo had abuse-deterrent properties which were used as a sales feature to physicians?

Q. I think that's the extent of the documents from the computer that I'm going to be -- that I'm going to use. I'm not saying there won't be others, but I don't think there is any more right now.

Q. I'm going to hand you what I'm marking as Exhibit 16. Oops. Hang on. I need one of those back. I think it's a two-page document. Let me -- Sir, may I have that back? I'm sorry.

Q. Sorry. It is supposed to be two pages.

Q. Okay. I'll start over again.

Q. Here, I'm going to hand you what's been marked as Exhibit 17. Exhibit 17 has Bates stamps MNK-T1 0006896270 through 6271. And does this document appear to be an e-mail that you sent on March 21st, 2011?

Q. And you sent it to Mr. McGowan?

Q. And is that who you reported to at the time?

Q. And what is the attachment to this e-mail?

Q. And when you say "market payers," what does that mean?

Q. On the last line of your e-mail to Mr. McGowan, you say: "40 percent of OxyContin is either abused or dire" -- "or diverted by our providers." Do you see that?

Q. What did you mean in that sentence by the term "providers"?

Q. Well, I don't -- I -- can you explain that sentence?

Q. Do you --

Q. And so in this sentence are you -- are you saying that 40 percent of the OxyContin paid for by the insurance companies listed on Page 2 is either abused or die -- or diverted?

Q. To -- to eliminate the sale of OxyContin?

Q. And so why did you want to have that percentage of OxyContin that was diverted or abused removed from your --

Q. -- performance goals?

Q. So what happened as a result of this request to remove --

Q. -- 40 percent of OxyContin from your performance goals?

Q. I'm going to hand you what's been marked as Exhibit 18. Exhibit 18 --

Q. Exhibit 18 has Bates stamps MNK-T1 000011375 through 1380. If you look at the -- the e-mail that's contained on this document is dated April 17th, 2014, and the "to" line includes a bunch of groups.

Q. Do you -- do you recognize any of those e-mail groups? Well, let me -- let me be more specific. If you look at the second line of the "to" lines, there is a group that's called the "Pharma Field Sales." Do you see that?

Q. Would you -- would you have been included in the -- an e-mail group known as the Pharma Field Sales?

Q. Which one, the -- the DMs?

Q. And does that stand for district managers?

Q. Does this -- is this document -- and please take a look -- look at the document before you answer any questions. The basic question on the first page is who is -- do you know who Ed Grelle is?

Q. And who is he?

Q. And is this an example of a document that was used to train the sales force?

Q. So is this, like, a sample frequently asked questions and the proposed responses sales reps could use to help market the drug?

Q. Well, just take a minute to -- to review the document, does -- but does it look like this was --

Q. And so my question is: Does this appear to be a document that was used to help train the sales force to sell Xartemis XR?

Q. Okay. Sorry. I lied when I said I was done with the computer.

Q. I'm -- I'm going to mark as Exhibit 19 an e-mail and a -- its attachment. The e-mail is Bates Nos. MNK-Tl 0000173659 and the attachment is 3660.

Q. Does the e-mail appear to be an e-mail that you received from Mark Schall on February 28th, 2014?

Q. And that's something that you received in the course of your employment at Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. And who is Mark Schall?

Q. And he says in the subject line: "The Xartemis business plan." Do you see that?

Q. So now we are going to look at the attachment. And this is the attachment. Does this look like a business plan that he forwarded tc you?

Q. So this is the first tab which is the launch calendar?

Q. The launch -- for the entries for March of 2014, there is entries for the week of March 17th which say: "XXR national launch meeting." Do you see that?

Q. Does this refresh your recollection when that drug launched?

Q. And does this document show that it launched the week of March 17th, 2014?

Q. And then the second tab contains an entry above the first column that says: "Top 20 targets." Do you see that?

Q. So is it part of your sales reps' responsibilities to send you their -- their tcp 20 target lists?

Q. So the -- his "Top 20 target list" is something that's given to him by corporate, it is not something he develops?

Q. Okay. So now I'm confused. I thought you said it came from corporate?

Q. So -- so would the business plan come blank and then the sales reps would fill it in?

Q. So does this appear to be -- sorry. I forgot his name. The --

Q. Schall?

Q. Sh -- did the -- does this appear to be Mr. Schall's business plan that he forwarded to you?

Q. Yeah. So did he -- was he off -- if you look at the next tab --

Q. -- he also -- was he also responsible for filling in who his top ten group practices to target were?

Q. And then if you look at the next tab?

Q. So the pharmacy -- the pharmacy tab is blank. And then he was -- as part of his business plan, was he also responsible for doing his top ten target list for Exalgo?

Q. And, you know, based on your experience supervising him and other sales reps, how did they go about developing their top ten lists?

Q. So -- so when you say access, do you mean that because they are on -- they are on a formulary or they're -- or they have insurance coverage?

Q. And -- and how does being on a -- cn a formulary help with -- with marketing to a physician?

Q. And then I want to look at the -- the tab at the bottom that says "four-week routing"?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. What does that refer to?

Q. So, does this -- does this indicate that he is planning out a month in advance who he is going to call on a daily basis?

Q. And would the same factors that he used to come up with the top ten list be used by him to target the physicians listed on, um, his four-week plan?

Q. I'm going to hand you what's been marked as Exhibit 20. Exhibit 20 has Bates stamps MNK-Tl 0000111808. Does Exhibit 20 appear to be an e-mail that you sent on November 8th, 2013?

Q. And did you send this to your sales team?

Q. Is everybody listed in the "to" line someone on your sales team?

Q. And who is Kevin Baker -- I'm sorry -- Becker?

Q. And -- and were you also a DM?

Q. And why did you send this e-mail to Mr. Becker as well?

Q. And does -- and does this document reflect an e-mail exchange that you had with Alizabeth Dicicci -- Dicicco?

Q. Dicicco?

Q. On November 8th, 2013?

Q. And do you see down below that she sent you an e-mail at -- at 9:20 a.m. that day?

Q. And what was she doing in the e-mail to you?

Q. The -- the subject line of her e-mail to you says "Dr. Tatum"?

Q. And then the first sentence of her e-mail says: "I had a good lunch with Dr. Tatum yesterday." Do you see that?

Q. Was she giving you an -- an update about her doctor visit?

Q. And did your sales reps routinely provide you with updates regarding their doctor visits via e-mail?

Q. Did -- did you ask your sales reps to send you an e-mail about every single doctor visit?

Q. Did -- did your sales reps record their doctors' visits in any computer system that the company maintained?

Q. How frequently did your sales reps provide you with updates regarding their doctor visits?

Q. So in the middle paragraph that begins: "He shared his concerns," do you see that paragraph?

Q. The second-to-last -- sorry -- the second-to-last sentence reads: "He then asked about abuse-deterrent properties with Exalgo and we discussed OROS technology." Do you see that?

Q. Did you encourage your sales reps to discuss abu -- abuse-deterrent properties of Exalgo with the doctors they visited?

Q. Good afternoon, Mr. Dumont. I've handed you what's been marked as Exhibit 21. Exhibit 21 has Bates stamps MNK-Tl 0000172067 through 2081. Does this appear to be an e-mail exchange that you participated in on October 15 and 16, 2014?

Q. If you flip over to the second page, the earliest e-mail in time is from October 15th, 2014. That's an e-mail -- is that an e-mail that you received from Harry Psaros?

Q. Psaros?

Q. And who is Mr. Psaros?

Q. If you look at the attachment to the e-mail, and if you need to flip through it to gain familiarity with it, what is the -- are you -- are you familiar with the -- the heading "Field Coaching Report"?

Q. And what is this document?

Q. What --

Q. What's a field ride?

Q. And does it also include attending physician meetings --

Q. -- with a sales rep?

Q. And does this document indicate a field coaching report that you filled out for Mark Schall?

Q. And Mark Schall is one of your sales reps?

Q. So if you look down on -- there is different sections of the first page that ends in 2069. There is a section that is listed as Business Acumen. Do you see that?

Q. And under that do you see a box that reads: "Resource Utilization "?

Q. What is meant by the term "iPad MSA"?

Q. And would --

Q. And what is meant by the term "vouchers"?

Q. Well, if you look at -- if you look at the box next to Resource Utilization, do you see that there is a sentence there that says: "Continue to hold your XXR providers accountable for their actions" --

Q. -- "for the XXR Rx free coupons" --

Q. -- "and weekly follow-up" -- "and follow up weekly." Do you see that?

Q. Does the vouchers refer to the free coupons?

Q. And when you --

Q. -- were -- in 2014 when your sales reps were marketing X -- X -- Xitremix --

Q. Xartemis, were you -- were -- was the company using free coupons to help market that drug?

Q. And --

Q. Do you -- do you know what the acronym "FTF" stands for?

Q. What about "MAP tool"?

Q. But this -- but this is a document that you filled out?

Q. As part of your responsibilities supervising the sales reps, did you monitor all of the prescriptions that the physicians they called on wrote?

Q. Does sales operations forward that information to you and the sales reps?

Q. So if you flip over to the fifth page, it -- ending in Bates stamps 2071, there is a box that says: "Sales Messaging - Pennsaid 2 percent." Do you see that?

Q. And do you see the second row under that it says: "Use iPad MSA"?

Q. Do you -- do you know what the MSA in -- in that line stands for?

Q. Okay. I'm -- I'm done with that one.

Q. I've handed you what's been marked as Exhibit 22, Bates stamps MNK-T1 0000173980 through 984. This appears to be an e-mail with an attachment dated May 23, 2014. Does this appear to be

Q. Well, it -- it is an e-mail that has the subject line "Midyear Review," right?

Q. And it -- it's an e-mail that you received while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And who was Jay Rago?

Q. And is this a -- his evaluation of -- of your performance?

Q. If you look at the third page -- well, it is actually the second page of the attachment that has Bates number ending in 3982.

Q. Do you see that there is nine items listed there?

Q. Do you see the seventh item which reads: "Solid relationships with key surgeons and their staffs, big issue for the incentive reps"?

Q. Do you see that? Do you know what is meant by the term "incentive reps"?

Q. Did I say "incentive"?

Q. I'm sorry. I meant to say --

Q. Inventive reps?

Q. So is it a sales force different than the -- the eight or ten people that you supervised?

Q. And how many -- how many people were in that sales force?

Q. How many -- how many inventive reps did you supervise?

Q. Was it like more than a few or --

Q. And what were they responsible for selling?

Q. At -- earlier in the deposition you gave a list of all of the drugs that you were responsible for, correct?

Q. Would -- would the inventive reps that you supervised at any time during your tenure also be focused only on the drugs that you were responsible for?

Q. And then No. 9 reads: "IMS data - need help ASAP for planning purposes." Do you know what that entry is referring to?

Q. Is -- is this -- is this -- is some of this information things that you filled out?

Q. Well, the -- the heading above the nine items on -- on the page ending in 3982 reads: "List any barriers and provide specific examples that stand in the way of goal accomplishment based on discussion."

Q. So, did you discuss from time to time with your supervisors the need for IMS data in order to complete your analytic work?

Q. On the -- on the previous page, there is

Q. What is -- what is -- do you know what "Pitt goal" means there?

Q. In -- in the Pittsburgh area?

Q. I've handed you what's been marked as Plaintiff's Exhibit 23, MNK-T1 0000175030. Does this appear to be an e-mail exchange that you participated in in December of 2013?

Q. Well, let's start at the bottom then. Does -- does the bottom one appear to be an e-mail that you received from Gavin McGowan on December 4th, 2013?

Q. And at that time were -- were you reporting to Mr. McGowan?

Q. And the middle e-mail is -- is from you to

Q. And the top e-mail is from Janie Mills back to you, correct?

Q. On December 17th, 2013?

Q. And she is re -- reporting back to you about certain doctors, correct?

Q. And is Michael Kostenko one of them?

Q. And she wrote: "Questionable practice. Other doctors in the area told me this is a pill mill in a dangerous environment and that I should not go there." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall that doctor's name?

Q. Do you recall doing anything in response to her request to -- or her -- her -- in response to her letting you know that there was a problem with that doctor?

Q. But my -- my question is did you -- do you recall doing anything in re -- in response to this information?

Q. Did -- did you ever instruct your sales reps not to call on doctors that ran all cash clinics?

Q. Did you ever instruct your sales reps not to call on doctors who maintained what was referred to as a questionable practice?

Q. And did you ever instruct your sales reps not to call on doctors who ran what are known as pill mills?

Q. Exhibit 24 has Bates stamps MNK-Tl 0000602545. And does this document appear to be an e-mail exchange you participated in on January 15th through 16th, 2015?

Q. And who is -- well, let me strike that. Do you recognize the name Susan Jolliff?

Q. And who is she?

Q. In your E -- in the first e-mail on January 15th at 3:50, you say: "Susan, Here you go, if you need anything else please call. Who is John Riester??? 1,254 TRxs of Percocet and Norco - 313 TRxs a month. This could be the only physician you would need to visit if you got 20 percent of his TRxs." How -- how -- where did you obtain the data regarding that doctor's prescription writing?

Q. And you may have already testified -- you may have already answered this question, but how did you access IMS data while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So you didn't -- you didn't have access to

Q. You are talking about the target lists?

Q. Okay.

Q. Exhibit 25 has Bates stamps MNK-11 0000604701 through 702. And does Exhibit 25 appear to be an e-mail exchange you participated in on -- in May and June of 2014?

Q. If you flip over to the back --

Q. -- there is -- does that appear to be an e-mail that you received on May 8th, 2014?

Q. And is that an e-mail that you received from Maggie Glassman?

Q. And who is Maggie Glassman?

Q. And did you forward that e-mail to Sue Maestra on May 16th, 2014?

Q. And the subject line in your e-mail to Ms. Maestra is: "Johnstown pivot." Do you see that?

Q. Who -- first of all, who is Sue Maestra?

Q. What is meant by the term "pivot table"?

Q. So -- so is it -- does the term "pivot table" refer to convincing doctors to switch their patients from Percocet to Xartemis?

Q. And then -- and then if you flip over to the next page, there is a response from Ms. Maestra on June 20th, 2014.

Q. Do you see that, it says, "I will"?

Q. Does reviewing this -- these -- this e-mail exchange on June 20th, does it refresh your recollection on who she was?

Q. And -- and who --

Q. -- and who --

Q. So on -- at 9:50 a.m. on the 20th, you wrote: "Sue, Please open the pivot table that I sent to you on May 16" -

Q. -- "2014, and review the tab titled Analysis." Do you see that?

Q. Does that help refresh your recollection about what the -- the pivot table was?

Q. And why were you focused on physicians that -- that wrote Percocet?

Q. Okay. Done with that.

Q. 26. Exhibit 26 has Bates stamps MNK-11 0000680787.

Q. Through 797. And does this appear to be an e-mail that you received from Terese Lafeber on February 28th, 2014?

Q. And do you recognize that name?

Q. Do you recognize the form that's attached to this e-mail?

Q. And what is it?

Q. And was that commission program known as

Q. -- sales incentive compensation plan?

Q. And under -- and you're -- you're free to -- sales incentive compensation plan --

Q. -- SICP?

Q. It --- and it -- is it safe to say that the more Exalgo prescriptions that were written in their district the better they would do under this sales incentive compensation plan?

Q. Were you allowed to participate in the SICP?

Q. That's it for that one.

Q. Exhibit 27 has Bates stamps MNK-Tl 0000681497 through 98. Does Exhibit 27 appear to be an e-mail exchange from July 8th and 9th, 2013?

Q. And if you look at the earliest e-mail in time on July 8th at 2:08 p.m., it goes from Jessica Webb to Jennifer Terp. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know who those people are?

Q. The bottom e-mail talks about a Dr. John Terry.

Q. And if you flip over and read the whole e-mail, it says that he "was escorted out in handcuffs with three state police officers and three DEA officers." Do you see that?

Q. And she was asking -- does the e-mail reflect that Jessica Webb was asking Jennifer to have that doctor removed from her target list?

Q. And when -- when Jennifer Terp writes her back on July 9th, she says: "There will be a drop down request marked 'Jailed' which is what you'd want to list for him." Do you see that?

Q. Did -- did the computer system for the company that -- that allowed the sales reps to add doctors and take doctors out have a drop down request that said "Jailed"?

Q. And then Jessica Webb sends you an e-mail forwarding you the -- her exchange with Jennifer Terp. Do you see that?

Q. And then up above at the top it says -- you -- you sent it on to -- back -- you sent it back to Jennifer, right?

Q. And is -- is Jennifer Leonard received --

Q. Okay. Sep -- separate from Jennifer Terp?

Q. And so you were forwarding this on to her --

Q. -- so she would know what to do with that doctor?

Q. And -- and is Dr. R in your e-mail the -- the other doctor you are referring to?

Q. And do you know --

Q. 0th -- other than -- other than forwarding this, the information about how to indicate that a --

Q. Uh-huh. But when you -- before -- before lunch you testified that you didn't recall instructing the sales reps to remove doctors because they ran a pill mill or

Q. Okay. Well, I'll start over.

Q. So we just looked at an exhibit --

Q. -- where you forwarded information about how to indicate a doctor had been jailed --

Q. -- to another sales rep, right?

Q. Okay. And my question to you is: Did you -- did you instruct the sales reps to remove doctors from their target lists for other reasons besides the one indicated in that exhibit that they had been jailed?

Q. Yeah, but my question is: Did you instruct them to remove doctors for -- for reasons other than they -- that they had been jailed?

Q. Did -- did you ever instruct any of the sale reps to re -- remove doctors from their target lists for reasons other than the access and the formulary issue, that is, because they -- you -- you were concerned about diversion or -- or abuse from -- from that doctor?

Q. Thanks.

Q. Exhibit 28 has Bates stamps MNK-T1 0000681637 through 650. And does this appear to be an e-mail that you sent on August 28th, 2013?

Q. And did you send it to Shannon Kelly?

Q. And who is Shannon Kelly?

Q. Was she a district manager?

Q. And does this business plan update show the change in your territory that -- that we discussed this morning? And you are obviously free to review the document --

Q. -- but just --

Q. To make it easier for you, please look at Pages 640 and 641.

Q. Okay. So -- so you had Youngstown, Ohio and Akron, Ohio when you first started at the company?

Q. Okay. So does this reflect the --

Q. -- the second iteration of your territory?

Q. And -- and if you look at the --

Q. So if you look at the page ending in 643, it says: "FTO Performance By District."

Q. What -- what does "FTO" refer to?

Q. If you flip over, there is a page on 644 that says: "FTO - Performance by territory."

Q. Does that help at all?

Q. And then is this a document that ycu prepared?

Q. And then look up --

Q. I'm sorry. Go ahead.

Q. No, that's okay. Go ahead.

Q. What about -- what about the last three pages, 648 through 50?

Q. Is -- is that a page that you completed?

Q. So -- so the --

Q. So the -- the priorities that are -- are listed there are --

Q. -- came from corporate?

Q. Was -- was using the free trial offers on Exalgo, was that a directive from corporate?

Q. And the -- and what is a free trial offer?

Q. And it's your understanding that the -- that the numbers listed on 643 and 644 are the -- the number of -- the total number of free trial offers by district and then the total numbers used by your sales reps?

Q. Exhibit 29 has Bates stamps MNK-T1 0000681784 and 785. And is this an e-mail exchange you had with Julie Cunningham on October 17 and 18, 2013?

Q. And did you forward Julie's e-mail from October 17th to your sales team on October 18th?

Q. And is everyone there in the "to" line people on your sales team?

Q. And what about the "cc"?

Q. Was that -- was he a district manager?

Q. And -- and is this an e-mail that you re -- Julie Cunningham, she was a sales rep who reported to you?

Q. And is this an example of her giving you an update about a -- a call with a doctor?

Q. Okay. That's all I have on that document.

Q. Exhibit 30 has Bates stamps MNK-Tl 0000911866 through 873. The attachment is from Page 873 and it's a -- a two-page attachment. First of all, looking up at the top "to" line on the -- on the first page, it -- the e-mail is sent to -- well, strike that. Does -- does the e-mail address that includes DMs in -- indicate that this e-mail was sent to you, among others?

Q. And do you recognize the name Michael Wessler?

Q. And who is he?

Q. In his e-mail he says: "Hello SP Nation: The time is now to take advantage of the remainder of the selling days left this quarter. As Jamie mentioned, our first priority is to deliver against our financial commitments." Do you see that language?

Q. Do you know who Jamie is that he is referring to there?

Q. And in the -- in that sentence, he said that she -- I assume Jamie is a she?

Q. Jamie is a he?

Q. Okay. That he -- he mentioned that the first priority was to deliver against the financial commitments. Do you agree with that statement at the company that the first priority was to deliver against the financial commitments?

Q. And then at the next paragraph there that begins: "1) Challenge our customers on each call." It says: "We need to challenge our customers' perceptions of hydromorphone." Do you see that?

Q. Was part of the marketing strategy for Exalgo to switch patients from hydromorphone?

Q. So you don't have any idea why he -- he was saying that there was a need to challenge the customer's perception of hydromorphone?

Q. So if you look at the attachment, there is it looks like some slides, the last two pages.

Q. It says -- the top says: "Four Doses for Success" and then the -- the first slide has four boxes and the left slide -- the left upper slide says: "The Challenge: Challenge the misperception of hydromorphone; challenge the types of opioid-tolerant patients for whom Exal" -- "Exalgo is being used."

Q. Does this refresh your recollection about why hydromorphone is -- is mentioned?

Q. Was Exalgo like a slow release form of hydromorphone?

Q. Was it -- was it an extended release form of -- of hydromorphone?
