Witness:  Lisa Cardetti
Attorney: MR. Dearman
Source:   MNKOI0005220006
============================================================

Q. Good morning. My name is Mark Dearman. We met before the depo started.

Q. I'm going to be asking you some questions today. Is this the first depo you've ever given?

Q. Very good. What's your -- would you state your full name for the record?

Q. And what is your current occupation?

Q. And what is your residential address? . .

Q. Because this is your first depo, I'm going to give you some rules that we both need to follow in order to get a clear record. Like I said, I'm going to be asking you questions, which you need to answer unless your counsel instructs you not to answer. There may be objections from time to time. After counsel objects, unless they instruct you not to answer, you need to answer the question. Okay?

Q. It's important that you answer orally because we all nod our head and say uh-huh and huh-uh, but it doesn't give us a clear record, so if you would please answer orally. We will all remind you if it happens because it's just common. If you don't understand a question that I ask you, say Mark, I don't understand that question, and I will do my best to rephrase it because if you answer my question I'm going to assume that you understood the question. It's also important that you wait for me to ask my entire question even though you may know what the question's going to be already. It's important for the record that I get my entire question out and then allow you to get your entire answer out so that we have

Q. And you understand those, I guess?

Q. Are you represented by counsel here today?

Q. And who are you represented by?

Q. Do you have a representation -- a written representation agreement with Ropes & Gray?

Q. Do you have that with you here today?

Q. But you do have a written agreement?

Q. Are you being compensated for your -- for appearing here today?

Q. Are you compensating the attorneys from Ropes & Gray for their representation of you?

Q. I'm going to show you an exhibit. I'll show you what we're going to mark as Exhibit 1. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Cardetti-001 marked for identification.]

Q. Have you ever seen that document before it was just handed to you?

Q. When was the first time that you saw it?

Q. Was that the first time that you saw it?

Q. If you turn to Page 3 of the document, it says Schedule A and it has your name under it. Do you see that?

Q. Have you brought any documents with you to the deposition today?

Q. Have you looked in your own personal papers and belongings for any documents responsive to Schedule A?

Q. Did you provide your counsel with any documents?

Q. How many times did you meet with counsel?

Q. When was the first time?

Q. And where did you meet?

Q. And who was present?

Q. Do you know who those attorneys are?

Q. Did you understand the other participant to be an attorney?

Q. Did anyone else attend besides ycu and the two attorneys?

Q. How long did you meet for?

Q. During that meeting -- I'm not asking you to tell me what documents, but during that meeting, did counsel show you any documents?

Q. Did any of the documents which counsel showed you refresh your recollection as to any issue?

Q. When is the second time that you met with counsel?

Q. In Kansas City?

Q. And for how long?

Q. And who was in attendance at that meeting?

Q. Like my prior question, were you shown any documents at that meeting?

Q. Did any of those documents refresh your recollection as to any of the issues?

Q. Did you bring any documents to that meeting?

Q. I had asked you earlier whether or not you had looked through any of your belongings for any documents. Do you have an office at your home?

Q. Do you have filing cabinets at your home?

Q. Do you have documents that related to your time at Mallinckrodt at your home?

Q. And how is it that you know that you don't have any documents relating to you and Mallinckrodt at your house?

Q. But just to be clear, you did not look to see whether you had any documents; correct?

Q. And I'm just -- I'm not trying tc be difficult, but I'm asking how it is you know if you didn't look?

Q. Are you aware that this country is experiencing an opioid epidemic?

Q. Has this epidemic affected your community?

Q. And I understand that you're not familiar with the details, but are you aware as to whether or not it has impacted your community?

Q. Has it impacted your family?

Q. Has it impacted any of your friends?

Q. I'm going to show you Exhibit 2, which is Bates-stamped. So from time to time I'm going to say the word Bates numbers or Bates-stamped, and that's going to be the number at the bottom of the document. There's not one on that.

Q. But this document that I'm handing you, which is Exhibit 2, and is Bates number MNK-Tl 0007896477. Sorry about that. Can I see that one for a second? I want to make sure I didn't highlight on that one and give you one that's not highlighted. Yeah. Sorry about that. Are you familiar with this document?

Q. Is this a document that you prepared?

Q. Do you know when you prepared it?

Q. Is this your current résumé?

Q. Do you believe it to be accurate?

Q. On Page 2 of the document it talks about your education. Do you see that? Do you see that?

Q. Other than the University of Missouri and Webster University, have you received any other formal education?

Q. After you left the University of Missouri in 2004, there's a -- it seems to be that there's a spread between starting at Mallinckrodt in January of 2006. Do you see that?

Q. Hopefully you did something fun those two years.

Q. And in that two-year period did you have any employment in the pharmaceutical or in the pharmaceutical world?

Q. You started at Mallinckrodt in January of 2006?

Q. And how is it that you ended up getting connected with Mallinckrodt?

Q. Where were you living back in 2006?

Q. Was the family friend a employee of Mallinckrodt?

Q. And who was that?

Q. And what was Mr. Longenecker's position at the time?

Q. And what position did you apply for?

Q. And it indicates that you were a customer service representative from January to October -- is that correct -- of 2006?

Q. Who was your direct report?

Q. What was Sean's title?

Q. What were your duties and responsibilities as a customer service representative from January of 2006 to October of 2006?

Q. And when you say order entry, what is it that you mean?

Q. So how is it that you would get information to enter? I'm just trying to understand a little bit.

Q. And what type of system were you entering it into?

Q. Did you have any contact with the clients, or was this information provided to you by somebody else and then you just checked it and inputted it?

Q. At that point in time were you having any contact with customers?

Q. And these were scheduled medications?

Q. And you indicated before when you were talking about the 222 form that you would compare the quantities and make sure everything matched and then would enter it into the system. What do you mean by compare quantities to make sure that there was a match?

Q. And just when you say matched, what is -- what are you matching?

Q. And did you receive any training in order to do that?

Q. What kind of training did you receive?

Q. And what were you looking for?

Q. And when you say compared and aligned, do you mean that you wanted to make certain that the PO wasn't requesting additional medication over and above what the 222 provided?

Q. Were you looking to make sure that the PO and the 222 matched, meaning the NDC numbers cn the PO were the same things that were on the 222 -- the same NDC numbers and the same quantities?

Q. And if there were a difference between what the 222 provided --

Q. -- and what the PO provided such that the PO would ask for different NDCs or different quantities, what was your responsibility at that point?

Q. And if the PO asked for additional quantities or different NDCs from the 222 and you called the customer and the customer said the PO is correct, what was the protocol at that point?

Q. And do you recall what kind of changes -- strike that. Do you recall what the protocol or the policy was as to what discrepancies you had authority or discretion to initial and rewrite?

Q. You've mentioned the term customers a few times. At that point in time, can you tell me -- define who the customer was or which -- what the customer was?

Q. So back in 2006, Amerisource was one of your biggest customers?

Q. And are they a wholesaler, a distributor, or a retail?

Q. And what is your understanding or was your understanding of what a wholesaler was?

Q. What's the difference between a wholesaler and a distributor?

Q. And the retail would be the pharmacies?

Q. So the bigger retail pharmacies?

Q. And you mentioned ABC was your customer. Did you have some particular responsibility for Amerisource?

Q. Were you receiving POs and 222s from specific clients, or was there a group of you that were sort of splitting them up as they came in?

Q. Anybody else besides AmerisourceBergen that you can recall servicing as one of your customers?

Q. And what drugs were at issue? What drugs were you providing to Amerisource?

Q. It was a bad question.

Q. What drugs were on the 222s and the POs -- scheduled drugs?

Q. And back in 2006, January to October, do you recall what those drugs were or any of those drugs?

Q. Do you remember what drugs were in Mallinckrodt's portfolio back in January -- between January and October of 2006 -- scheduled drugs?

Q. And if you would tell me -- if you'd list the Schedule 2 drugs.

Q. And was your compensation structure -- can you tell me your compensation structure back then? I'm not asking you particulars, but do you recall if there were bonuses, or --

Q. And did there come a time where you got a promotion at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Now, prior to October of 2006, did you have any involvement with regard to the contracts between Mallinckrodt and any of its customers?

Q. In October of 2006 to November of 2007 you've listed on your résumé senior contract specialist; correct?

Q. Who was your direct report?

Q. And what were your duties and responsibilities as a senior contract specialist?

Q. At this point in time, as a senior contract specialist, were you in the sales and marketing division or department?

Q. What was it under?

Q. Is that the same thing for your CSR, customer service representative, position you held before?

Q. And those would be shared services between sales and marketing and other groups?

Q. And what were your duties and responsibilities as a senior contract specialist? I know you indicated that you'd be provided templates.

Q. Did you have contact with the customers in that role?

Q. So if you don't mind describing it in a little bit more detail. You would be provided a template or you had a template to do what with?

Q. And these would be proposals with regard to drug pricing?

Q. And other than drug pricing, what were other -- what were some of the other templates, if you recall?

Q. On your résumé under senior contract specialist, one of the bullets says provide support in the resolution of price disputes assisting internal personnel and external customers. That was the reason that I sort of asked you about whether or not you had contact with customers. What type of support did you provide with regard to price disputes?

Q. And when you say correcting the document, what does that mean?

Q. That's all right.

Q. So you -- that's all right. So you used the term disputes, but it was really to address any errors that were in the documents?

Q. And would the customer contact you or the salesperson? I mean, how did that --

Q. Who would provide you with the actual pricing? Is that something that would obtain? Or how would you obtain it?

Q. And how would that be delivered to you? Was that by e-mail, or --

Q. And again, as it relates to compensation, was there a bonus structure that was related to your productivity or -- if you recall?

Q. And then did there come an opportunity for you to get another promotion while at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And from November of 2007 to January of 2010 you were a sales and marketing analyst?

Q. And who was your direct report?

Q. And do you know what Ginger's title was?

Q. When you became a sales and marketing analyst, now did you become part of a different division, from shared services to something else?

Q. Did you remain part of the marketing group for the rest of your tenure at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So were the -- at least back at this time when you were in marketing, was there a separate group for sales and a separate group for marketing, or was it sales and marketing?

Q. And was Ginger responsible for marketing and sales, or just marketing?

Q. Do you know her who counterpart at that time was in sales?

Q. Fair enough. In the sales and marketing analyst position, which that was a promotion; correct?

Q. Yeah. What were your duties and responsibilities in sales and marketing?

Q. And when you say reports, what kind of reports were you responsible to work on?

Q. So let's dig into that a little bit. What type of data were you accessing back at that time?

Q. Was this all Mallinckrodt internal data, or was there any external data from other entities in this system?

Q. And when you say direct sales and indirect sales, can you explain what you mean by that?

Q. In November of 2007, was that your first experience with chargebacks?

Q. Now, what was the purpose that -- in your position -- in your marketing position, what was the reason that you were creating these reports? So why were you looking at this pricing as it related to what your job was?

Q. Yeah. You indicated that Cognos contained

Q. While you were doing this job --

Q. -- ostensibly there was somebody else that was doing what you were doing with 222s and POs; is that correct?

Q. How does that get to then -- I mean, where are you in that process?

Q. So is it fair to say then that the sales department would be the folks that were contacting you and saying I need this information?

Q. Did you have access to any external data? So a minute ago we talked about internal data. Did you have access at this point in this job to external data?

Q. So the -- can I refer to them as Cognos reports, or that's not accurate because it's just data that was contained in Cognos and the report would be whatever report you were running?

Q. And let's -- for example, did you have specific customers at this point, or were you doing this across all customers?

Q. Do you know what the sales force were using any of those reports for?

Q. Did you know why Mallinckrodt was keeping information or data on quantities and drugs that were sold to any of its customers?

Q. So in addition to the price --

Q. -- of an NDC, or of a drug, and in addition to the quantity, could you also obtain information on frequency of order?

Q. And what were the analytics? What were the -- what was it tracking? It was tracking price?

Q. And frequency? I mean, order history included frequency?

Q. Yeah. Yeah.

Q. And the -- we had talked earlier about contracts and pricing within contracts; correct?

Q. Was there -- how did chargebacks relate to the contract price?

Q. Does the chargeback reflect what Mallinckrodt's customer actually sold the product for?

Q. So there's a -- I get that there's a contracted price with Mallinckrodt's customer. What I'm trying to figure out is what does this chargeback reflect? When you say the word true up, to me it indicates that there's a difference in the contract price and what the actual medication was sold for.

Q. That's not a contracted price?

Q. Was there ever a time where the chargeback would reflect a number that was less than the $8 price?

Q. Do you know why there was a difference in the WAC price and the contract price?

Q. Do you know how long the contracts were for? So if it was an $8 contract price, do you know for what period of time that price was extended to the customer?

Q. Do you know how the WAC price was determined?

Q. You mentioned IMS. What was IMS or what is IMS?

Q. Market share between Mallinckrodt and its competitors?

Q. And do you know what type of detail was provided with regards to IMS? Was it prescriber information? How detailed was it?

Q. And your customers were also buying product from your competitors?

Q. And do you know why any of the folks at Mallinckrodt were interested in looking at the IMS data, at least at that time?

Q. Did that change later on?

Q. Did there come a time where you got a promotion from sales and marketing analyst?

Q. And was that to become an associate product manager?

Q. And who was your direct report?

Q. And you did that from January of 2010 to August of 2011?

Q. And what were your duties and responsibilities?

Q. Was this outside of the marketing group?

Q. And do you recall what products you were responsible for?

Q. Do you know if any of them were scheduled products?

Q. And did you have responsibilities to be in contact with Mallinckrodt customers in this position?

Q. And one of the -- the second bullet under that --

Q. -- at the end of it, it says -- it uses the words demand management?

Q. What is that?

Q. If quotas were something you were dealing with at that point in time, would that necessarily implicate scheduled medications?

Q. And as far as demand management, how would you know -- if there were other companies that were also providing medication into the quota, how would you know whether or not you were exceeding the quota based on what other manufacturers were doing?

Q. Okay. One of the things you said you were involved with was demand management and it was understanding what the quota was for a specific medication; correct?

Q. Did you know what the quota was for any particular medication?

Q. So what specifically then would you do with regard to demand management?

Q. This is bulk and dosage, or --

Q. Okay. Sorry.

Q. So you would provide that forecast to the compliance group who would then make a determination whether there was a quota issue?

Q. And then you became a product manager in August of 2011; correct?

Q. And that was another promotion?

Q. Still in the marketing department?

Q. Direct report is?

Q. Duties and responsibilities in product manager?

Q. And when you talk again about hitting forecasts, does that mean -- does that relate to production?

Q. Any customer contact as a product manager?

Q. Any customer contact?

Q. One of the things that it says you did under product manager was create a customer analytical model detailing financial productions to aid sales in customer negotiations.

Q. What does that mean?

Q. And consistently achieve forecast targets of six percent demand variance and five percent financial variance -- what does that mean?

Q. And would the IMS data provide you price data as it related to competitors?

Q. What about the chargeback data? Were you still utilizing that data?

Q. Did the chargeback data indicate competitor pricing?

Q. Based on WAC and contract price?

Q. You indicate here two successful new product launches. Do you know what product launches those were?

Q. And would you agree that the way to increase that market share was pricing?

Q. And were you responsible at all for -- and maybe this overlaps with some of the things we've already talked about in your prior positions, but responsible for communicating to customers pricing or pricing changes?

Q. And so sales would be responsible for providing information regarding pricing or changes in pricing?

Q. October 2012 to July 2013, another promotion to regional account manager?

Q. And who was your direct report?

Q. Are you familiar with the term annual incentive plan or terms?

Q. As it relates to Mallinckrodt's bonus structure?

Q. Do you know whether or not your change in position from product manager to regional account manager impacted your bonus structure or how bonuses were paid?

Q. The next exhibit I'm going to shcw you is Plaintiff's Exhibit Number 3. This is Bates range MNK-Tl 0007219775. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Cardetti-003 marked for identification.]

Q. This is a document dated August 9, 2012. Could you take a look at it? And this is why I was asking you about the annual incentive plan. I hadn't mentioned yet the sales incentive comp plan, but this is sort of what I'm asking about now -- what the difference is between those, since it seems tc be that you're now in a position where you're moving from annual incentive plan to the SICP.

Q. Do you recall what the annual incentive plan was?

Q. So -- and I appreciate the fact that you don't recall the details. It was obviously a long time ago.

Q. The annual incentive plan -- was that a bonus plan?

Q. How about the sales incentive comp plan, the SICP, which I presume was something that you were involved in until you left Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you know if the bonus was tied to volume of sales?

Q. But one of those factors was volume of sales?

Q. And I may have asked you. Your direct contact was Jane Williams, which is also reflected in Exhibit 3; correct?

Q. At this point in time you received a company vehicle; correct?

Q. It said --

Q. And what were your duties?

Q. I'm sorry. I should have pointed it out. What were your duties and responsibilities as a regional account manager?

Q. So now you went from marketing tc sales?

Q. And did you receive any formal training from Mallinckrodt when you started in the sales position?

Q. • Besides mentors, what I'm referring to -- was there any formal classroom-type training that you received?

Q. Didn't have to be a class, but --

Q. And what types of training from marketing to sales did you receive?

Q. Do you recall how much training you received?

Q. Would you have contact with customers at this point?

Q. And do you recall which customers you had contact with?

Q. And what was the point of having customer contact? I mean, what were you doing?

Q. And when you used the term opportunities, what do you mean?

Q. And when you say continue to work with the customer, you mean continue to grow or increase volume?

Q. Were you responsible for negotiating price -- pricing with customers in this role?

Q. In this role were you the individual who would be requesting from marketing those types of reports that you would had been generating earlier when you were in those roles?

Q. And then in July of 2013 you became the director of national accounts; is that correct?

Q. That was also a promotion?

Q. Do you know whether you were still part of the SICP program, the sales incentive compensation plan?

Q. And so one of the factors that would go into your bonus was volume of sales?

Q. One of the factors that you -- was used as a director of national accounts to determine your bonus was volume of sales; correct?

Q. And who was your direct report as director of national accounts?

Q. At this point did you have anyone reporting to you?

Q. So what was the difference between regional account manager then and direct national accounts as it related to duties and responsibilities, if any?

Q. Do you recall which accounts you started working with as the director of national accounts?

Q. It says 16 relationships, but --

Q. What is WBAD?

Q. Do you know if that was the same thing as Walgreens Boots Alliance?

Q. And as director of national accounts, was one of the things you were responsible for with these relationships was to increase volume of sales?

Q. Was it your understanding that the quota that you're referring to was directly related to Mallinckrodt versus the entire market?

Q. And in order to work on the opportunities, as you had indicated within the quota, would you work with marketing on those opportunities?

Q. Did you ever send out e-mails to any of your accounts regarding opportunities?

Q. So if you lost business with one customer, that would leave room in the quota to go to another quota? Is that what you mean?

Q. And how would you become aware, as the regional -- as the -- sorry -- as the director of national accounts, how would you become aware of room in the quota?

Q. What's the distinction between -- what's the distinction, if any, between lost business and room in the quota?

Q. But one of your duties and responsibilities was to replace business if possible with your accounts?

Q. And the constraints again are the quotas?

Q. Are you aware of situations where you -- where Mallinckrodt wasn't able to meet whatever the quota level was due to manufacturing constraints?

Q. So let's assume for a minute you lost business of -- we'll just say hypothetically 100 units of whatever the molecule was.

Q. There were other account representatives, right, in your group that had other customers?

Q. So what was the mechanism that was used such that you both wouldn't offer the same opportunity to a customer?

Q. Because the product manager was responsible for a specific SKU or a specific molecule?

Q. And was the goal to reach the ceiling of the quota?

Q. Fair enough.

Q. Are you referring now to changes in the quota? Is that what you're referring to?

Q. Understood.

Q. But you were involved in sales; correct?

Q. And you were involved in offering opportunities to accounts -- right -- customers?

Q. And you were retained by the quota; correct?

Q. And it was an effort in weekly meetings and other meetings and collaboration to make certain that if there was some lost business and the quota wasn't being met, to figure out what opportunities you could offer to other customers so that you could reach the quota; correct?

Q. Go ahead.

Q. Absolutely. I'll ask it to you this way. What was the purpose of your understanding, in your role and responsibility, that there was a quota? Why did you know that? You were a salesperson who was -- had specific accounts you were dealing with.

Q. Why did you have to know what the quota was?

Q. So then how is it that you determined that there was an opportunity? And when I'm using the term opportunity -- you can tell me if this is your understanding as well -- an opportunity is an opportunity for a Mallinckrodt customer to purchase more of a molecule. Is that your understanding of an opportunity?

Q. And I'm trying to -- and maybe we're saying the same thing, but when we're using the opportunity, what you mean is an opportunity for a Mallinckrodt customer to purchase more of or to start purchasing a molecule from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Was there any opportunities to increase what they were purchasing, as opposed to they weren't purchasing it?

Q. And I'm going to get to that in a second.

Q. But back to what we were talking about, which is -- and let's just use your example, which is going to an account who wasn't purchasing that molecule and offering them that opportunity; correct?

Q. Correct.

Q. And when you were told that you could reach out to one of your accounts to offer them an opportunity -- right?

Q. The opportunity was defined in quantity; correct?

Q. And the -- what was your understanding of how that quantity was set, if you had an understanding?

Q. And why is it that you wanted to replace -- why did you want to replace the business? Let's use the 100 units to one customer. You lose that business to a competitor. What's the purpose of -- why would you want to sell the 100 units to another customer?

Q. And so besides quota, can you list other constraints?

Q. So besides quota and besides manufacturing capabilities, what else went into the restraints?

Q. So let's assume for a second for purpose of my question --

Q. -- that you don't have any manufacturing constraint, that you can manufacture it. That's not a problem. That would lead then to the only restraint or constraint being the quota; correct?

Q. You can answer the question.

Q. I appreciate that answer, and I'm asking for you a yes or no, and you can explain it any way you'd like, but I'm looking for a yes or no. If we take out a constraint of manufacturing capability, then the only other constraint is quota; correct?

Q. It's a yes or a no.

Q. You were a director of national accounts from July of 2013 through October of 2017; correct?

Q. Created monthly compliance reporting for forecast accuracy, which was incorporated by the entire sales team. Am I reading the right thing?

Q. I'm sorry. I'm -- that's fair. I'm at your last -- the bottom bullet, under director of national accounts. Can you please tell me what compliance reporting is?

Q. Going back to your example where you said that they could be buying 50/50 -- they could be buying from Mallinckrodt and buying from a competitor -- how would you know whether or not they were buying from a competitor?

Q. How do you confirm the accuracy cf what their full demand is? Did you?

Q. We talked about IMS data before. Would IMS data give you a glimpse into what that customer did the month before?

Q. Are you aware of whether there was any data that Mallinckrodt had access to which would allow to you look and see what other competitors were selling to your customers or what other -- what other competitors were selling to your customers?

Q. I might have asked you this, but with regards to your position as a director of national accounts, would you also be participating in the SICP bonus program?

Q. And one of the factors to determine what your bonus would be is volume of sales; correct?

Q. Again, one of the factors would be the volume of sales?

Q. We can -- I can ask this question 500 times if you'd like, and I appreciate you providing additional information, but my question was is it correct that one of the factors in determining your bonus as a director of national accounts is volume of sales? And I'm asking you for a yes or no, and then you can explain it any way you want.

Q. It says you were nominated by management to participate in product pipeline team?

Q. What is the product pipeline team?

Q. And when you say items, what is it that you mean when you refer to the term items as it related to your duties and responsibilities?

Q. Is that what you were referring to?

Q. And would you be referring to -- then to generic medications that were not already in your pipeline?

Q. It indicates that you won the 2016 manufacturer of the year award from PBA. Do you see that?

Q. What is the 2016 manufacturer of the year, and who is PBA?

Q. Did you get a plaque?

Q. I'm marking as Exhibit Number 4 a document that is Bate-ranged 0117 -- I'm sorry -- MNK-T1 002330117. Are you familiar, if you turn to the page before it, where it says Covidien Pharmaceuticals specialty generics, strategic plan? Are you familiar with these type plans? These something you've seen before?

Q. And it says Covidien Pharmaceuticals. What's that?

Q. Was Covidien Pharmaceuticals the parent of Mallinckrodt the entire time you were with Mallinckrodt?

Q. When did that change?

Q. If you turn to the second page, there's an organizational chart. Are you familiar with that term?

Q. And it says specialty generics, FY, full year 2013. I assume that's what that means?

Q. Fiscal year 2013? Okay. Specialty generics. What does that refer to at Mallinckrodt, if you know?

Q. Was there also a group for branded drugs?

Q. And do you know whether or not branded drugs that were sold by Mallinckrodt included scheduled drugs?

Q. Would that have been important fcr you to know as a salesperson at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So looking at this organizational chart and -- do you see where you're located on this chart?

Q. I'm glad you do. Where are you?

Q. And so we talked about your position while you were working for Jane Williams; correct?

Q. Is that the position you would have been in until the time that you departed from Mallinckrodt?

Q. And then when you moved to director of national accounts, is that -- would that be on this org chart?

Q. But you wouldn't have been a RAM? You would have been --

Q. I see it. Where Steve Becker is?

Q. And again, in your role as a director of national accounts, did anyone directly report to you?

Q. And if you turn the page to the third page of the document, it lists folks' names at the top, Pete Romer, Bonnie New, open territory -- I assume that's not a name of somebody -- Steve Becker and Lisa Cardetti?

Q. And if you look at the names underneath on the list underneath your name, Bartell Drugs, Bashas, Bi-Mart. Do you see that?

Q. What is that referring to, if you know?

Q. And does this refresh your recollection as to when you were in the regional manager spot that these would have been your accounts?

Q. Are you familiar with the term diversion?

Q. And what is your understanding of that term?

Q. Any others that you can think of?

Q. Do you believe that diversion can result in abuse -- abuse of opioids?

Q. Are you familiar with the term suspicious order?

Q. And what is your understanding of a suspicious order?

Q. You say that there was a very robust program where they looked at detailed information just specific to chargeback data. What were they looking specifically at chargeback data for, if anything?

Q. Utilized that data to do what?

Q. And so you can't tell me specifically. Can you tell me generally?

Q. While at Mallinckrodt, did you have any responsibility to approve a shipment to a customer?

Q. And you did not; correct?

Q. From the time that you started in January of 2006 to the time that you departed in October of 2017, are you aware of a single order that was determined to be suspicious at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you know, from the time that you started at Mallinckrodt until the time that ycu left Mallinckrodt, whether or not there was a single order that was determined to be suspicious?

Q. So you were not aware -- you are not aware of a single order that was determined to be suspicious while you were at Mallinckrodt; correct?

Q. Was there more than -- were there less than 10?

Q. Was there more than 10?

Q. And I appreciate your recommendation, and I'm not asking you how many weren't suspicious. I'm asking you if you know how many were suspicious. Actually, my question is do you know whether any were deemed suspicious? Yes or no?

Q. Do you know how many?

Q. Do you know who Mr. Rausch is?

Q. Did either of them work in the SOM program?

Q. In your roles at Mallinckrodt that we had previously discussed, did you understand that Mallinckrodt was legally required to provide effective controls and procedures to guard against theft and diversion of controlled substances?

Q. So did you have an understanding that Mallinckrodt was legally required to provide effective controls and procedures to guard against theft and diversion of controlled substances?

Q. What were your -- what was the scurce of that understanding?

Q. Can you tell me about any training that you received as it relates to diversion or anti-diversion?

Q. And did the training include anti-diversion training?

Q. When did you leave Mallinckrodt?

Q. In October 2017, did you receive any training regarding anti-diversion efforts?

Q. Yeah.

Q. How about the year 2017?

Q. So can you tell me in 2017 whether or not you received any such training?

Q. The training -- did it require some sort of a either webinar or some other materials that would be utilized for purposes of training?

Q. Where you would log in and you would spend your time to receive whatever training you were required to receive?

Q. Were there policies and procedures that you were provided to -- that you were provided with that explained to you how often you had to train or when you had to train?

Q. Who would provide -- was that by e-mail?

Q. And who would provide those notifications to you? Was there a training group or somebody else?

Q. But you would log in and you would receive whatever the training was?

Q. And you believe that some of that training included discussion about diversion or anti-diversion?

Q. Did you have an understanding that Mallinckrodt had a duty to report suspicious orders?

Q. Did you ever report any suspicious orders?

Q. Anybody?

Q. I'm referring to anytime you were with Mallinckrodt.

Q. Were you aware whether or not Mallinckrodt had a responsibility to avoid filling suspicious orders?

Q. When you use the term diligence that you just used --

Q. -- or due diligence, what is it you mean by that?

Q. And when you say that team, can you --

Q. And do you know who was part of that team? Can you name anyone?

Q. And I understand that was the responsibility of that team, and what I'm asking you now is as a director of national accounts, what was your responsibility as it related to the suspicious order monitoring, if any?

Q. And that would be true of your entire time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So I want to make sure we're not splitting hairs here.

Q. When you say they were responsible, I'm wondering what your role, if any, in the department that you were in -- did that intersect with the SOM program or the SOM team?

Q. Let me see if I can make it a little bit easier for you. From the time that you were a product manager in 2011 and forward till the time that you left -- when was the first time that you got into the sales department? Let's start -- let me ask you that question.

Q. So let's talk about that.

Q. So in your tenure in the sales department at Mallinckrodt, can you tell me what role, if any, you had in regards to the suspicious order monitoring process at Mallinckrodt?

Q. You're welcome.

Q. And what training did you receive for that role or that responsibility?

Q. Anything else?

Q. That is correct.

Q. Anything else with regard to generalities?

Q. Did your -- in sales, did your intended -- who was your intended customer while you were in sales, and did that change while you were in sales?

Q. What was your understanding, if any, as to whether or not -- once the product was received by whoever the intended customer was, whether or not Mallinckrodt had a further responsibility as it related to anti-diversion?

Q. So you would agree that Mallinckrodt had some further responsibility once it delivered the product to its intended customer, and that was the SOM -- the suspicious order monitoring team's responsibility?

Q. Yeah. Once a product was received by whoever the intended customer was, whether it was a retail chain or it was a distributor, do you know or do you believe that Mallinckrodt had any further responsibility as it related to making sure that diversion did not occur?

Q. And I'm referring to all of the forms.

Q. Are you familiar with the saying know your customer's customer?

Q. And what does that mean?

Q. Do you also believe that it included looking at IMS data?

Q. Are you familiar with the term peculiar order?

Q. What is a peculiar order?

Q. Is there any difference to you then between a peculiar order and a suspicious order?

Q. So you don't know whether there's a difference or what the differences are between the peculiar order and a suspicious order?

Q. Do you know whether or not -- while you were at Mallinckrodt, whether or not any peculiar orders were ever shipped to a customer?

Q. Are you aware of whether any peculiar orders were flagged to your attention and were subsequently shipped?

Q. Are you aware of any peculiar orders that were flagged to you that were not shipped?

Q. Do you recall any of those orders?

Q. So there are a lot of things that could happen, and so I'm asking you what your knowledge is as to whether they wanted. So I'm going to ask you again --

Q. -- with regard to a peculiar order, are you aware of a peculiar order that was brought to your attention, you did whatever diligence you were supposed to do in the sales group, and the order was not shipped?

Q. Do you know how many?

Q. Is the same true for suspicious orders?

Q. Do you agree with the following statement? During your tenure at Mallinckrodt, there was not a single order that was deemed peculiar that was not eventually shipped?

Q. Sure. Do you agree with the following statement? During your tenure at Mallinckrodt, there was not a single order that was deemed peculiar that was not eventually shipped?

Q. There is. That's correct. All right. Are you aware of any orders that were deemed peculiar; okay?

Q. Which were not subsequently shipped to a customer?

Q. Deemed peculiar?

Q. But not -- that were not shipped?

Q. Maybe I'll ask it to you this way as a true-or-false question. True or false? Every order that the SOM group deemed peculiar was eventually shipped?

Q. Is that false or is that true?

Q. Sure. True or false? Every order that the SOM group deemed peculiar was eventually shipped to the customer?

Q. It's true or false. Do you think it's true or do you think it's false?

Q. And would that be true also if I used suspicious orders instead of peculiar orders in the same --

Q. All right. Unfortunately I have to ask the question again now.

Q. And I'm going to ask it to you -- instead of as it relates to a peculiar order, I'm going to ask it to you as it relates to a suspicious order. It's a true-or-false question. Every order that the SOM group deemed suspicious was eventually shipped to the customer? True or false?

Q. So you believe my statement was false?

Q. I can. We can do this as many times as you'd like. I'm going to ask now again about the suspicious order, and I'm going to ask you whether or not you agree that this is a true statement or a false statement.

Q. Any order that the SOM group determined was suspicious, they deemed it to be suspicious, was eventually cleared to be sent or shipped to a customer?

Q. Is that -- so you think it's false?

Q. You think it's false? You told me the reason why. I'm just asking you. You think it's false?

Q. Do you think it's false? Do you personally think it's false?

Q. I'm going to show you what is marked as Exhibit 5.

Q. This is Bates range 5043 through -- it's native, so that's the only Bate range, but it's a one -- it's a two-page document attached to the native format slip sheet. Have you had a chance to look at these two pages?

Q. Sorry.

Q. Are you familiar with these type of documents?

Q. Have you ever created a document for sales and rebates for any of your accounts?

Q. If you turn to the next page --

Q. -- in that chart -- just at the top; I'm not asking you about the other ones. MI contract title -- do you know what that is?

Q. Do you know what rebate fee frequency -- and again, I'm just in the top of that chart.

Q. Do you know what that refers to?

Q. And I don't think we've talked about rebates yet, so what is a rebate?

Q. Were you ever involved while at Mallinckrodt in negotiating rebates with customers?

Q. And would rebates be part of the written contract with the customer?

Q. What is the purpose of a rebate? Does that benefit the customer? Does that benefit Mallinckrodt? Does it benefit both of you?

Q. What's the difference between a rebate and

Q. So before we used a WAC price of 10, I think, dollars, we used a contract price of $8?

Q. What is the net price? What does that mean?

Q. What was the purpose of the rebate?

Q. Would the chargeback information be used to determine what the rebate was?

Q. Did the rebate -- was there actually a payment made to the customer for the rebate, cr was it

Q. I'm going to show you a document which is marked Exhibit Number 6. It is Bate ranged 4382 through 4404.

Q. You see the first page there is an e-mail? Who is Lisai*Redadvd-PH I

Q. And was that your maiden name?

Q. Do you see that there's an e-mail down at the bottom from Cindy Cerneka, who I think was one of your supervisors that we talked about, to you --

Q. -- on June 9, 2018?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that you did not receive this e-mail in the ordinary course of your business at Mallinckrodt?

Q. That you did not receive it?

Q. Please let me know when this has been updated. You -- that was from you to Cindy.

Q. What was it that you were trying to figure out what was updated?

Q. What are you referring to when you say rebate metrics?

Q. That's okay.

Q. Is there a -- can you just refer to the number down at the bottom just so --

Q. That's okay. Just --

Q. And if you just -- in the future, if you'd just refer to the last four we'll find it.

Q. So 4399?

Q. Right. And why would you have been doing that? What were you going to use this matrix for, if you know?

Q. So the first one -- on that rebate matrix -- ABC ProGenerics Primary, and it says that they're an indirect customer, and it says the rebate is 13 percent. 13 percent of what?

Q. It says -- it uses the term -- it uses the number 13 percent. I'm not asking you what the contract says. I'm asking you what that 13 percent is supposed to represent.

Q. And what were the options as to how that 13 percent could be paid?

Q. And the purpose of looking at this to know that ABC ProGenerics Primary had a rebate of 13 percent -- how did that inform you as to what you did in sales at Mallinckrodt?

Q. If you go back to the beginning of the e-mail -- back to the beginning of the document --

Q. -- you have the e-mail page, and then the next document is 4384. Do you see that?

Q. And we can start with any of these. It doesn't matter. Cardinal, access, acute. Do you see that?

Q. And it says morphine sulfate ER 15 milligrams tab, bottle of 100. What is that referring to?

Q. So the 18.5 percent rebate was in reference to that specific item?

Q. Understood.

Q. I'm going to show you Exhibit 7 which is Bate ranged 34 -- I'm sorry -- 4566 through 4567, and then there's a spreadsheet -- a native spreadsheet attached. Thank you. That e-mail is a one-page document, 4566. This was back in 2008, so you were in the marketing department at that point; is that correct?

Q. Right.

Q. You can see on the bottom of the e-mail it's an e-mail from you to Bonnie New?

Q. Who's Bonnie New?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that you didn't send this e-mail in the ordinary course of your business at Mallinckrodt?

Q. If you read the e-mail to Bonnie -- read it to yourself. You say that you don't have projected usages for all of the products awarded to Costco. Do you see that?

Q. And in order to make this report useful in tracking their compliance, could you provide the projected usages for the items that were awarded on the attached spreadsheet? When you say to make this report useful, what did you mean?

Q. And if you take a look at the spreadsheet itself, is there -- you have the -- I don't know what 035701 is at the top. Is that a SKU or an item number?

Q. You have an item description, you have an indirect price and a direct price. What's the distinction between those prices, if you know?

Q. So back to the e-mail. In order to make this report useful in tracking their compliance -- tracking their compliance with what, or for what?

Q. That compliance had nothing to do with the S0M program, or did it?

Q. And if you go back to the chart again where we were talking about the item 035701, and we looked at the price of 343, the direct price cf 343, what's the effective date and the expiration date?

Q. Is that what you were referring to when you said compliance?

Q. If we go to usage, because you indicated that you needed projected usages; correct?

Q. So if we go back to that spreadsheet again and look at the first item.

Q. Under usage, there's nothing there. Is that the number -- is that some number or percentage that you were looking for?

Q. Well, I'm just trying to figure cut -- where would the projected usage show up on this document, if it would?

Q. If we turn back to the report again --

Q. -- it says usage. Do you see that at the top?

Q. Do you see there's nothing underneath usage? Or is there and I'm missing it?

Q. Oh, okay. So I see. So it's to the side, under the zeros, there's 3,000 down there and 12,000?

Q. Okay. All right.

Q. Okay. That's fair. But if you drop down to that line under usage where there's a number 30,000?

Q. What is that referring to?

Q. Does that mean 30,000 of those specific tablets or pills?

Q. Or is it by pill or by bottle or what is it?

Q. That's fine. I'm just trying to figure out what it is.

Q. I'm going to show you Exhibit 8, which is 86664 . It's an e-mail, and then attached to it is a spreadsheet that is produced in native format as well. You see this e-mail to you on August 6th, 2009, from Kate Muhlenkamp?

Q. 2009, you were in the sales -- you were still an analyst; correct?

Q. Who is Kate?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that you didn't receive this e-mail in your ordinary course of business at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Who is Victor Borelli?

Q. Did you know who Victor Borelli was?

Q. Did you know him?

Q. And when you got into sales was he still in sales, if you know?

Q. On the -- so then if you go up tc the top, it's from you to -- back to Kate, and you CCed Victor, do you see that? And it says subject, Sunrise reports.

Q. And then under the attachments, it says some numbers -- CY-08, CY-09, Q12-2. Do you know what any of those numbers refer to?

Q. Okay. Yeah.

Q. Do you know why Victor was asking for this information?

Q. Were you familiar with who Sunrise Wholesalers were before receiving this e-mail?

Q. There anything else you know about Sunrise Wholesalers as you sit here today?

Q. Was Sunrise ever your customer?

Q. If we turn the page back to the actual chargeback spreadsheet, I guess, I'll refer tc this.

Q. Are you familiar with this type of a report?

Q. The first thing is DEA number, and what does that refer to, if you know?

Q. It says ship to customer name, Enrique Gonzalez-Pujol, M.D., under ship to customer name. Under pricing contract, it says Sunrise Wholesalers and it gives their ID number; correct?

Q. It gives a SKU of 853001. It gives a product description of oxycodone with some of the other dosing information; correct?

Q. The milligrams?

Q. The pricing quality -- quantity?

Q. And the net sales? All right.

Q. So the DEA number is the number of -- whose number -- whose DEA number is that, if you know?

Q. Who is Enrique Gonzalez-Pujol, M.D., as the customer?

Q. The SKU would be the same SKU, would be Mallinckrodt SKU?

Q. And pricing quantity and net sales -- what's the significance of that to Mallinckrodt as it relates to the chargeback?

Q. When you say how much -- if we look at that first DEA number and the Enrique Gonzalez, it says quantity 2,400. Does that mean 2,400 pills or bottles?

Q. And how many are in a bottle -- how many pills?

Q. So that was 2,400 bottles of 100 pills in each bottle?

Q. And the net sale -- what is that referring to?

Q. Can you tell from this how much Sunrise charged Dr. Pujol?

Q. Would you then refer to that net sale number as a chargeback from Sunrise Wholesaler?

Q. Could you have included additional information on this report as it related to the contract price and other things? I mean, was that available to do if it was asked for?

Q. And again, using this first -- Enrique Gonzalez-Pujol and this pricing quantity of 2,400, that's 2,400 bottles of 100 pills over what period of time based on the e-mail and the -- can you tell me that?

Q. And do you know why -- is this in a specific order? Is it in order of -- in any specific order?

Q. How about pricing quantity? It looks to me like it might be in order of the most net sales to the least net sales. I could be making that up.

Q. It does or does not?

Q. Yeah, I'm not sure either. This is how it was produced to us, so I don't know.

Q. No, no. You're -- it doesn't; you're right. But it stops -- Sunrise Wholesaler stops, and then it goes to another group of people like HD Smith, et cetera.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. It's going from -- oh.

Q. And the other, which appears to be for different customers but it's the same type of a spreadsheet? It's reflecting chargeback information?

Q. I think it was just the Sunrise because that's all that was asked for, so I'm assuming that it was just the Sunrise chart.

Q. But the numbers aren't as important to me as just understanding what the --

Q. don't know how long we've been on or whether --

Q. I'm showing you a document marked Exhibit Number 9, which is Bates number 6730. This is an e-mail from Jim Rausch to you on May 5th, 2010. Do you have any reason to believe that you didn't receive this in your ordinary course of business?

Q. Do you know who Jim Rausch is?

Q. Who is he?

Q. His signature block underneath the e-mail that he sent you on May 5th indicates he's customer service manager of finished goods. Do you know what finished goods group is?

Q. So you don't know?

Q. Do you know who Excel is?

Q. Back in May of 2010 you were a associate product manager at that point? You need to refer to your résumé?

Q. I am as well.

Q. So you're still in marketing but you're in

Q. Do you know why Jim Rausch in finished goods would be asking you about an order that Excel placed?

Q. He refers to 44,208 bottles of morphine oral and it's like three times more than they've ever placed before?

Q. Do you know what the significance of three times more than they've ordered, if any?

Q. It was to you, though; right?

Q. What's the significance, if any, of three times as it relates to historical orders?

Q. And so do you have any idea, as it related to your role in receipt of this e-mail, as to what the significance of three times more than they've ever placed before is?

Q. Do you know whether there was a formula as it related to historical orders when an order would be suspicious or peculiar?

Q. Do you know whether it was three times?

Q. Do you know whether it included anything else other than historical ordering?

Q. Why would Jim be asking you this question?

Q. Do you know whether you were or you weren't?

Q. And you responded to Mr. Rausch; correct?

Q. And what did you tell him?

Q. Do you know whether the order was shipped?

Q. Are you aware of whether or not sending them the -- are you aware of whether or not the fact that you discontinued a product in your portfolio is a reason to ship a product that was indicated to be three times earlier orders?

Q. So Jim mentioned that he saw something that was peculiar or suspicious and you responded here's why they're getting that much?

Q. Understood.

Q. Is it your understanding that if there were other questions or other issues that would have stopped him, stopped Jim from allowing this to ship, that he would have asked you?

Q. So is it your understanding that this likely order was sent to this Hospice group?

Q. I don't. I don't.

Q. And I'm going to show you a document now which is Bates range 3314 through 3318, and this is Exhibit Number 10.

Q. You might want to start at the end because that's the beginning of the e-mail family.

Q. Just to start, this was from Brenda Rehkop. Do you know who Brenda was or is?

Q. Take your time.

Q. We've got all day.

Q. Take your time.

Q. You reviewed it?

Q. Okay. Brenda Rehkop -- I'm sure I'm butchering her name. Who is Brenda?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that you didn't receive this e-mail chain in the ordinary course of your business at Mallinckrodt?

Q. On June 10, 2010, again you are in the product manager group, you received this e-mail from Brenda, and what is the subject of the e-mail?

Q. And what is your understanding of what Brenda is telling you, if anything?

Q. And then the e-mail which you've read goes through conversations between some of these folks about the specific order?

Q. Correct?

Q. And what was the net result? Was the peculiar order shipped, or was it not shipped? I can direct you to 3315, which is the second page. And it's from Brenda to Jim. Brenda, go ahead and release the order. After talking to Tim, we don't see any issue sending this product. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know who Marc is?

Q. Who is he?

Q. So he was a product manager like you were?

Q. So you see where Marc tells Brenda to go ahead and release the order?

Q. Then if you turn the page to the first page of the e-mail chain. There are some additional e-mails about the order, but the result was that it was shipped to the customer; correct?

Q. Let's go to 5238, please. One of the this -- when we had talked about your bonus, one of the factors in -- one of the factors that went into bonus was volume of sales; correct?

Q. Was there a factor that went into your bonus -- the number of peculiar or suspicious orders that you caught?

Q. Exhibit Number 11, which is a e-mail chain Bate range 6449 through 6550. Two pages. Can you tell me when you're ready to talk about the e-mail, ma'am?

Q. This e-mail came from Brenda again to you and Marc, correct, CCed to Jim Rausch?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that you didn't receive this in the ordinary course of business at Mallinckrodt?

Q. It's asking you to please confirm that these HD Smith orders are within normal limits; correct?

Q. Are these numbers order numbers, or are they amounts, or do you know?

Q. Both are printed on a peculiar order report, and I just need to follow up. What is a peculiar order report?

Q. Are you familiar with the report?

Q. And if we go back to -- if we go to the first page of that, you're indicating that you're not familiar because of why?

Q. Well, you respond to Brenda and say all of these orders are fine. What is the criteria for orders hitting this report?

Q. These quantities are much lower than their normal demand, so just curious; correct?

Q. And Brenda responds to you; correct?

Q. And in her response, she tells you what the report is looking at; correct?

Q. So when you received this e-mail and you asked Brenda what generated the report, she provided you with the information that's at the top of this e-mail dated 7-28-2010; right?

Q. Did you know this information prior to 7-28-2010? And this information I'm referring to is what Brenda told you with regard to the report looking at the previous 18 months order multiplied by three, the target average quantity. Did you know that before that?

Q. But then you were provided it; correct?

Q. Is it your understanding that Jim Rausch was in the suspicious order monitoring group, if you know?

Q. Other than Karen Harper, whose name you used before --

Q. -- can you tell me anybody else who was in the suspicious ordering group?

Q. Okay. Right. Anybody else?

Q. I'm going to show you now Exhibit Number 12, which is 5238 through 5240. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Cardetti-012 marked for identification.]

Q. Please let me know when you're ready to talk about the e-mail.

Q. All right. So the prior e-mail, the prior exhibit was July 28, 2010, and that's where Brenda told but the formula. Now we're looking at e-mail that is dated August 17th, 2010 --

Q. -- and it's from Jim to you; correct?

Q. Any reason to believe that you didn't receive this in your ordinary course of your business at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Jim is asking you about an unusual order quantity. Do you see that?

Q. For AmerisourceBergen; correct?

Q. So this is 2010 and you are an associate product manager still?

Q. Does that mean that Amerisource was one of your accounts?

Q. You're right. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're right.

Q. Do you know what product this is?

Q. Okay. That's all right. The fact that he's pointing out -- that Jim's pointing out to you that there's an unusual order quantity would you agree means that this is a scheduled drug?

Q. Did you --

Q. Were you an account manager for nonscheduled drugs as well?

Q. And did you receive e-mails from folks like Jim Rausch asking you about unusual orders for nonscheduled drugs?

Q. Do you see your response to Jim on August 17, 2010, where you say hi, Jim. Monthly average demand is around 1,800 bottles so it's okay tc release?

Q. So what algorithm or formula or analysis did you use to determine that because their monthly average demand is around 1,800 bottles, it was okay to release?

Q. So you don't know?

Q. And it says hi, Lisa. Is 1,800 bottles the average for the Corona, California, location. Do you see that?

Q. And do you know what the Corona, California, location is?

Q. And then you respond no, that is ABC's total demand; correct?

Q. And then Jim asks you to find out why Corona, California, is ordering such a large quantity?

Q. And on the first page of this e-mail you respond to Jim; correct?

Q. And you indicate that the location has an average of 512 bottles a month, including this order, the August demand was 840 bottles. It appears their orders are trending up because in June they ordered 720 bottles. We can continue to monitor; however, I feel comfortable releasing this order. Correct?

Q. Other than what was in -- what's in this e-mail, what gave you the comfort to release this order?

Q. This is an example of another unusual order that was brought to your attention which was shipped to a client; correct?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe it was not shipped?

Q. How about this question? This is another example of an order that was brought to your attention as being unusual which you felt comfortable releasing; correct?

Q. And based on your training and your experience and your role, you felt that you could tell Mr. Rausch that you were comfortable in releasing this order to this customer; correct?

Q. I'm not asking you whether you had the ultimate decision.

Q. That's not my question.

Q. So we'll ask the question again and we can try again.

Q. You felt comfortable, based on the experience and training that you had, to -- based on the information you had, to release this to the customer; correct?

Q. And three weeks before this is when Brenda Rehkop told you about the formula that she used for the peculiar reports; correct?

Q. And that you used as a result?

Q. But the e-mail says specifically that the location has an average of 512 bottles a month. Including this order, their August demand is 840 bottles. It appears their orders are trending up because in June they ordered 720 bottles. We can continue to monitor; however, I feel comfortable releasing this order. Please let me know if you need any further information. Right?

Q. Are you aware of him asking you for any additional information?

Q. But as of the date of this e-mail, you were comfortable releasing the order?

Q. Let me show you another document which is marked Exhibit Number 13, which is Bates range 6392 -- 6392 through 6407. Sorry. I ripped your first page off. Tell me when you're ready to discuss this e-mail chain. There may be two pages at the end of this that don't apply. I don't know. Can I see the exhibit again?

Q. Just to -- no, that's right.

Q. Sorry.

Q. If you go back and look at the prior exhibit that I showed you, under the subject, it was order 70175100. Am I right about that, under the subject line?

Q. And does that match up then with any of these orders from this e-mail?

Q. Are you -- we already talked about who Kate is; correct?

Q. And Kate -- you were sending -- I'm sorry. It looks like Brenda was sending an e-mail to you and to Kate and CCed Jim about Cardinal. Do you see that?

Q. I don't know how this got butchered, but the e-mail indicates that it's to Kate. Can you take a look at Cardinal order, and it gives an order number for multiple oxy SKUs. Please confirm, Brenda, and then hi, Lisa, Cardinal NLC, and several of the floating DCs placed -- oh, I guess it's to both of you. Okay. So first she says to Kate take a look at the Cardinal order?

Q. And then to you, Cardinal NLC and several of the floating DCs has placed orders for morphine. Here are the order numbers they kicked out of the PEC order report. Is that peculiar order report?

Q. And then you sent an e-mail to Natalie. Who's Natalie Kayich?

Q. So you were trying to get some reporting from her?

Q. And you asked for a report on Cardinal days on hand at the SKU level?

Q. What is the SKU level?

Q. And you're indicating that you wanted to see if any of the morphine SKUs that they are ordering more than normal are one of the products in which they were increasing their on-hand inventory; correct?

Q. And attached to this is a spreadsheet?

Q. Can you tell me whether or not the SKUs that they were ordering were more than the norm from looking at the spreadsheet?

Q. Correct. Right.

Q. Okay. And what is that?

Q. From Mallinckrodt?

Q. Which you would know as well from chargebacks; right?

Q. If you sell to the wholesaler and the wholesaler does not end up selling the product to a pharmacy, do you get a chargeback when it stays in their inventory?

Q. Right. So if it wasn't in a chargeback form, you would assume it was still in their inventory; correct?

Q. Do you know -- did you interpret these reports at any point; do you know?

Q. Do you know if you felt comfortable to release this order?

Q. If you look at 6394, which is the first page of the spreadsheet, and we start with Item Number 2, which is SKU 035701 -- do you see that? Hydrocodone APAP 5 500 tabs?

Q. May 31st, 2010, it says 936. What does that reflect?

Q. It's the first tab I have.

Q. Well, if you take a look at the next page, which is 6395, I think that is the -- it starts with tab -- it goes from A to N. No?

Q. Right?

Q. If you just turn one page. Just one page.

Q. So under Tab A it gives you the SKU.

Q. B it gives you the description of the item.

Q. C it tells you May 31st, 2010, it says 936. So what is 936 again?

Q. And that is Mallinckrodt product that's on hand in their inventory; right?

Q. If we go to D, which is June 7th, it shows 2,808 on hand; right?

Q. And you can go across and it continues to show the amounts?

Q. Do you know why there was an increase from May of 936 to June of 2,808?

Q. Did you manage any of the items that are on this chart?

Q. Well, morphine oral is one that you did mention; right?

Q. Is there a specific line item here that you were directed to? I mean, I see morphine starting at 73.

Q. Right, but what generated the question was multiple oxy SKUs; right? Please okay -- please confirm if this order is okay or not. Thanks, Brenda; right?

Q. Right. Cardinal NLC and several of the floating DCs have placed orders for morphine. Here are the order numbers that kicked out on the peculiar order report. So if we look at 70174595, is there a way to track that on this form or not?

Q. Please.

Q. Right. Right. But if we talk about morphine --

Q. -- they're telling you that Cardinal NLC and several of the forwarding DCs -- what's a DC?

Q. Placed orders for morphine. Here are the order numbers that kicked out on the peculiar order report. So you're being told that these orders kicked as peculiar based on one of the factors that were being used; right?

Q. So in the situation where you are sending it to someone's main center and then they're going to ship it out to their local places, do you have information on the -- on both the NLC and the DC?

Q. All right. I got it Thank you.

Q. And I'm going to show you Exhibit 14, which is one page, Bates 5508.

Q. Ready when you are.

Q. That's all right. This is dated September 21st, 2010, from Jim to you. Do you see that?

Q. And then you responded to him. Do you have any reason to believe this wasn't in the ordinary course of your business?

Q. You were now a product manager at this time? Oh, maybe not --

Q. Still an associate product manager. Okay. And Jim sent you an e-mail about Amerisource and a specific order. Do you see that?

Q. And then did you respond to it?

Q. And you indicated the increase is very small and they have ordered amounts equal to cr larger than those listed below so you're fine with releasing them; correct?

Q. So Jim pointed out to you an order which was unusual that he thought, and you responded that you were fine with releasing the order?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that the order was not released?

Q. So the answer is you don't know?

Q. I don't know is fine.

Q. Let me show you -- [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Cardetti-015 marked for identification.]

Q. Show you what's been marked as Exhibit 15. It's one page, Bates 8461. Let me know when you're ready to discuss the e-mail.

Q. This is an e-mail September 10th, 2010. You're still an associate product manager; correct?

Q. It's from Jim to you; correct?

Q. And then you responded again. Dc you have any reason to believe you didn't receive this e-mail or send this e-mail in the ordinary course of your business?

Q. It's regarding a Cardinal Health order. Do you see that?

Q. And it asks to you look at the increased order quantity for a specific code that they have placed as compared to an average order quantity. Do you see that?

Q. Did you respond?

Q. And what was your response?

Q. What is Watson's NDC change?

Q. And so you provided Jim with the reason that you believed that they were increasing the order quantity; correct? That was the point of your response; right?

Q. Right. And now you were saying why you think you were seeing the increase; correct?

Q. And do you know whether this order shipped?

Q. Let me show you -- [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Cardetti-016 marked for identification.]

Q. Exhibit 16 is two pages, 9432, 9433.

Q. This is an e-mail from Ginger Collier. In November 2010 are you still a product manager?

Q. Associate product manager. Okay. And Ginger is sending this to Natalie, to you, to Marc Montgomery, and to Kate, also to Penny Myers. Who's Penny Myers?

Q. And do you have any reason to believe that you didn't receive in this in your ordinary course of business?

Q. Ginger -- the subject is quota issues. Do you see that?

Q. And do you know what was it that Ginger was telling you?

Q. What was Ginger telling you?

Q. What is API?

Q. How is that different from SKU, or --

Q. Do you know why she was telling you about Endo having a problem getting quota on morphine and Roxanne having a problem getting quota on methadone?

Q. Okay. Do you know why you were copied on this e-mail?

Q. If you go up to Kate's e-mail in response to Ginger above --

Q. -- Kate says can we communicate below to the sales team? I think it might make them feel better to know that they're not alone. Do you know what she meant by that?

Q. So when I had -- earlier we had talked about IMS data; right?

Q. Do you know whether IMS data includes end purchaser information?

Q. Do you know whether it shows purchase data from distributor to pharmacy?

Q. I'll show you Exhibit 17, which starts at 1620 and goes to 1622 with a native spreadsheet attached.

Q. And would you let me know when you're ready to discuss it?

Q. Ready?

Q. Okay. This -- these documents are attached to an e-mail which are from you to Jeremy Starner. Do you see that?

Q. On November 19th, 2010?

Q. Still an associate product manager. Who is Jeremy Stamer?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that you didn't send this or receive this e-mail in the ordinary course of your business at Mallinckrodt?

Q. It says Jeremy, please find attached the oxycodone data by COT and distributor from Kate. Do you see that?

Q. What is COT?

Q. And what does that mean?

Q. And distributor is the actual distributor; correct?

Q. And Jeremy asks you a question on November 19th in his e-mail. See that?

Q. He asked you to rerun the data from January 2010 through September of 2010?

Q. He further says the IMS NSP data that we have only goes through November and I'd like to cut the data for an apples-to-apples comparison. What is IMS NSP?

Q. And you responded to Jeremy saying you updated the data, right, including only January through September; correct?

Q. And you say the report includes total end purchaser sale, distributor to end purchaser, and MI to end purchaser. Distributor to end purchaser -- who would that be?

Q. So that would be from the distributor to the actual pharmacy?

Q. And what is MI to end purchaser?

Q. So indirect and direct?

Q. And if we take a look at this document, the spreadsheet or the report --

Q. -- it shows you class of trade and it gives you business total, institutional total, retail total, repackagers, other total, domestic total; correct?

Q. And if you turn the page, it appears to provide the class of trade, the family, the SKU, the description; correct?

Q. And if you turn two pages from that, on the top it says doses, MGS, distributor to end purchaser, MI to end purchaser, total end purchaser. Do you see that, and doses?

Q. Do you know what all that refers to?

Q. Do you know whether this information contains information other than for Mallinckrcdt?

Q. Well, maybe this will help you. If you turn the page to 1623, which is another spreadsheet that was attached, and you see customer?

Q. Does that help or does that give you any additional information?

Q. So this -- for that period of time that you talked about in your e-mail would be how many doses -- if we look at customer, which is AmerisourceBergen Health -- doses of something for that period of time?

Q. I mean, it talks about oxy kilograms sold, so --

Q. Well, if you look at the -- go tc the attachment of the e-mail, the first page, the first -- the e-mail that you sent to Jeremy and Jeremy sent to you.

Q. Bates 1620. You see attachment, oxy kilograms sold year to date?

Q. You -- does that help you interpret what doses are or what any of this is?

Q. Do you know why you referred to -- because Jeremy sends you an e-mail to rerun data, you send him an attachment, and you call it oxy kilograms sold year to date. See that? That was your e-mail.

Q. So that's what I'm trying to figure out -- what that is.

Q. So any idea why or what the purpose of tracking the doses is or was?

Q. But you believe these to be doses that were sold from Mallinckrodt to like, for example, on the first customer, AmerisourceBergen? That's what your understanding is?

Q. Were you aware of any contracts that Mallinckrodt had with distributors where the per-unit price is reduced due to some sort of a volume discount or a volume purchase?

Q. Do you know whether any of the contracts that you were familiar with at Mallinckrodt provided for profit sharing with any of the distributors?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Were you aware of whether or not Mallinckrodt had any what was labeled preferred distributors?

Q. Other than storage of drugs and distribution, what other services did distributors provide to Mallinckrodt?

Q. In any of your roles or at your time at Mallinckrodt, were you aware of whether or not Mallinckrodt analyzed the number of opioid prescriptions filled by any individual pharmacy relative to the population of the pharmacy's community?

Q. I'm asking you whether you're aware whether or not that was analyzed?

Q. How about increase in opioid sales year over year?

Q. Whether or not you're aware that Mallinckrodt analyzed that factor for --

Q. So you believe that Mallinckrodt did analyze opioid sales from year to year?

Q. How about the number of opioid prescriptions filled relative to other drugs?

Q. Exhibit 18. You get some free highlighting. Please let me know when you're ready to discuss this.

Q. So it appears -- do you know who Steven Cochrane is?

Q. So he sends an e-mail to Victor in sales on the 3rd of February, and then Victor forwards where he asks you a question, correct, about OxySource -- sending OptiSource any oxy 30 in the past three-and-a-half months?

Q. And then you forward that on to Jane and to Ginger; correct?

Q. What was the point of forwarding it on to Jane and Ginger?

Q. And when you say situation, what -- I'm trying to understand what situation.

Q. I guess my question really is -- and I'm trying to understand -- how does the backorder process work? What creates a backorder? Why is there a back order?

Q. As a product manager, you were responsible for products, but were you responsible for any geographic areas?

Q. Yeah. I mean, just geographic areas.

Q. Did there come a time while you were at Mallinckrodt that you became responsible for specific geographic areas?

Q. Whether it be Florida or anywhere else?

Q. If you look at 3463, the first e-mail is from Karen Harper to you; correct?

Q. Karen Harper was in the suspicious order monitoring group?

Q. Okay. That's the formal name?

Q. And do you have any reason to believe that in March of 2011 you didn't receive this in the ordinary course of business?

Q. Still an associate product manager?

Q. And Karen is e-mailing you regarding reminder, marketing info request around oxycodone Florida sales?

Q. Do you know why -- she said reminder. Do you know -- had you been involved in any information regarding oxycodone sales in Florida prior to this time?

Q. And what was Karen asking you to do?

Q. What is a volume incentive?

Q. I appreciate that. And what was the specifics of the program? What --

Q. Did it provide an incentive to the customer if they sold more volume of product?

Q. Based on the volume of sales?

Q. And do you know why Karen was saying to -- why Karen was saying that if -- no volume incentives on customer contracts for oxycodone in Florida would be an action to prevent oxycodone diversion in Florida?

Q. What other information did you know about Florida at that time?

Q. Oxycodone was the product that you were responsible for?

Q. How would you have determined that you weren't providing volume incentives on customer contracts for oxycodone to Florida?

Q. Where would you have gotten that information from?

Q. Is there a database that you would go into and see whether or not there's a box checked volume incentive?

Q. If you can pull out that exhibit.

Q. And show me where there would be some reference that you would know that.

Q. It might be Exhibit 4.

Q. So let's -- what is a new VIP? What does that mean?

Q. And then if you look underneath, new VIP signed 11-16-07, it says $16 million to $19 million, $19.9 million, five percent, 20 to $29.9 million, seven percent, $30 million-plus, 10 percent; right?

Q. So does that indicate that if they sold between $16 and $19.5 million of product they got a five percent incentive, between 20 and 29.9 they got a seven percent, and if they sold over $30 million, they got a 10 percent incentive?

Q. And if you drop down to where it says Opt A, what is Opt A? Option A?

Q. And then there's an Option B?

Q. What is HBAPAP incentive?

Q. And so there was an incentive related to a specific molecule?

Q. And if you turn the page to 4400, under Cardinal preferred source A.

Q. Recurring November to October, all contract and noncontract sales. It shows you a scale for incentive payments; correct?

Q. What would be a noncontract sale?

Q. If you drop down to CVS Caremark, it says distribution service fee on that same 4,400. What is distribution service fee?

Q. Again, that was another incentive?

Q. And if you go to Health Trust on the next page, 4401, admin fee. What is that?

Q. And how would that -- who would pay who for an administrative fee?

Q. And three percent on volume, or total sales?

Q. Of the total order?

Q. If you drop down to 44 -- down tc Kerr Drug, Inc., WHL DIFF only. Do you know what that is?

Q. I am -- if you go down from admin fee that we were just talking about.

Q. And you go down about another five or six to Kerr Drug.

Q. WHL DIFF only?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. If you turn to 4404, please, and you look under Supervalu Pharmacies?

Q. Does that mean that every time they opened up a new store they got a free bottle of some sort of scheduled opioid?

Q. Thank you for that clarification.

Q. So we're going back now to Exhibit Number 19, and the e-mail from Karen to you.

Q. So now I can see where you'd figure out whether there were no volume incentives on customer contracts for oxycodone in Florida. We discontinue doing business with blank number of distributors if applicable.

Q. How would you make the determination how many distributors in the State of Florida that you discontinued doing business with?

Q. They were in Florida; right?

Q. And where would you get that information? Would you push a button and it would appear?

Q. Do you know whether or not -- or when you actually provided this information to Karen?

Q. Walked away from blank percentage of oxy 30-milligram business. Same thing. How would you come to that conclusion?

Q. If Karen asked you to do this, would you have done it in the ordinary course of your role at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And the reason I'm asking you is because I don't have an e-mail or anything indicating that you did it.

Q. So do you recall doing it?

Q. Did any distributors provide Mallinckrodt with promotional and marketing services to assist in product sales?

Q. I'll show you Exhibit Number 20, which is Bates range 0882 to 0884. Let me know when you're ready to discuss.

Q. This e-mail starts from a July 26th, 2011, e-mail from Julie DePriest to Steven Becker, Ginger Collier, and Jane Williams, and you're CCed, correct, along with some others?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe you didn't receive this in the ordinary course of business?

Q. Who is Julie DePriest?

Q. One of the things that Julie says is that they're offering a special lower price on the Fentanyl patch for new business. Was Fentanyl patch -- was that one of your products?

Q. This is July of 2011. You're still an associate product manager?

Q. If you weren't responsible for the Fentanyl patch, why would you be receiving an e-mail like this about Masters?

Q. Was there, I mean, like an org chart? Was there a list of the products that you were responsible at any specific time?

Q. In that same e-mail from Julie in the last or second paragraph, it says customer, Super Rx Pharmacy, and it gives an account number, was submitted for a contract for a transaction invoiced on June 11th, 2011, but they have not been preapproved to access this contract. Do you know what that means?

Q. If you turn the page to 0883, it's an e-mail from you to Julie in response.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. It says I agree, Julie. Per the agreement, only approved customers should be accessing this pricing. Is that referring to the special low price on the Fentanyl patch?

Q. And I get that, so now I'm asking you whether or not this e-mail refreshes your recollection. There's an e-mail from Julie DePriest to others, including you, you're copied on it, and then you respond to it and send it to Julie and copy the others and say I agree, Julie. Per the agreement, only approved customers should be accessing this price. So what are you agreeing to?

Q. What were you agreeing to here? It says I agree, Julie.

Q. I'm showing you Exhibit 21. It's a two-page e-mail, 6481, 6482, page range.

Q. On September 16th, 2011, Stephanie Pellham sent you an e-mail. Who is Stephanie?

Q. Do you know her as you sit here today?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe you didn't receive this in the ordinary course of business?

Q. Stephanie's asking you about something that popped up on a peculiar order summary report; correct?

Q. And if you turn the page, at the beginning of the e-mail you inquire as to the customer; correct?

Q. And then at the top you respond to Stephanie. You see that?

Q. And you say you spoke with Victor, and they placed an additional month's worth of orders this month. What does it mean that they placed an additional order that month?

Q. And the customer -- the information that you got from Victor was that the customer was wondering if they should be placing a one-time buy with one of our competitors to make sure they're taken care of, but Vic said not to do that and to go ahead and place the orders; correct?

Q. And that was the information that you provided?

Q. Okay. Thank you. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Cardetti-022 marked for identification.]

Q. I'll show you Exhibit 22, which goes from 0674 to 0687.

Q. Okay. I'd like to direct your attention to Page 0675, which is the first page of the -- or the second page of the e-mail from you to Lou Ann Randall on August 3rd, 2011. Do you see that?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that you didn't send this in the ordinary course of business?

Q. If you turn the page from there, there's a sheet, 0676, which says contract overview. Dc you see that?

Q. It is Sunrise Wholesale. You see that?

Q. Contract name? Payment terms -- if you go down there a little bit, two percent, 30, net 31?

Q. And then under rebates, do you see it shows a 12 percent rebate?

Q. And that's to be paid quarterly?

Q. If you turn the page to 0681, which says at the top term sheet, Mallinckrodt, Inc., dosage pharmaceuticals.

Q. Are you familiar with these term sheets?

Q. And does this appear to be one of those standard?

Q. If you go down to pricing.

Q. The last sentence of that paragraph, Mallinckrodt will credit customer the difference between the invoice price and current contract price upon receipt and verification of chargeback submissions from customer on a contract number to be established. Do you see that?

Q. And then if you turn the page to Exhibit A, which is 0683 --

Q. We see here -- well, let's look at the first one, which is NDC 0358-01. It's hydroccdone -- I'm not even going to try to say that. And it shows -- so it shows the product description, it says the size, hundreds. Does that mean a bottle of 100?

Q. Invoice price per bottle.

Q. So now we have something that in the -- this is in the actual term sheet of the contract, it lists the invoice price of $6.41; right?

Q. The contract price is $4.89 and the net price is $4.30; correct?

Q. Right? Okay. What is the -- besides the difference in the numbers, what's the difference between the invoice price per bottle and the contract price per bottle?

Q. And WAC stands for?

Q. So here it's what Sunrise as a wholesaler was acquiring it at?

Q. And then the contract price is?

Q. And then the net price per bottle -- what's the difference between the -- why is there a difference between the contract price and the net price?

Q. And that might be that 15 or 12 percent that we -- 15 -- 12 percent rebate that we saw on the contract overview?

Q. Now, can you from this -- can we have another conversation about chargebacks, and give me an idea what a customer such as Sunrise here would tell you in order to process a chargeback?

Q. What would you expect -- the term sheet requires a verification of chargeback submission?

Q. So if we go to that page that I was just talking about, on 0683 --

Q. -- and we look at those numbers, what is it you would require to be included in a proper chargeback submission?

Q. So if we look at this first line of bottles of hundreds and they sold it to a pharmacy for $4.89; okay?

Q. Okay. That's what I'm trying to figure out.

Q. I might have.

Q. And so I'm trying to figure out what's the purpose of the chargeback? Why not just sell it to them for $2 less in the first instance?

Q. I got it. Yeah.

Q. No. What's the purpose of submitting the chargeback?

Q. And that was my point. It provided you additional data?

Q. Exhibit Number 23 is an e-mail that goes from 9,400 to 9404.

Q. This is an e-mail that you sent to several people on October 10th, 2011. Do you see that?

Q. You're a product manager now?

Q. Okay. Congratulations. Do you have any reason to believe that you didn't send this in the ordinary course of your business?

Q. Do you know what letters that you're referring to here in this e-mail, when it says we are sending letters to customers?

Q. When you say supply constraint, are you talking about a quota?

Q. So it's quota?

Q. It also indicates that you submitted a request to the DEA for more quota. Is that something that you did?

Q. How did you find out that that was something that was done?

Q. Was that a usual process, for Mallinckrodt to request additional quote?

Q. You indicated that there would be an allocation -- was there an allocation report cr an allocation list? Does that ring a bell to you?

Q. Yeah, it does. I'm going to show you Exhibit Number 24, which goes from 6071 to 6072, and I'm just trying to figure out if you know what these allocation -- what the purpose of this allocation list is. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Cardetti-024 marked for identification.]

Q. And is this a report or

Q. I didn't say that it was.

Q. Okay. That's fine. So maybe use the term allocation letter. Is that something you're familiar with, when we were talking about those letters?

Q. Not really. I'm asking --

Q. -- you if you're just in general familiar with the terms allocation letter as it related to customers and Mallinckrodt?

Q. Let me show you -- [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Cardetti-025 marked for identification.]

Q. Is that your handwriting?

Q. So this was from you to Victor saying you received his voicemail, you're asking him to please send you oxy 15 and 30 usage?

Q. And he does send you that?

Q. Any reason to believe you didn't receive that in the ordinary course of business?

Q. He tells you in Florida they had the largest oxy 15 and 30 dispensers and currently use Actavis for both SKUs; correct?

Q. What data would you use to determine that Actavis is the one that is providing them with those SKUs?

Q. So you don't know how he came up with that statement?

Q. Do you know why you indicated willing to write letter to the DEA as it related to this?

Q. The next bullet there says wanting favor as to where we would price them to make sure Actavis is pricing them right. Do you know what they're asking you? Are they asking you for a quota?

Q. All right. Thank you. I'm going to show you Exhibit Number 26, which is Bates range 9509 to 9515. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Cardetti-026 marked for identification.] [Discussion off the record.]

Q. Do you know what Hazelwood operations is?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe you didn't receive this e-mail in the ordinary course?

Q. And then you forwarded something on to -- and I think it's probably the attachment -- tc Ginger and to others?

Q. Who is George Saffold?

Q. All right. No problem. Your e-mail, you indicate you've eliminated back orders on oxycodone IR but future-dating orders. What does that mean?

Q. Per the allocation letters?

Q. So if you didn't put this date in the future it would generate another allocation letter?

Q. So put --

Q. Right. I guess the allocation didn't change.

Q. But once you send the allocation letter out, do you expect the customer send you another order immediately?

Q. And how does that then tie into future-dating the order?

Q. Okay. That's what --

Q. Okay. That's what I meant. All right.

Q. I'm going to show you what is marked as Exhibit Number 27, Bates range 8931.

Q. All right, we finally have an e-mail with Jennifer Buist on it; right?

Q. She exists. So this e-mail is sent from Jennifer to you on 3-12-2012. Any reason to believe that you didn't get it?

Q. Do you know remove who Eileen Spalding is?

Q. So she is telling you about an AmerisourceBergen order. Do you see that?

Q. She also indicates that it exceeds our Tier 1 limit. Do you know what that is?

Q. So when you received this e-mail, did you ask anybody what the Tier 1 limit meant?

Q. So did you ever know what the Tier 1 limit was?

Q. Do you know how the tiers were selected?

Q. So when you receive an e-mail like this that asks you to provide insight, what is it that you would have done in your normal course of business?

Q. I'm going to show you Exhibit 28, which is 8924 and 8925.

Q. This is an e-mail that looks to be from Jennifer to you and Karen Harper as well as others; correct?

Q. This was sent on March two thousand -- March 13th, 2012?

Q. So you're still a product manager at that point in time?

Q. Any reason to believe you didn't get this in the ordinary course of business or send these e-mails?

Q. It's says Lisa, we have an order on Tier 2 hold which is exhibiting an unusual pattern. What's a Tier 2 hold?

Q. You sent this onto Jennifer Bullerdick. What was Jennifer's position?

Q. And then she forwarded it directly to Jennifer and indicated that we've been on back order so it seems like a feasible quantity?

Q. But your only experience with Tier 2 is what you just read right here?

Q. I'll show you Exhibit 29, which is 4784 to 4786. Let me know when you're ready to discuss it.

Q. So on the bottom of the first page, you're sending an e-mail to Cheryl Nelson. Do you know who Cheryl Nelson is?

Q. Do you know why Hazelwood is next to her? Or is that a separate -- no, it's the same e-mail address, it looks like.

Q. Well, I see from Cardetti, `•Redacted _PII] I *Redacted - PII.J., sent Monday, March 26th, 2012 --

Q. -- to Nelson, Cheryl, Hazelwood.

Q. Okay. Who is Rose Adams?

Q. Clay Sanders -- Saunders?

Q. And then you indicate please allocate these orders to ship. Are you referring to the orders on Page 4785?

Q. And if you move up on that Page 4784 from -- it's from Dosage Products Division Pharmaceuticals to you. Do you know who Dosage Products Division is?

Q. And it refers you to the order numbers below, and it says I am unable to allocate, and there's

Q. Do you know how the holds relate to the tiers, if they do?

Q. Do you know whether there were other holds besides a Dl or D2?

Q. So like a D3 hold?

Q. Was there a list of the holds and what the holds meant that you had access to at some point in time?

Q. If you go to the last sentence there, it says but I am unable to remove the PM hold and/or allocate. What is a PM hold?

Q. Do you have a general understanding what PM hold means?

Q. Now, when you became a regional account manager, that's when you left marketing and went to sales; correct?

Q. Do I have that right?

Q. It was sales?

Q. It was the first time you were in sales?

Q. So the answer is yes?

Q. That's all right.

Q. No, no.

Q. No, no. My question was when you started as a regional account manager, were you now in the sales department?

Q. And your compensation in the sales department was -- one of the factors was related to volume; right? Correct?

Q. Sales, which was volume of product?

Q. So price and the volume of the product?

Q. Did you set the price?

Q. What went into an offer as it related to pricing? What was the process that was utilized?

Q. The WAC price, the net price, the cost?

Q. I'm going to show you Exhibit 30, which is 7943 to 7945, and more of the compensation-type questions that I was just asking. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Cardetti-030 marked for identification.]

Q. Are you familiar with this document?

Q. What is it?

Q. What was your territory?

Q. What do you mean by that?

Q. So it wasn't geography; it was by customer?

Q. From this document can you tell who your customers were?

Q. And who were your customers?

Q. So NC Mutual, Premier Group, FW Care, Harvard Drug, Meijer, Price Chopper, Omnicare, Excel Rx, ABC, and AHP?

Q. What's AHP?

Q. If we go back to the first page cf this document, 7943, territory sales summary based on fiscal months, territory, and it lists your name, measures gross sales?

Q. And then it lists fiscal year 2012 and fiscal year 2013; correct?

Q. And what is the -- what's the VAR? What is that?

Q. And that's a negative variance?

Q. And it shows you the units, the spread between 2012 and 2013 as well; correct?

Q. Is P & L profit and loss?

Q. Including methylphenidate ER?

Q. Yeah. That's a Schedule 2, or is it not?

Q. It wasn't; right? It was?

Q. If we look at the -- excluding the ADHD drug, then we're talking about all opioids; right?

Q. That you were responsible for with your accounts?

Q. And can you tell me in 2013 what non-opioids you were responsible for selling?

Q. Could you name one?

Q. How about besides methylphenidate?

Q. And if you look at the P & L excluding the ADHD drug?

Q. Under rebates and fees, is that showing how much was paid in rebates and fees in your territory for this period of time?

Q. And that is showing that -- okay. And then if you go down to net sales for the prior rolling 12 months and then the rolling 12 months, there's a variance, and that variance is 49 percent between the last 12 months; right?

Q. So do you know how that number is up but if you go to the top box that we talked about those numbers are down?

Q. Okay. That answers the question. Thank You.

Q. And if you turn the page and you look at the top of 7944, what is hydro APAP 325 business?

Q. Do you know -- were you -- did ycu -- were you responsible for any other opioid product besides -- were you selling any other product besides the 325-milligram hydro?

Q. Why do you have a box for that specific molecule?

Q. Do you know why -- if you look under customer it says Omnicare, Omnicare, and then there's a black line that goes across. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what that black line was -- was that something you put into the document?

Q. Do you know who Thomas Brown is?

Q. Are you familiar with the red flags video?

Q. What was it?

Q. I'm going to show you Exhibit 32 , which is 7538 through 7540.

Q. Let me know when you're ready to --

Q. If you look at the initial e-mail, which is June 6th, 2014, from you to Walt Kaczmarek. Who is Walt?

Q. The president of?

Q. Jay Williams, Ginger Collier, and Jacob Longenecker, who we talked about. Do you have any reason to believe that you didn't send this in the ordinary course of business?

Q. The 5/325 items -- what are 5/325s?

Q. If you look at Page 7540, the last page.

Q. Do you see above thank you and Lisa it says Qualitest?

Q. What is that?

Q. So do you know why you had dot, dot, dot, dot, Qualitest, exclamation, exclamation, exclamation, exclamation, happy face?

Q. And Qualitest was a manufacturer of what?

Q. Who is Alvogen?

Q. So if we look at Number 1 under that first e-mail on Page 7539, the 5/325 items removed to the base VIP.

Q. What are the purpose of the tiers that you're setting forth here?

Q. So the 85,000 to 94,000 -- that's pills or bottles?

Q. I'm sorry. Dollars. Dollars. Right. And so each of those tiers -- that's the incentive price that's paid?

Q. So what's the point of showing the seven percent and then the $6 million number?

Q. If they hit that mark?

Q. And then two talks about oxy APAP, VIP, so is that a different molecule?

Q. And that is another incentive program?

Q. So it doesn't say rebate, though, but it shows a percentage under the first line, which is $20 million to twenty -- almost $25 million?

Q. Four percent, and then minimum tier compliant? What does that mean, 40 percent? Do you know?

Q. But this is on oxy, and instead of it being -- it's an annual tier program; right?

Q. And it shows you annual tiers and quarterly tiers. If you turn the page to Number 3, it says we are not decreasing price as ABC requested, but the VIP quarterly payout should help them with decreasing their sales-out price compared to the other manufacturer, Alvogen; right?

Q. If you then go to the first page of this e-mail, this is an e-mail from you to these -- to some of these people which is now referring to this pricing; correct?

Q. And it says the VIP percent is passed directly on to 40 percent of their customers, therefore those customers would see the value and we could expect to see the volume back up. So that's 40 percent of ABC's customers?

Q. Earlier you indicated we're not decreasing the price, but here in Bullet 2, it says if we do not decrease the price there is no additional benefit to ABC; only those large customers would see the benefit. What do you mean by that?

Q. And so the next one says in order to drive the volume back up for all customers, that additional 60 percent, we would need to drop the price?

Q. And down at the bottom, in that second-to-last paragraph it says -- it says a lot, but one of the things it says is since Rich would be the final decision-maker on the margin issue. Who is rich?

Q. What was Rich's last name?

Q. Thank you. Are you familiar with the term key opinion leader?

Q. What is your understanding of that terminology?

Q. Did you ever work with doctors in order to speak to any of your clients about any of your products?

Q. What was that last number?

Q. I don't know. [Discussion off the record.] [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Cardetti-032 marked for identification.]

Q. Let me show you Exhibit Number 32, which is Bate range 1216 and 1217. [Discussion off the record.]

Q. 1216 is an e-mail from you to you dated 9-30-2014. I assume you BCCed some customers with this?

Q. Do you know what the purpose of this teleconference was?

Q. As a Schedule 2; correct?

Q. And the moderator, Bob Twillman -- how did you find Mr. Twillman?

Q. Send it to your customers?

Q. Exhibit 33, 0440 through 0442.

Q. If you look at the -- so this is on October 2nd, 2014 -- it's your September monthly report to Jane Williams about territory sales summary; correct?

Q. It looks like your sales from 2013 to 2014 went up 52 percent. Do you see that?

Q. And you sold less units? Is that accurate?

Q. So how do you account for that?

Q. Were these documents used for purposes of determining your compensation; do you know?

Q. How would you receive bonuses?

Q. Yeah. Somebody give you a box of cash?

Q. And would the check indicate to you what bonus? What made up the bonus?

Q. And would it indicate based on sales? What would it tell you, if anything?

Q. And so would there be -- was there a name to that form?

Q. Was there some sort of an evaluation that was provided to you or that you --

Q. And when you say done online -- the two of you sitting in front of a computer, or --

Q. And do you remember what that portal was called?

Q. Was volume of sales one of the items that were on your goal list?

Q. And that would be set forth at the beginning so you knew what you were supposed to reach?

Q. But the targets were listed someplace for you to see?

Q. Did you ever go on any trips with any of your customers?

Q. Conferences or seminars or --

Q. Were there any trips that Mallinckrodt would sponsor where they would take ABC or some of its principals on a trip with the sales department?

Q. I'm going to hand you what's marked as Exhibit 34, which is 4121, and it's a spreadsheet. And this is how it was produced to us.

Q. Any of this familiar to you?

Q. I don't know if you did either.

Q. If you look at the first page of this, it says row labels, values.

Q. Sum of shelf stock estimate, sum of annual savings. Any idea what a shelf stock estimate is?

Q. If you turn the page to price comparison, have you seen a report like this?

Q. If you turn the page two pages tc where it says fiscal year 2011 up in the top?

Q. EDI distributor data analysis. Do you know what that is?

Q. So this is how the chargebacks would come to Mallinckrodt?

Q. From Mallinckrodt?

Q. And then the next -- if you go a few pages it says new WAC table. Any idea what that is?

Q. I mean, other than it's setting the WAC price for certain SKUs?

Q. Are you familiar with what prompt pay is?

Q. And that would be whatever the contractual terms were?

Q. We're getting close, though.

Q. I only have one more binder, and half of this one. Exhibit 35. This is 0810 to 0811, with a spreadsheet attached. The subject is Lisa's allocations. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Cardetti-035 marked for identification.]

Q. Any reason to believe that you didn't send this on September 28, 2011?

Q. Why were you sending Lisa's allocations to the folks that you sent Lisa's allocations to?

Q. So this was an instruction to somebody to ship something to somebody?

Q. And if you look at -- the third page, I think, is where it gives you order number, item number, item description, quantity ordered, backorder quantity.

Q. So the quantity ordered -- the top order, 70208636 -- it shows the quantity ordered is 120, and it shows that the whole backorder was 120?

Q. And now, were you -- so what is the next step -- marketing -- do you know what that is?

Q. Oh. Okay. And then if you go two pages past it, it talks about product manager, order date, request date. I assume this is one spreadsheet?

Q. It shows you a weekly forecast total?

Q. What is a W through M weekly usage?

Q. Was Walmart one of your accounts?

Q. Oh, okay. So it was just the product that you were talking about?

Q. I'm going to show you Exhibit 36, which is Bates 8661 through 8663. And I'm going to direct your attention to the attachment, which appears to be a PowerPoint or some sort of presentation, and ask you if you're familiar with this.

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that you didn't prepare this document in the ordinary course of your business?

Q. This says fiscal year 2014, generic business review?

Q. Do you know whether you did a fiscal year 2013 generic business review?

Q. What position would you have been in at the point in time that you did this fiscal year 2014 review?

Q. As a director of national accounts, was one of your responsibilities to prepare fiscal year generic business reviews?

Q. Take your time.

Q. As part of your compensation, did you receive any stock in Mallinckrodt?

Q. That wasn't my question, but that answers it.

Q. That's okay. Do you have any Mallinckrodt stock as we sit here today?

Q. Why did you leave Mallinckrodt?

Q. So -- I'm sorry. So did you quit?

Q. If you look at the first page of this presentation, it says to the multi-source team. Who is the multi-source team?

Q. And if you turn to Page 5 of the document, it says -- it might it say on another pages, but this is Cognos, the C-0-G-N-0-S thing that we had talked about earlier?

Q. So you still had access to Cognos all the way through?

Q. And if we look at Page 5, which has territory net sales, dollars by customer, these were the customers that you were responsible for?

Q. If you turn to Page 8, it talks about territory tracking to budget by customer. How is the budget determined? What is the budget, if you know?

Q. That's all right. And if you go to Page 10, it says -- it shows the fiscal year 2013 and 2014 and shows territory net sales by product family?

Q. And the oxy combination drug is the highest sales by product family?

Q. Do you know whether you did one of these in 2015 and 2016?

Q. There's another attachment which says WB FY14. Do you see that? No, it's attached.

Q. You just got to keep going. It looks to be part of the same thing.

Q. It does not.

Q. What page are you on?

Q. Okay. Yeah.

Q. So wait. So Page 12 you're saying is looking at a different year?

Q. And if you look at the oxy non-combination product next to it, it's actually a higher quantity than it was the year before.

Q. If you look at Page 10.

Q. Yeah. The net sales is lower; correct?

Q. Just oxy.

Q. That's what I meant. It was higher.

Q. On Page 12?

Q. What is WB?

Q. So there's one of these for Walgreens Boots Alliance, there's another one for Amerisource? This is for each of your customers?

Q. And if you go to the AmerisourceBergen fiscal year 2014 overview --

Q. -- and you turn to Page 24 --

Q. It says -- under the top, it says goal, increase net sales and net margin by 50 percent. You see that?

Q. So is that one of your goals for the next year? Is that what that is, or is that talking about a goal that you already met, or do you know?

Q. So these are goals that you would have set?

Q. It's a fiscal year 2014 overview?

Q. So ABC goals for fiscal year 2014. Is this something that you met? Is the blue the goal and the green what you met, do you know?

Q. Which would have been an estimate that you would have sent?

Q. To date?

Q. You are currently at Rising Pharmaceuticals?

Q. And what do you do there?

Q. How did you find out about that position?

Q. And what type of products do you sell?

Q. Any (Diploids?
