Witness:  Lynn Phillips
Attorney: MR. Chalos
Source:   MNKOI0004562883
============================================================

Q. Thank you for being here today, Ms. Phillips. Have you ever given a deposition before?

Q. Have you ever taken a deposition before?

Q. Have you ever practiced law?

Q. You went to law school, though; right?

Q. And you were Number 4 in your class, I read somewhere; is that right?

Q. Yes? So you must be smart?

Q. It is. It is. Well, I was much lower than Number 4, so you're smarter than I am. I'll ask you questions here. Are you generally familiar with the concept of a deposition?

Q. So I will ask you some questions, and I'll ask that you give me verbal responses. So you can nod your head or shake your head, but please accompany that with a verbal response. Okay?

Q. It doesn't have to match as long as there's a verbal response. And I'll -- if I don't -- if you don't understand the question that I've asked you for some reason, please let me know and I'll do my best to rephrase it in some way that makes it so that we're communicating, and if you don't tell me that I'll assume that you've understood my question. Is that fair?

Q. What did you do to prepare for your deposition today?

Q. So counsel to your right is Mr. Berg?

Q. Did you speak with anybody else?

Q. Did you speak in person or on the telephone?

Q. Where was that?

Q. Missouri?

Q. Do you live in Missouri?

Q. And for how long did you meet with Mr. Berg?

Q. Did you look at documents?

Q. Were these documents that Mr. Berg put in front of you?

Q. Did you have documents in your possession from your time at Mallinckrodt as well?

Q. When was that meeting?

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. And did you give the documents that you had in your possession to Mr. Berg at that time?

Q. When did you give those to him?

Q. When did you mail those out?

Q. For receipt on Monday?

Q. Was anybody else present during that meeting?

Q. Ms. Reidy?

Q. Anybody else?

Q. Do those two lawyers represent you in this case?

Q. Did you hire them to represent you?

Q. Did you -- do you have a written agreement to that effect?

Q. Are you paying the lawyers any money?

Q. Do you expect to pay -- do you expect to pay them any money?

Q. How -- did somebody contact you about giving a deposition in this case?

Q. Who? Oh, go ahead. I'm sorry.

Q. When was that?

Q. Was it one of the same attorneys who you met with last week?

Q. Have you met with any other attorneys in connection with this litigation?

Q. Have you spoken with any attorneys other than the two you mentioned in connection with this litigation?

Q. What do you do for work now?

Q. Which corporate entity?

Q. And what does it mean to work in communications?

Q. Is that a publicly-traded company?

Q. When did you leave Mallinckrodt?

Q. Why did you leave?

Q. Were you looking for a job?

Q. Why were you looking for another job?

Q. You were -- so you were looking to advance your career?

Q. Was there some reason you felt like you didn't have a future at Mallinckrodt?

Q. You can --

Q. Sure. Was there some reason you felt like you didn't have a future at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Was there advancement available to you at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you explore that with anyone at Mallinckrodt?

Q. How long had you been with Mallinckrodt before you left?

Q. Had you gotten any promotions within the company during that four-year time period?

Q. What was your job title?

Q. So you came in as a manager of communications and you left as manager of communications?

Q. And that was your position during the entirety of the time you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Who did you report to in that position?

Q. Did it change over time?

Q. Okay. Well, let's start with the beginning. A very good place to start. We're doing show tunes, I guess.

Q. Did you report to anyone else at any time at the company?

Q. Did those people share a common title?

Q. What was Mr. Littlejohn's title, if you knew?

Q. Was he -- was there a separate communications division or group or something?

Q. Yeah. Was there a separate like communications department?

Q. Well, was there a communications department?

Q. And the person you reported to was in the communications department?

Q. Do you recall what Ms. Fisher's title was?

Q. Got it. And that's the same for Ms. Stauder?

Q. What was she?

Q. Did you have any people who reported to you at any time?

Q. Did your job duties change over time while you're employed at Mallinckrodt?

Q. In any way. I mean, essentially it was the same job when you started as when you left?

Q. So what -- how would you describe the job that you did there in terms of what your obligations were?

Q. Which corporate entity did you work for?

Q. Yeah. Who did you work for? There are several different entities, as I understand it, among the Mallinckrodt name, but what -- which one did you work for?

Q. Did you work for the entity that was publicly-traded?

Q. You at some point worked in the news business; is that right?

Q. When did you last work in the news business?

Q. Was that in New York?

Q. Did you work for ABC News at that point?

Q. So you worked with them from 2000 to 2010?

Q. Oh, I see. Yeah. Sorry. We're going to get this printed, but I don't have a printed copy, so I'm just reading off the screen here.

Q. Right. I see June 1997 is when you first started as a producer with ABC News in New York.

Q. And you were with ABC News through 2010?

Q. Did you move to Missouri to take the job with Mallinckrodt?

Q. You moved here for some other reason?

Q. How did you end up working at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you know anybody who worked for Mallinckrodt at that time?

Q. Did you ever practice law? I may have asked you that.

Q. Did you ever consider practicing law?

Q. See, I knew you were smart. Did you ever get licensed to practice law in any state?

Q. I'm going to hand you what we've marked as Exhibit Number 1 to your deposition. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-001 marked for identification.]

Q. This is a long table, so please don't think I'm being rude --

Q. -- if I throw something across it.

Q. So you can take as much time as you need to look at this. I'm going to ask you -- the first question is have you seen this document before, and then I'm going to focus you on the three requests for production at the end, but you can take as much time as you need to.

Q. Well, that was really going to be my first question. Your name is not Lynn Phillips Kipler, is it?

Q. Well, we can scratch that out. I think that's a typo.

Q. Have you had a chance to look at the document?

Q. Okay. Have you seen this document before today?

Q. So if you would look at the fourth and fifth pages of Exhibit 1. It says documents to be produced, and there are three categories. Do you see that?

Q. First, have you given to your lawyers and the lawyers for Mallinckrodt all of the Mallinckrodt documents that you have in your possession?

Q. Do you have a current r?sum? or curriculum vitae?

Q. Was it updated as of, I guess, the last time you were looking for a job in 2014?

Q. Do you have that like on a computer somewhere?

Q. Would it be difficult for you to e-mail that to your lawyers?

Q. Please do, if you would, and then we can work with your lawyers to get that to us.

Q. When you were with Mallinckrodt, did you use any personal e-mail to communicate about company business?

Q. Did you use text messaging to communicate about company business?

Q. You can put Exhibit 1 to the side for now. When -- what was your role -- when you were with Mallinckrodt, what was your role with respect to suspicious order monitoring, if any?

Q. Sure. Okay. Let's back up, then. Do you know what suspicious order monitoring is?

Q. What is your understanding of what that is?

Q. Did you, as part of your job with Mallinckrodt, have any role with respect to monitoring orders to determine whether they would be deemed suspicious?

Q. Did you -- what did you have in your 1 b -- what -- did you have any role with respect to suspicious order monitoring?

Q. You were aware that Mallinckrodt had a system for monitoring orders to determine whether they were suspicious? Did you? Let me rephrase that. Were you aware that Mallinckrodt had a system for monitoring orders of their opioids to determine whether they were suspicious?

Q. Did you have any understanding of the -- of what that system was?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt, during the time that you worked there, have a way to know which pharmacies sold Mallinckrodt opioids?

Q. Do you know what IMS data is?

Q. Do you know whether Mallinckrodt, during the time that you were with them, had an ability to track which physicians were writing prescriptions for Mallinckrodt products?

Q. Did you have any role with respect to the sales group within Mallinckrodt when you were working for them?

Q. Yeah. Did you interact with the sales group in your position -- professionally speaking, in your position at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you have any role in sales training when you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you have any role in crafting the messaging for marketing Mallinckrodt products to prescribers?

Q. Yeah. What I mean by that is -- let me back up. As I understand it, the marketing group -- now, let me -- I should locate this in context. I'm talking now about the branded products, particularly the branded opioid products that Mallinckrodt had during the time you were there.

Q. Okay? Do you remember what products they had -- what branded opioids they had?

Q. What do you remember?

Q. And as I understand it -- correct me if this understanding is wrong -- but there would be messaging that the marketing department in conjunction with others, including the medical affairs and legal and some others, would craft in connection with the branded plaids that then the sales team would deliver to prescribers?

Q. Is that consistent with your memory?

Q. Well, then you may have answered my question, but my question was going to be did you have any role in that process?

Q. Did you discuss messaging with the marketing department at any time during your employment with Mallinckrodt?

Q. That wasn't part of your regular duties in the communications department?

Q. Do you remember any of the people in the marketing department who you dealt with?

Q. By face?

Q. Or by description -- other noteworthy characteristics? No, I'm just kidding. I won't ask you for those. Do you have any medical training?

Q. Okay, Ms. Phillips. I'm going to hand you what we've marked as Exhibit Number 2 to your deposition. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-002 marked for identification.]

Q. This exhibit is MNK-Tl 0008410051 through 052, and it appears to be a r?sum? for you, with the most recent entry being producer, ABC News, New York, Network News Service, June 2000 through the present. Do you see that?

Q. If you would take a look at this, and my question to you will be, is this r?sum? -- well, is this your r?sum?, I guess, first? The second is whether it's accurate.

Q. And is the information in Exhibit 2 accurate?

Q. So were you in the position, as producer with ABC News New York, Network News Service, through the time you started with Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you have another job between those?

Q. Did you take time off?

Q. But the last job before you -- the last job you had before you started working for Mallinckrodt was this job as producer for ABC News?

Q. Was that the local ABC in New York?

Q. Okay, you can put that aside. Sc let's mark as the next numbered exhibit, Exhibit 3, a two-page document. It's MNK-Tl 0007987430 through 7431. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-003 marked for identification.]

Q. And I'll represent to you it's an e-mail chain that you're involved in, and the most recent e-mail on this is from you to Mr. Littlejohn dated August 11th, 2011, at 1:58 PM. Take as much time as you need to review that.

Q. Okay. First, who is Peter Edwards?

Q. And who was Karen Harper?

Q. Do you remember her as a person?

Q. Did she have something to do with suspicious order monitoring?

Q. So let's look at the e-mail that's in the middle of the first page of Exhibit 3 from you to Mr. Littlejohn dated August 18th, 2011, at 8:54 AM. Do you see that?

Q. Sorry. August 11th. Sorry about that.

Q. August 11th, 2011.

Q. And you said in that -- and that is you, right -- Lynn Phillips?

Q. Yeah. You said I guess what I'm trying to get across is that we didn't directly sell to this pharmacy, which I believe is important to distinguish the source of the product as the distributor, not Mallinckrodt. If you can think of a clearer way to word it that doesn't also prompt additional questions, I'm open to any suggestions. Do you see that?

Q. And in the next paragraph, you said our chargeback data analysis, which is part of our suspicious order monitoring program, does indeed show the amount sent to the pharmacy but it is after the fact. Do you see that?

Q. So do you recall that Mallinckrodt had a system where they could see which of their products were sent to a particular pharmacy after the fact?

Q. That's what I was going to ask you.

Q. And do you -- what do you recall about that program, if anything?

Q. And if you look at the next e-mail up in time, this is from Mr. Littlejohn to you, August 11th, 2011, at 8:57 AM.

Q. He says thanks for the explanation, and then the third -- one, two, three fourth sentence, he says answer would be that we do not know in advance -- that's the distributor's business -- but we do get after-the-fact information which we routinely analyze to determine suspicious order patterns. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall whether Mallinckrodt had a system where they routinely analyzed information about where distributors were -- which pharmacies distributors were distributing Mallinckrodt products to?

Q. And then if you look at your response to Mr. Littlejohn's e-mail was agree completely. Do you see that?

Q. Is that a yes?

Q. The uh-huhs and huh-uhs get a little -- for him.

Q. That's all right. You've been doing great on that. Do you -- as you sit here in time, do you know whether at the time back in 2011 you had more familiarity with the -- Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Okay. We've marked as Exhibit Number 4 to your deposition a two-page series of e-mails Bates stamped MNK-11 0001512496 and 2497. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-004 marked for identification.]

Q. You can take as much time as you need to review that, and let me know when you're done.

Q. Okay. So this e-mail is from Karen Harper dated July the 11th, 2011, 2:00 PM, to you and Mr. Littlejohn. Do you see that?

Q. And who is Michael Santowski?

Q. And Ms. Harper, if you look at the second page of Exhibit Number 4, is listed as the senior manager, controlled substance compliance, global logistics group.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Does that refresh your recollection as to her title?

Q. Is that consistent with your memory?

Q. So she says -- now going back to the first page of Exhibit 4 -- Lynn and Steve, Mike Santowski, whoever that is, has requested that I keep you posted directly of suspicious order monitoring developments. The following statements were included in my monthly report last week to Mike and will bring you up to speed on current events. Do you see that?

Q. So were you in 2011 being kept posted directly of suspicious order monitoring developments?

Q. Do you have a recollection of being kept posted directly of suspicious order monitoring developments?

Q. If you go down a little further in this e-mail, the third -- I guess fourth paragraph, it says Mallinckrodt S0M leadership team continues to review chargeback data for trends around distribution of our oxycodone and hydrocodone products and our distributors' SOM programs in terms of vigilance at the pharmacy level. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what that phrase chargeback data means?

Q. Do you know why you were being kept posted directly of suspicious order monitoring developments in 2011?

Q. Okay. Marking -- this is Exhibit Number 5. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-005 marked for identification.]

Q. This is MNK-T1 0007987323 through 7328. That's Exhibit Number 5, and it's a series of e-mails and an attachment. Well, I don't know if it's an attachment. I think it's -- to the e-mail.

Q. The top e-mail here in Exhibit Number 5 is from you to Stephen Littlejohn, JoAnna Schooler, and Nancy Stauder. Do you see that?

Q. Who is JoAnna Schooler?

Q. And Nancy Stauder -- was she your boss at this time?

Q. And Stephen Littlejohn was your boss at this point?

Q. The e-mail that -- one of the e-mails that's being included in this Exhibit 5 is from a person named John Burke, looking at the bottom of Page 1 --

Q. -- of Exhibit 5. And his signature line says he's the president of NADDI. Do you see that?

Q. And it looks like, from Ms. Harper's e-mail, that's the National Association of Drug Diversion Investigators. Does that sound right?

Q. What was the relationship -- well, first of all, do you know who Mr. Burke is?

Q. Do you know what relationship, if any, there was between Mr. Burke and Mallinckrodt?

Q. If you look at Ms. Harper's e-mail -- well, let's go down to Mr. Burke's e-mail. His e-mail is to somebody named Evan Waidley. Do you see that?

Q. It's the bottom of Page 1 of Exhibit 5?

Q. Who is Evan Waidley?

Q. And it looks like he also posted this to a Listsery -- rxnews@listserve.com. Do you see that?

Q. Were you on that Listserv?

Q. He -- Mr. Burke said I am a little surprised about this reporting and even checked the date to see if it was written several months ago. We are very familiar with this I-75 run from Detroit to West Virginia, and I keep in touch with the interdiction unit of the Ohio State Highway Patrol who seize enormous amounts of pills in southeast Ohio as they are heading for West Virginia. Do you see that?

Q. Is that information that you knew at any point before receiving this e-mail -- in other words, the information he conveyed there?

Q. Ms. Harper then forwarded that e-mail to somebody named Pat Duft D-U-F-T. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know who that is?

Q. And Donald Lohman. Who is that?

Q. And how about Bill Ratliff? Who is that?

Q. She -- Ms. Harper in that e-mail says please note the two yellow highlighted sections here the end of the article referencing Harvard Drugs and Detroit, southern Ohio, and Florida geographic regions. Do you see that?

Q. And then Mr. Lohman forwarded that to you. Do you see that?

Q. And then you forwarded it to that group we talked about earlier -- Littlejohn, and Schooler, and Stauder. Do you see that?

Q. And you said then background on this, we are one of Harvard's suppliers. Harvard is not the university in this context but is the name of a pharmacy; right?

Q. Yeah. And if you flip over to the last page of Exhibit 5. In fact, we should -- let's start at Page 2 of Exhibit 5. The article headline in the Detroit Free Press is Detroit feeding OxyContin addiction. Supply runs down I-75. Do you see that?

Q. And then if you go to the next page, which is the third page of Exhibit 5, the subheadline there is OxyContin supply flows south. Do you see that?

Q. And it says authorities say metro Detroit is feeding a pain pill addiction that's wreaking havoc on communities in Ohio, West Virginia, Kentucky, even as far away as Maine and Alabama, where addicts are shelling out roughly $100 per -- for a pill. Do you see that?

Q. Now if you flip over to the last page of Exhibit 5?

Q. In -- let me see -- one, two, three, four, five paragraphs down, it says in April -- the last page. Okay. It says in April, a Livonia pharmaceutical supplier agreed to pay $8 million to resolve claims that it sold a large volume of prescription drugs that ended up being used illegally. Harvard Drug Group was accused of failing to identify more than 1,000 suspicious orders for narcotics, largely oxycodone, and failing to report them to the DEA. Do you see that?

Q. So now let's -- with that context, let's go back to your e-mail on Page 1 of Exhibit 5. Background on this, we are one of Harvard's suppliers. They were fined $8 million in the wake of a pill mill bust and DEA investigation last spring. Although the DEA data was collected before our data from our suspicious order monitoring program showed the issue, we did report the suspicious activity in November 2010. Also, note NADDI's response below. Do you see that?

Q. Were any of the 1,000 suspicious orders that Harvard Drug Group was accused of failing to identify -- were any of those orders involving Mallinckrodt products?

Q. How did you learn the information that you set forth in this e-mail, that Mallinckrodt was one of Harvard's suppliers?

Q. Did you have a person from whom you'd get information routinely about suspicious order -- suspicious orders?

Q. So how -- if you had -- for example, you saw a news article that said there was a pharmaceutical supplier or a pharmacy that was accused of not reporting suspicious orders, who would you go to within Mallinckrodt to find out whether Mallinckrodt was supplying opioids to that entity?

Q. Would someone come to you?

Q. Do you remember who that person or those persons were?

Q. Okay. We've marked as Exhibit Number 6 MNK-11 0005776338 through 6340. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-006 marked for identification.]

Q. The top e-mail is from Ana Fullmer at Edelman to you dated June the 28th, 2010, 10:09 PM. Is.

Q. So do you know who Ana Fullmer is?

Q. That's Edelman?

Q. For what purpose did Mallinckrodt retain Edelman, if you remember?

Q. What do you mean by that?

Q. And she in this e-mail to you referenced -- her subject line is drug takeback days, suggested markets. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall the drug takeback days project?

Q. What was that?

Q. CARES Alliance was an organization that was funded by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Was it funded by anybody other than Mallinckrodt?

Q. What was your role with respect to the CARES Alliance, if any?

Q. Was that part of your job with Mallinckrodt?

Q. Your work with communications in connection with the CARES Alliance -- did that go through your -- the same chain of command that all of your other Mallinckrodt work went through?

Q. Meaning did you report to somebody different for the CARES Alliance work verse --

Q. So you -- when you did the CARES Alliance work, you reported to the same people as when you did work for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did these drug takeback days actually take place?

Q. So in -- like in Exhibit 6 --

Q. Well, yeah. Okay. Let's start in general. Did drug takeback days actually occur?

Q. Do you recall where they occurred?

Q. Did you physically attend those in person?

Q. Do you recall there being one in Ohio?

Q. How about Tennessee?

Q. If you look at Page 2 of Exhibit 6, the section under Tennessee. It says prevalence of health issue, averaging 16.9 prescriptions per person in 2006, Tennessee had the second-highest level of prescription drug use in the country. Do you see that?

Q. And the next section there, it says previous coverage, the last takeback day was covered in large local outlets, and then it references several media outlets, and at the bottom it says suggested markets, Nashville, state capital, and Memphis. Do you see that?

Q. Does that refresh your memory as to whether there was an actual drug takeback day in Tennessee?

Q. If you go back up to Page 1 of Exhibit 6, the very bottom. With respect to Ohio, it says prevalence of health issue, Ohio's death rate due to unintentional drug poisoning has increased more than 350 percent from 1999 through 2008 and is now the leading cause of injury death in Ohio. And you can flip over. Under legislative action, last sentence, it says according to the Ohio Department of Health, since 2007 unintentional drug overdoses in the state accounted for more accidental deaths than motor vehicle crashes and suicides combined. Do you see that? Last sentence of the legislative action?

Q. Is that accurate; do you know?

Q. Suggested markets, Cincinnati slash Dayton and Columbus. Do you see where it says that?

Q. Does that refresh your memory as to whether there actually was a drug takeback day there?

Q. How would we find out where if in any of these places CARES did a drug takeback day?

Q. How would we find out?

Q. To the CARES website?

Q. Who -- going back to 2011, who within Mallinckrodt would have to approve the location of a drug takeback day? Was that your decision to make?

Q. Yeah. Back in 2011, at the time of the e-mail --

Q. -- in Exhibit 6, who would have to approve at Mallinckrodt the location for a drug takeback day? Was that your decision or somebody else's?

Q. Do you remember who that was?

Q. We'll edit that out in post. Exhibit Number -- whoops -- 7 is MNK-T1 0005776568 through 6569. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-007 marked for identification.]

Q. Okay. This is a series of e-mails, it looks like. I want to refer you first to the e-mail that starts on the bottom of Page 1 of Exhibit 7 from you to Bruce Farmer and Eric Kraus dated August 11th, 2011, at 8:14 AM. Do you see that?

Q. Who is Bruce Farmer?

Q. And who was Eric Kraus?

Q. Got it. So your subject line is Philly indictment, oxycodone RX ring?

Q. You said Bruce and Eric, we have received notification from the Department of Justice and the DEA that an indictment was handed down yesterday about -- against 53 defendants, including a doctor and a pharmacist in the Philadelphia area in a drug conspiracy involving alleged trafficking of oxycodone. See attached release from the DOJ. Okay. Never mind. You said I believe we are unlikely to get media inquiries as we do not sell directly to the named defendant, Northeast Pharmacy, and there is no mention of Mallinckrodt/Covidien in the legal documents. However, the pharmacy is one of our indirect customers by means of McKesson and other distributors. Do you see that?

Q. How did you determine that the Northeast Pharmacy was an indirect customer of Mallinckrodt/Covidien?

Q. Do you recall who you would have asked at that time?

Q. You go on to say I am working on a holding statement and will send it your way once I have confirmed a couple of pieces of information from our SOM team. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall who you were dealing with at the SOM team?

Q. What is a holding statement?

Q. Okay. We've marked as Exhibit Number 8 MNK-T1 0007987837 through 7839, and it's an e-mail dated August 11th, 2011, 6:23 PM. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-008 marked for identification.]

Q. That's at least the top e-mail here from Stephen Littlejohn to you. Correct?

Q. Okay. So Exhibit Number 8, let's go to the last page. There's an e-mail from you to Peter Edwards and Karen Harper that's blacked out here. It says redacted, A/C privilege, but if you go above that, Stephen Littlejohn to Lynn Phillips, August 11th, 2011, 8:31 AM. Mr. Littlejohn says I see the point of the statement, but I'm a bit confused. We do, however, know exactly how much went to the pharmacy through distributor -- through the distributors. How does that occur? Thanks. Do you see that?

Q. Yeah. And so you then go up to the top of Page 2 of Exhibit 8 about -- let go to the middle here. Stephen Littlejohn's e-mail to you -- we talked about this one earlier. August 11th, 2011, at 8:57 AM. He says, the fourth sentence, answer would be that we do not know in advance -- that's the distributor's business -- but we do get after-the-fact information which we routinely analyze to determine suspicious order patterns. Do you see that?

Q. And then your response to that at 9:09 AM, if you move up on Page 2 of Exhibit Number 8, you said on second thought, I think perhaps it's best not to reference our analysis of after-the-fact information so as not to compromise our ongoing investigations. Perhaps best to just leave it that we don't know in advance where the product goes. Your thoughts? Do you see that?

Q. Mr. Littlejohn then responded at 9:13 -- this is on Page 1 of Exhibit 8 -- that's okay. Be sure to confirm we do not know in advance. Do you see that?

Q. And then there's a blacked-out e-mail here. It says redacted, A/C privilege. And then Mr. Littlejohn at 6:23 PM says to you okay, but the immediate follow-up will be have you seen any suspicious orders related to this case? Have you halted shipments? Do you see that?

Q. And then if you go back to Exhibit Number 7, this is the holding statement that you all were discussing in Exhibit 8; right?

Q. And in the holding statement in Exhibit 7, there is no mention of after-the-fact information which Mallinckrodt routinely analyzed to determine suspicious order product -- patterns; right?

Q. Yeah. In the holding statement in Exhibit 7

Q. -- there's no mention of Mallinckrodt's getting after-the-fact information which Mallinckrodt routinely analyzed to determine suspicious order patterns; right?

Q. In Exhibit Number 7, the holding statement --

Q. -- there's no mention of Mallinckrodt getting after-the-fact information which Mallinckrodt routinely analyzed to determine suspicious order patterns; right?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt in fact receive any media inquiries about the indictment in Philadelphia related to the oxycodone ring?

Q. Okay. So we marked as a Exhibit Number 9 MNK-Tl 0006640016 and 0017. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-009 marked for identification.]

Q. What is the document that we've marked as Exhibit 9?

Q. What was the purpose of this holding statement?

Q. And it's dated June the 5th of 2011?

Q. What role did you have in creating this standby statement or holding statement?

Q. Then in the -- on Page 2 of Exhibit 9 -- let me back up. Was this -- did this document need to be approved by somebody within the company before it was finalized?

Q. Who did it need to be approved by?

Q. And Exhibit Number 9 -- this is a final version of a holding statement? In other words, this isn't a draft but this is the approved version?

Q. If you look on the back, potential Q & A, it says Number 1, as the United States's largest manufacturer of opioid-based pharmaceuticals, what specific actions are you taking to ensure that your products don't fall into the wrong hands? Do you see that question?

Q. So what are the potential Q & As? This is sort of expected questions; is that right?

Q. Was it true in 2011 that Covidien/Mallinckrodt was the United States's largest manufacturer of opioid-based pharmaceuticals?

Q. Then the proposed answer to that question is for security reasons, we cannot discuss our internal review process with specificity. We do have a consistent method of monitoring our products' supply chains, and we take all necessary steps toward assuring the legitimate distribution of our controlled substances. Do you see that?

Q. And those statements were true?

Q. And then the last Q & A here on Page 2 of Exhibit 9 says how do you respond to the DEA's expectation that you know the full supply chain of your product? And the proposed answer here is as a manufacturer of opioid-based pharmaceuticals, we have a responsibility to patients and prescribers to assure that our products are distributed and used safely. You see that?

Q. And that was true?

Q. We take that responsibility seriously and have programs in place to ensure, to the extent possible, that our product distribution is controlled and legitimate, and that's also true?

Q. You can put Exhibit Number 9 to the side. Do you recall if there was a time when Mallinckrodt was trying to get approval for a 32-milligram dose of its branded opioid Exalgo?

Q. Let's look at a few documents and see if that helps jog your memory. I've marked as Exhibit Number 10 MNK-Tl 0000976161. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-010 marked for identification.]

Q. And then let's -- I'll mark this as Exhibit 11. It's what I believe to be the attachment to that e-mail. So we'll mark as Exhibit Number 11 MNK-T1 0000976162 through 163. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-011 marked for identification.]

Q. And I believe that to be the exhibit -- I'm sorry -- the attachment to the e-mail that's Exhibit 10. So let me know when you've had a chance to review that.

Q. Okay so the subject -- let's look and Exhibit 10 first.

Q. The subject line is Exalgo 32 negative press holding statement. It's an e-mail from you to Mr. Littlejohn, someone named Diane Brendel -- B-R-E-N-D-E-L -- Emily Pihlquist -- P-I-H-L-Q-U-I-S-T, and Kelly Cox. It looks like Ms. Pihlquist and Ms. Cox work at Edelman. Do you see that?

Q. And it's dated August the 27th, 2012, 4:56 PM. Does this refresh your recollection about the issues surrounding Exalgo 32-milligram dose?

Q. What was the concern about negative press about that product?

Q. Do you have any recollection of specific concerns about the 32-milligram dose of Exalgo?

Q. So let's look at Exhibit 11, then. Does that look to you to be the draft negative press holding statement regarding Exalgo 32 milligrams?

Q. And that's a document you prepared?

Q. Do you know whether this document was ever finalized?

Q. And do you know whether Mallinckrodt received any media inquiries about Exalgo 32-milligram dose?

Q. If you look at Exhibit Number 11 dated August 27th of 2012, the background there says in anticipation of influencer criticism about recently FDA-approved Exalgo 32, the following holding statements are in place. Do you see that?

Q. What does influencer criticism mean?

Q. Did you have any role with respect to Mallinckrodt's key opinion leader program?

Q. What was your role there?

Q. For what purpose?

Q. Did that relate to the opioids products?

Q. Looking back at Exhibit Number 11, the general holding statement -- let me see here. The first paragraph, it says Mallinckrodt, the pharmaceuticals business of Covidien. Do you see that?

Q. If you look at the second-to-last sentence it says we believe the availability of a 32-milligram dosage strength of Exalgo, hydromorphone HCI extended release tablets will help fill a need in the appropriate treatment of chronic pain. In fact, in Exalgo's pivotal clinical trial, the mean effective dose was 37.8 milligrams. Do you see that?

Q. Where did you get that information from; do you remember?

Q. Do you know what pivotal clinical trial is being referenced there?

Q. Do you know what the actual mean dosage that was being prescribed by prescribers at this time actually was in the field?

Q. Is that information you would have had back in 2012?

Q. If you look at the -- let's see -- third paragraph under general holding statement, it says Mallinckrodt voluntarily provides at no cost more than 60 educational tools for prescribers, pharmacists, patients, and caregivers on safe opioid use. Do you see that?

Q. What is that, in referencing 60 educational tools?

Q. And if you look at the second page of Exhibit 11, the last paragraph there, why did you not include this strength in the original FDA application? Do you see that?

Q. And the second bullet point says our application was submitted with postmarketing data to demonstrate that patients already are taking a 32-milligram dose of Exalgo appropriately using the current available tablet strengths taken together. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall what your source for that information was?

Q. Was that somebody within the company?

Q. Do you know whether that statement was ever conveyed to the press or to the media?

Q. Do you agree that it is important for pharmaceutical companies to convey accurate information to the news media about its products?

Q. And do you agree that it's important that pharmaceutical companies convey truthful information about their products to the public?

Q. And why is that important?

Q. I'm going to hand you three exhibits here that I believe are related. So as Exhibit 12, we're marking an e-mail that's Bates-stamped MNK-T1 0005783101. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-012 marked for identification.]

Q. And as Exhibit Number 13, document MNK-Tl 0005783102 through 3107. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-013 marked for identification.]

Q. Then as Exhibit 14, we'll mark MNK-T1 0005783108 through 3116. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-014 marked for identification.]

Q. Okay. So the first -- Exhibit 12, the e-mail references two documents, I believe. It's -- there are two attachments. One is the Mallinckrodt internal Q & A for WSJ, 5-24 of 2012 -- that's Wall Street Journal?

Q. And I believe that's Exhibit Number 13, those internal Q & A. Then the second attachment is responses to questions from Wall Street Journal dot doc. I believe we marked that as Exhibit 14. Does that sound right?

Q. So let's start with Exhibit 12. This is -- the first e-mail here, which is on the bottom of Exhibit 12, from Mr. Littlejohn to you about a Bloomberg Business Week reporter who was inquiring about the prescription painkiller market; is that right?

Q. Do you recall this back-and-forth?

Q. From Bloomberg?

Q. Is that a yes?

Q. That's all right. You're doing great on that. If you look at the -- that e-mail -- that 2:25 e-mail -- 2: 25 PM on June the 4th of 2012 about -- I don't know -- three-quarters of the way down or two-third of the way down, that first paragraph, it says he -- well, let me back up. The source said he dealt exclusively in generics, not brands, whatever is cheapest. He said the most popular were M-30s. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Why don't we start at the beginning of this paragraph? So this is from Little -- Mr. Littlejohn to you. I'm on Exhibit 12. It says he is taking a look at the prescription painkiller moment and how controlled substances have, quote, gotten out of control. Do you see that?

Q. He -- I assume it means the reporter -- has been talking to someone who ran a dubiously legal pain clinic and who will soon be going to jail.

Q. The reporter is using this source to see how such a business was operated, advertising wholesalers. The source said he dealt exclusively in generics, not brands, whatever is cheapest. He said the most popular were M-30s. Do you see that?

Q. What is M-30s?

Q. Mr. Littlejohn went on to say the reporter said the magazine will publish a list of who makes generic oxycodone and we will be on the list. Do you see that?

Q. And then you responded to that saying does he have specific questions? If so, can he send them to us? I can craft answers around them if you can get info from David's group on the M-30s. Do you see that?

Q. Who is David that you're referencing here?

Q. What was his role?

Q. Mr. Littlejohn then said to you at 2:32 PM on that day, he just wanted to give us a heads-up that we would be listed and to ask for sales figures. I believe we need to use this opportunity to drive our key messages. Send me the latest draft of the Q/A with the edits and I'll figure out something unless you want to. I'll check with David on M-30. Do you see that?

Q. And then you sent him these two documents referencing Devlin's inquiry. Do you see that?

Q. What is that a reference to?

Q. That was Devlin Barrett?

Q. Did you speak with Mr. Barrett?

Q. Did you provide him the information that is set forth in Exhibits 13 and 14?

Q. Did you send this to him in writing or verbally?

Q. Well, let's look at Exhibit 13 for a moment. This is a reference -- Exhibit 13 seems to be

Q. Is that a federal congressional inquiry? If you remember.

Q. Okay. Well, let's look at the first paragraph there. The question -- the topic question there is have you provided money to any of the organizations or people named through the senate finance investigation? If so, which ones, how much, and for what activities? Do you see that?

Q. And then the proposed response here, if asked specifically about the grant given to AAPM, which looks like is the American Academy of Pain Medicine. Do you see that?

Q. And there's some explanation of a $200,000 grant. Do you see that?

Q. Does that refresh your memory at all about this?

Q. Okay. You're talking about Exhibit 13?

Q. Okay. Let's flip over to the next page of Exhibit 13 for a moment. Paragraph 5 said the senate finance's letters to industry specifically mentioned a book authored by Dr. Scott Fishman. Have you all provided that book at any of your trainings or events? Do you see that?

Q. Have you read Dr. Fishman's book?

Q. It's called Responsible Opioid Prescribing. Do you see that?

Q. Have you ever seen the book?

Q. Do you know whether -- to what use Mallinckrodt put that book at any time?

Q. Well, then let's look at Exhibit 14, then. This is a document that you created?

Q. And this is a document that was actually provided to the Wall Street Journal reporter?

Q. And these questions listed here -- these were not hypothetical questions; these were the actual questions that the reporter posed to Mallinckrodt?

Q. And these are the actual answers that were provided?

Q. And there's some -- let's look at -- Question Number 1 is how does Mallinckrodt's monitoring system work, and how does it appear to set off alarms before the government, customers, and end users? Basically, I'd love to get walked through the system so I can understand how the data you see translates to red flags and actions taken. Do you see that?

Q. And then -- we're on Exhibit 14 here. The -- there's about a page-and-a-half explanation of the suspicious order monitoring program; is that right?

Q. On Page 2 of Exhibit 14, it says this portion of Mallinckrodt's S0M program also includes a process by which it identifies pharmacies to which distributors sell controlled substances manufactured by Mallinckrodt that might be displaying signs indicative of diversion. Do you see that?

Q. And that was a true statement then?

Q. And the description of Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program that's set forth in Exhibit 14 in response to Question 1 is accurate?

Q. Sure. The description of Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program that is set forth in response to Question 1 in Exhibit 14 -- that description is accurate?

Q. Question 2 here in Exhibit 14 relates to the chargeback system. Do you see that?

Q. And the -- let me see -- the first paragraph there in the response?

Q. This is in Exhibit 14. It says chargebacks are generated by distributors when they sell one of our products to an outlet -- e.g., retail pharmacy, hospital, et cetera. Is that right?

Q. And then if you look at the last sentence of that paragraph, it says the distributor's chargeback submission includes the identity of the outlet to which the distributor made the sale, the product sold, the volume sold, and the date of the sale?

Q. And that -- the description of the chargeback system set forth in response to Question 2 in Exhibit 14 -- that is accurate to the best of your knowledge as well?

Q. And the last sentence -- I'm now on the page that has the Bates number 3111 in Exhibit 14. There's one sentence on that page, and it says once the chargebacks are compiled -- it looks like that.

Q. It says once the chargebacks are compiled, our internal controlled substances compliance group can use the data to see, for instance, the number of tablets of a Mallinckrodt product that a pharmacy has purchased in the last several months and from which distributor or distributors. Do you see that?

Q. And that was true?

Q. And if you flip over to the next page, this is Question 3 in Exhibit 14. The question is another thing I'm curious about, if law enforcement recovers a supply of seized pills, can they be traced back through the legal supply system? And the first paragraph response says if law enforcement recovers a pill without any packaging or prescription bottles of any kind, assuming the pill has not been defaced, the manufacturer of the pill should be able to be identified by the markings on the pill, which are unique to each manufacturer. Is that true?

Q. If you look at Question Number 5. This is on the page that ends with 83115. We're still on Exhibit 14 here. The question is any new trends in diversion Mallinckrodt sees? If I'm right that the company's system is quickest to notice problems, I'm guessing you guys may see broader patterns before the government, other firms, et cetera. And the answer is Mallinckrodt's SOM program is designed to identify issues as quickly as possible, report those matters to DEA, and take appropriate action to address the identified issue. It is a cumulative learning process for us, which may help us identify certain patterns. Do you see that?

Q. Was that true?

Q. The next paragraph says the trends Mallinckrodt is watching closely are those already noted in the media. As the prescription drug issue in Florida is addressed, the problem will likely move to other states. We are closely monitoring our chargeback system to look for pharmacies in those states that start purchasing more oxycodone 30-milligram or 15-milligram than they have historically. Do you see that?

Q. What other states was Mallinckrodt closely monitoring its chargeback system for at that time?

Q. Was Ohio one of them?

Q. What makes you believe that it might have been?

Q. At the time?

Q. How about Tennessee?

Q. And at that time, Mallinckrodt sold -- or Mallinckrodt's plaids were sold in Ohio; right?

Q. Including Ohio?

Q. You can put those three exhibits to the side.

Q. Okay. We've marked as Exhibit Number 15 a document that says Mallinckrodt master Q & A, August 8th, 2013. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-015 marked for identification.]

Q. It's MNK-T1 0007994259 through 4291. My question will be, what is this document first?

Q. How did this document -- what role did you have in creating this document, if any?

Q. Who created it, then?

Q. Do you recall the name of that agency?

Q. How do you spell that?

Q. And did somebody at Mallinckrodt have to sign off on the statements contained in Exhibit 15 at some point?

Q. Does this -- does Exhibit 15 look to be the final version of the master Q & A?

Q. Do you know who at Mallinckrodt had to sign off on the final version of the master Q & A?

Q. Did you sign off on the document as well?

Q. Were there in fact media inquiries about the spinoff in 2013?

Q. In other words, was this document ever put to use, to your knowledge?

Q. To whom in the company was this document distributed, if you know?

Q. And the intention was that the information set forth in Exhibit 15 would be used in response to media inquiries about the spinoff?

Q. You can put that aside for now. Let see if this great organizational system can withstand a couple more minutes. Let me hand you a document we'll mark as Exhibit Number 16. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-016 marked for identification.]

Q. It is MNK-T1 0005776817 through 6818. It's Exhibit 16.

Q. Have you had a chance to review Exhibit 16?

Q. Do you recall Dr. Jeffrey Gudin?

Q. There's a -- Exhibit 16 is an e-mail trail that you're copied on from somebody named Drea Brooks -- well, including somebody named Drea Brooks from Edelman referencing some work that Dr. Gudin was doing.

Q. Do you see that? Do you recall -- I had asked you earlier about your involvement with the KOLs, key opinion leaders. You said -- I'm paraphrasing -- something along the lines of you recall doing some work with them in relation to the CARES Alliance?

Q. Does this refresh your recollection about any of the work that you were involved with in terms of KOLs?

Q. It's JoAnna Schooler?

Q. Am I saying that right?

Q. Is it Schooler? Okay. Did you have more of a role with CARES Alliance later or earlier?

Q. So do you recall anything about Dr. Gudin's work with respect to CARES Alliance?

Q. So we'll mark two exhibits that we'll look at together. Exhibit 17 is an e-mail, MNK-T1 0008409000. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-017 marked for identification.]

Q. And Exhibit 18 is MNK-T1 0008409779. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-018 marked for identification.]

Q. Okay. So I believe that these two exhibits are related, but let's talk about them and we'll see. So Exhibit 17 is an e-mail from you to Bruce and Eric. That's Bruce Farmer and Eric Kraus we talked about earlier, your boss's boss and your boss's boss's boss?

Q. And you are e-mailing them here to say please see attached report from the Delaware County, New York, police. A housekeeping employee from our Hobart facility was arrested on Saturday after attempting to smuggle crushed oxycodone to his girlfriend in the Delaware County Correctional Facility. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall this incident?

Q. According to Rich Nikolaus from Hobart security, there is no determination that he obtained the drugs from our plant, as they were crushed when discovered. Do you recall whether there was ever a determination as to whether the oxycodone that this person was attempting to smuggle to his girlfriend in the Delaware County Correctional Facility came from the Mallinckrodt Hobart plant?

Q. And then the next paragraph says the suspect has been employed in Hobart's housekeeping division since October 2010 and is not an authorized entrant into the vaults or cages. There is no apparent connection between the suspect, Brian Bright, and Christian Brandt, the employee who was arrested a couple weeks ago, but our security team is continuing to investigate. Do you see that?

Q. What was Christian Brandt arrested for?

Q. And then if you look at Exhibit 18, this is a press release dated July 23rd of 2011, which I guess is two days before your e-mail --

Q. -- from the Delaware County's Sheriff's Office referencing the arrest of Mr. Bright for bringing in powdered oxycodone to the Delaware County Correctional Facility; right?

Q. Back on Exhibit 17. It says our security team is continuing to investigate. Do you recall the outcome of any investigation related to Mr. Bright or Christian Brandt?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt receive any press acquires related to this situation, to your knowledge?

Q. You can put those aside. I'm marking as Exhibit 19 MNK-T1 0004619422 and 9423. It's Exhibit 19. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-019 marked for identification.]

Q. Okay. Let's start with the e-mail on the second page on the bottom.

Q. From Paul Tullis to you. The subject is media inquiry. This is August 24th of 2011, 4:33 PM. Mr. Tullis said hi, I'm trying to find out where Covidien's version of hydrocodone, generic Vicodin, is manufactured and when the facility -- when that facility was last inspected by the FDA. Thanks, Paul. Do you see that?

Q. And you then e-mailed Mr. Littlejohn and JoAnna Schooler at 5:06 PM that same day referencing that inquiry. Do you see that?

Q. Did you have a telephone conversation with Mr. Tullis after his e-mail?

Q. You go here to say, the second paragraph, the focus of his story, he says, is on imported pharmaceuticals. He wants to mention products that are manufactured in the USA, and that includes the Mallinckrodt products. According to the DOJ, 100 percent of hydrocodone is manufactured in the United States. He says he wants to list the manufacturers. Do you see that?

Q. And then you reference this Miller McCune, which is a policy/government affairs publication?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Are you familiar with that publication?

Q. And you went on to say however, I will point out that it does not -- I'm sorry -- that it does appear as though he freelances for several different publications, so we obviously want to tread cautiously around too much information. Do you see that?

Q. What did you mean by that?

Q. So you had a back-and-forth, it looks like, with Mr. Littlejohn?

Q. You then on -- at 5:40, you said honestly, if we look like we're shrouding it in secrecy it will bring up more questions and make it look like we're hiding something, especially if we decline to answer about the most recent inspection. Do you see that?

Q. And then Mr. Littlejohn said get Ratliff to agree. Do you see that?

Q. Who is Ratliff?

Q. Okay. Okay. And then you said to -- this is at 7:40 PM -- excuse me -- said to Mr. Littlejohn in the e-mail, Steve, I spoke with Bill. I assume that's Bill Ratliff?

Q. And he and I agreed on a response to the reporter that is within both of our comfort levels. Quote, Mallinckrodt produces hydrocodone in two different stages, out of plants in Missouri and New York. We agreed not to touch the FDA inspection question. Do you see that?

Q. Why did you not want to touch the FDA inspection question?

Q. You went on to say I planned -- I plan not to respond to the reporter until Friday morning, as his hard Friday deadline will mitigate the chances of him coming back for additional details.

Q. See that? Is that in fact what you did -- respond to him Friday morning?

Q. And why were you concerned about mitigating the chances of him coming back for additional details?

Q. Ms. Phillips, I've handed you what we've marked as Exhibit Number 20, and it's MNK-Tl 0008592506 through 2537. Do you recognize this document? [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Phillips-020 marked for identification.]

Q. Is this one of the documents that you had in your possession that you provided to your lawyers over the weekend?

Q. And what is this document?

Q. Who prepared this document?

Q. Was this actually presented to anyone?

Q. And were these strategies actually implemented at any time?

Q. Do you recall which PR agency prepared this?

Q. Was this ever presented to your boss?

Q. Was there a meeting where somebody put this PowerPoint up and people looked at it?
