Witness:  Mark Pugh
Attorney: MR. Gastel
Source:   MNKOI0004570602
============================================================

Q. Will you please state your full name for the record, sir?

Q. And where do you live, sir? *Redacted - EPI

Q. And how long have you lived there, sir?

Q. Do you have any plans to move in the foreseeable future?

Q. Who lives there with you, sir? i

Q. *Redacted - EPI

Q. When did you first learn that you would have to sit for a deposition in this case?

Q. And -- VIDEOGRAPHER: Can we go off the record just for one second?

Q. I'll hand you a document that we'll mark as Exhibit 1, sir. .

Q. Is that the subpoena that you received in this case?

Q. And you understand that you are here today to give testimony in that case styled Staubus versus Purdue Pharmaceuticals.

Q. And I'm going to hand you another document that we'll mark as Exhibit 2. .

Q. This is just the amended deposition notice setting it for today here at the Comfort Suites. Have you ever seen this document before, sir?

Q. And you understand that we are here pursuant to that subpoena and that Amended Notice of Deposition.

Q. I don't want to know anything that might have been said in a meeting with your attorney, sir. I don't want to know any of that, but what did you do to prepare for today's deposition?

Q. And is it your understanding that these attorneys sitting here today are representing you as a witness in this case?

Q. And you also understand that they represent Mallinckrodt, the corporate entity.

Q. You don't currently work for Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. You work for *Redacted - EPI

Q. Well, congratulations.

Q. So I assume you have to take work off today.

Q. Very well. Are you being paid for your time today, sir?

Q. Fair enough. And again, I don't want to know anything that was said in the meeting with your lawyers, don't want to know what was said. But were the only two people in the meeting yesterday the two attorneys sitting here with you today?

Q. And yourself?

Q. No person from Mallinckrodt was there.

Q. Again, I don't want to know anything that was said, but how long did that meeting last?

Q. Would you say six, seven hours?

Q. Where was that meeting?

Q. And that's a conference center here in Kingsport?

Q. And how far is that from your home?

Q. During that -- is it fair to say it was an all-day meeting?

Q. Did you review documents during that meeting, sir?

Q. Did you review e-mail correspondence?

Q. Did you review PowerPoint presentations?

Q. Did you review any of Mallinckrodt's website?

Q. I'll hand you a document that we'll mark as Exhibit 3. .

Q. Does this look like your Linkedln profile, sir?

Q. Is the information in here true and accurate?

Q. Any -- apart from that, is the rest of the information in here, to the best of your knowledge, true and accurate?

Q. And this was information that you put in the Linkedln system; is that fair to say?

Q. So I want to talk a little bit about your employment history. I know that you just said that you started a new position. Who are you -- who is your new position with?

Q. What do they do?

Q. Are they pharmaceutical products?

Q. Is there a specific pharmaceutical that you are tasked with promoting?

Q. And do you know what that pharmaceutical --

Q. And who manufactures that product, if you know?

Q. And are you going to have a set territory that you are going to cover?

Q. And what is that territory?

Q. And is the -- is your job responsibilities going to -- well, what is your job title?

Q. So you're a pharmaceutical sales representative in your new position; is that right?

Q. And that's what you were with Novartis in your position prior to your current position, correct?

Q. Let's talk a little bit about your work with Novartis. What -- were you tasked with promoting a specific pharmaceutical for Novartis? Did it change over the years?

Q. Just as a little background, can you explain what Novartis is?

Q. And you were a senior specialty sales representative for them, correct?

Q. And you covered the Tri-Cities area, correct?

Q. During your time with Novartis you were principally assigned to the Tri-Cities area; is that fair to say?

Q. Did your geographic territory ever cover areas outside of the Tri-Cities area?

Q. What other areas did you cover?

Q. Any other times when the geographic territory you were assigned when you were working for Novartis extended beyond the Tri-Cities area?

Q. That's it?

Q. What made you leavellReclacted-ERI

Q. And that was in 2005?

Q. Prior to the small technical difficulty there, Mr. Pugh, we were talking about *Redacted - EPI i which I think you said occurred in April of 2005, correct?

Q. So what have you been doing from 2005 to present?

Q. And were you a sales representative for them as well?

Q. And how long -- and then did you Retlactetl -EPI work with:* from 2005 until January of this year?

Q. And what did you do from 2013 up until January of this year?

Q. Okay. And then you started with -- . .

Q. Thank you. I was hoping you would say it. i *Redacted - EPI

Q. And you worked there from -- well, how long did you work there?

Q. And what -- what drug were you responsible for promoting at that time?

Q. Do you remember the name of the drug?

Q. And then what caused you to leave Shionogi?

Q. Sure. So your contract ended then.

Q. Is that because the sales of the drug were not meeting expectations?

Q. And during the -- during the -- let's go back to the time that you were with Pfizer and King Pharmaceuticals. Were you assigned to the Tri-Cities area during that time?

Q. And you were assigned to the Tri-Cities area for your inVentiv Health position, too, correct?

Q. And you were assigned to the Tri-Cities area for the Shionogi contracts?

Q. And what about the Dover Pharmaceuticals position?

Q. That's a big territory.

Q. And then were you out of work from January of this year through the position that you started this week?

Q. So if I'm adding up the time correctly, you've had about 27 years worth of work in the pharmaceutical industry; is that correct?

Q. With the vast majority of that time covering the Tri-Cities area; is that fair to say?

Q. What drugs were you promoting for Pfizer and King Pharmaceuticals?

Q. Was that the -- I notice on your Linkedln profile you note that you had a pain specialty during your time with Pfizer and King Pharmaceuticals.

Q. Was that the pain specialty drug that you were promoting, Skelaxin?

Q. What is Avinza?

Q. So it's an opioid controlled substance; is that fair to say?

Q. How long did you promote Avinza?

Q. And did you promote that in the Tri-Cities area?

Q. Did you call on pain management doctors in the Tri-Cities area during that time?

Q. And during your time with inVentiv Health, you called on pain management doctors in the Tri-Cities area, correct?

Q. And are there any other times, other than those two roles, that you called upon pain management doctors in the Tri-Cities area?

Q. That's another opioid, correct?

Q. And you promoted that to pain management doctors in the Tri-Cities area?

Q. Apart to today, have you ever given another deposition?

Q. How many times have you been deposed?

Q. In what capacity?

Q. Did somebody have an adverse reaction?

Q. And then they sued Sandoz for the personal injury?

Q. And then you got deposed as part of that lawsuit?

Q. Do you remember the name of the plaintiff?

Q. Do you remember -- was Sandoz the only defendant, to your knowledge?

Q. Do you remember the name of the lawyer that deposed you?

Q. Any other depositions that you can remember giving?

Q. And was that an outgrowth of the events that gave rise to your termination?

Q. But you were deposed as a witness in that whistle-blower lawsuit?

Q. And i *Redacted - EPI i was the defendant in that case?

Q. Any other defendants that you're aware of?

Q. Do you remember the name of the plaintiff in that case?

Q. Do you remember the name of the lawyer who deposed you?

Q. Do you remember the lawyer who defended you?

Q. Approximately when was the deposition in the whistle-blower lawsuit?

Q. And do you know the result of that lawsuit? i .

Q. Was there an allegation that you had been involved in the off-label promotion?

Q. As part of that, did you have an interview with the Department of Justice?

Q. As part of that, did you have to retain your own attorney?

Q. Do you know if you were ever -- did you ever receive a target letter from the Department of Justice that you were the target of a criminal investigation?

Q. Let's go back to the time when you were working for inVentiv Health. According to your Linkedln profile, it states that you were with inVentiv Health from December of 2013 to October of 2014; is that correct?

Q. And you were engaged in the launch of Xartemis; is that correct?

Q. Xartemis. And you also, I believe, had responsibility for promoting Pennsaid; is that correct?

Q. Other than those two drugs, were you promoting anything else during your time with inVentiv Health?

Q. And you understand that Xartemis and Exalgo are opioids, correct?

Q. And Pennsaid is not an opioid but it treats migraine headaches; is that fair to say?

Q. Would you promote Pennsaid to the same prescriber writers that you were promoting Xartemis and Exalgo to?

Q. And all three of those are drugs made by Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. But the two opioids that you promoted, those were made by Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Do you know -- is inVentiv Health owned by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you know how inVentiv Health came to be promoters of those two opioid drugs for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Were you a contract employee with inVentiv Health or were you a W-2 employee?

Q. And during that time you were given

Q. We'll look at some e-mails that might refresh your recollection.

Q. But if you had the e-mail address of @mallinckrodt.com --

Q. -- would that suggest to you that you were carrying a Mallinckrodt e-mail address during that time?

Q. Did you have a separate inVentiv Health e-mail address?

Q. Did you search for any documents in preparation for today's deposition?

Q. Did you keep any of the e-mails on like a personal e-mail for your time with inVentiv Health?

Q. Did you have a smart phone during that time?

Q. And would that have sent your company e-mail to your cell phone during that time?

Q. Well, not professional e-mails.

Q. Do you recall who you reported to during your time with inVentiv Health?

Q. And was it your understanding that he was a Mallinckrodt employee?

Q. Did you have a separate manager at inVentiv Health during that time?

Q. Who was that?

Q. What was your territory for inVentiv Health?

Q. And is that true for your entire time with inVentiv Health?

Q. Do you know why you switched over from promoting the Mallinckrodt products to the women's health products during that time period?

Q. And then it looks like there was about a three or four-month gap before you started in the promotion of the women's health product; is that fair to say?

Q. And what was that product?

Q. And what does it do?

Q. And I assume that you then started calling on different physicians than for your work promoting Mallinckrodt products; is that fair to say?

Q. I imagine you call on a lot of OB-GYN doctors; is that fair?

Q. Was there any reason where you might call on a pain management doctor to promote that product?

Q. Other than OB-GYN doctors, did you call on any other doctors in promotion of Osphena?

Q. That was also in the Tri-Cities area, correct?

Q. When you were promoting the Mallinckrodt products, did you keep a -- like a personal notebook of the doctors that you visited each day?

Q. How would you track who you called upon?

Q. And was that, to your knowledge, an inVentiv Health database or is that something that Mallinckrodt maintained?

Q. And did they give you the iPad that you were using?

Q. Did the iPad also allow you to check your e-mail?

Q. And then if I'm the following your testimony correctly, you would use the iPad to record --

Q. -- who you visited and what you talked about that day, right?

Q. And then you would load it into some sort of app, I assume.

Q. What doctors do you specifically recall visiting in Tennessee for your time at inVentiv Health when you were promoting Mallinckrodt products?

Q. Is there any doctor specifically that you recall?

Q. Any other doctors that you specifically recall seeing?

Q. Did you call on Dr. Mohamed?

Q. Did it surprise you to learn that Dr. Mohamed got federally indicted?

Q. When did you learn that Dr. Mohamed had been federally indicted?

Q. And that was the first time you recall receiving information that Dr. Mohamed had been federally indicted?

Q. What is your understanding of why he was federally indicted?

Q. Do you know if that had anything to do with him improperly writing prescriptions for opioids?

Q. Would it surprise you to learn that it had something to do with him improperly prescribing opioids?

Q. How often do you recall calling on Dr. Mohamed?

Q. And is it fair to say, when I say calling upon the doctor, you would physically go to their office, right?

Q. Would you take them to lunch if they were available?

Q. Yes, I'm sorry. So when I say take out to lunch, I mean basically have lunch. You would have lunch with them if they were available, right?

Q. And inVentiv Health or Mallinckrodt would pay for lunch, correct?

Q. And you would bring in the lunch to feed not only the prescriber but other people in the office, right?

Q. And I'm sure you've done that throughout your 25-year career. That's a very customary thing in the pharmaceutical sales --

Q. -- industry, right?

Q. I need a yes. I'm sorry.

Q. Well, you gave an uh-huh.

Q. And I'm sorry, but the blessed court reporter here really struggles with taking down the huh-uhs and the uh-uhs. So I try to get a yes or a no.

Q. I'm not trying to be rude. I'm just trying to get a clear record. But just for a clear record, during your 25 years in the pharmaceutical sales industry, it's very customary for pharmaceutical reps to bring lunch in to doctors, have the company pay for that and feed the doctors and staff at the clinics you're calling upon, correct?

Q. You can answer.

Q. Is it fair to say that you have been working for over 20 years in promotion of pharmaceutical products in and around the Tri-Cities area?

Q. During that time, have you ever done any independent research as to the opioid problems in this state?

Q. Did you ever independently research information from the Tennessee Department of Health about the use of -- the use and misuse of opioids in the state of Tennessee?

Q. Based on your prior testimony, is it fair to say that you had, during your time, come across news articles about opioid misuse in the state of Tennessee?

Q. How often would you see those?

Q. When you were working for inVentiv Health in promoting Mallinckrodt products, did you receive training on identifying potential sources of opioid diversion?

Q. And what training specifically did you receive from Mallinckrodt to be able to identify suspicious activity at the clinics that you called upon?

Q. I don't understand that. What do you mean by it falls within the labeling of the medicine?

Q. And I understand that that relates to the product label that's carried for Exalgo and Xartemis.

Q. But my question is about the training that you received to be able to identify suspicious activity within the clinics that you called upon. What training do you specifically recall receiving?

Q. Do you recall that you would occasionally have training modules that you took in order to learn about the drugs that you were promoting for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And there would be times when you were supposed to take those training modules, correct?

Q. Was there ever a training module that was dedicated, to the best of your recollection, to identifying suspicious activities going on at the clinics that you called upon?

Q. Do you recall any of the sales -- I'm sorry. Strike that. Do you recall any of the training modules that you looked at during your time with inVentiv Health promoting Mallinckrodt products?

Q. And what is that?

Q. And when you were promoting Mallinckrodt products through your work with inVentiv Health, what was your understanding of what opioid abuse is?

Q. What was your understanding of what that meant?

Q. When you worked at inVentiv Health promoting Mallinckrodt products, what was your understanding of what opioid addiction was?

Q. I don't mean to be rude, sir, but are you done with that answer?

Q. Did you receive material from Mallinckrodt about how you were supposed to address doctors' concerns about opioid addiction?

Q. What do you recall receiving?

Q. And that's what the medical liaison team was for and then they would interact with the physician, correct?

Q. Were you ever given a specific script as to what to tell writers when they raised concerns about opioid addiction?

Q. Do you recall ever receiving information regarding the C.A.R.E.S. Alliance?

Q. Are you aware or did you see in the news that Mallinckrodt recently paid $24 million in

Q. Do you know of that?

Q. Would it surprise you to learn that that was true?

Q. Why would it surprise you?

Q. I want to talk a little bit more about the day-to-day activity that you did in promoting Mallinckrodt products through your work with inVentiv Health. I know that we talked about how you would visit and call upon physicians and other writers at their clinics; is that fair to say?

Q. How did you determine what writers to call upon?

Q. Do you know how Mallinckrodt generated that list?

Q. And so if I'm understanding your testimony correctly, Mallinckrodt would take prescription information about who was prescribing opioids and then give you a list as to the doctors you were supposed to target in promotion of opioids on behalf of Mallinckrodt; is that fair?

Q. Do you have -- were you ever involved in generating that target list?

Q. How would you receive your target list?

Q. Do you know what prescription data Mallinckrodt used to generate those target lists?

Q. Does the term IMS Health data ring any bell for you?

Q. Given your 25 years of experience in pharmaceutical sales, what is your understanding of what IMS Health data is?

Q. And is it your understanding that it shows -- that IMS Health data would identify the writers of prescriptions, correct?

Q. I keep using the term writers of prescriptions because that could be physicians, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, correct?

Q. There's a number of people in the American health care system that have the capacity to write a prescription; is that fair to say?

Q. So when I use the term prescription writers throughout the day, I'm talking about that sort of universe of people who have legal authorization to write a prescription; is that fair?

Q. And you are familiar with that concept.

Q. And you know that when you call upon a clinic, it might not be the physician who writes the prescriptions for the patients there. It could be the physician assistant or nurse practitioner, correct?

Q. And part of your role as a promoter of drugs is to identify who is making that -- who is writing that prescription, right?

Q. A big part of your job, right?

Q. We've talked about in-person visits, but describe to me every other way that you would have interacted with physicians and prescriber writers during your time with inVentiv Health.

Q. So you weren't responsible for putting together any speaker events?

Q. You weren't responsible for putting together any webinars?

Q. You -- did you ever do follow-up phone calls with your -- the writers that you were calling upon?

Q. Do you recall what products you were trying to displace in the opioid market in Tennessee with your promotion of Exalgo and Xartemis?

Q. I don't mean to be rude, but are you done?

Q. So when you say acute pain, what do you mean?

Q. So one example of that would be somebody who has had a major surgery. In the period following their major surgery they have pretty acute pain, correct?

Q. Was part of your promotion of Exalgo and Xartemis to try to educate physicians as to how those products were better than some of the generic opioids that were on the market?

Q. What were the messages you were told to deliver to physicians to encourage them to write prescriptions for Exalgo and Xartemis?

Q. I'll hand you a document that we will mark as Exhibit 4. This is some e-mail correspondence from April of 2014 in a document that was produced to us, along with an attachment. The first Bates stamp record of this document is MNK TNSTA02072172. Do you see that it's e-mail correspondence from April of 2014?

Q. And I understand that you're not on this e-mail, but do you see that there's an attachment to it of a PowerPoint, Opioid Safe Use Initiatives?

Q. You do see that. And then attached is the PowerPoint presentation that -- and do you see that the title of the PowerPoint presentation is Responsible Use of Opioid Pain Medications. Do you see that?

Q. And then if you flip to Page 7 there is a chart. Are you with me?

Q. And the chart is entitled Oxycodone Abuse Patterns: Oral, Snorting, IV. Do you see that?

Q. And it has a chart showing the various ways that Oxycodone can be abused, either orally, snorting, smoked, injected or other. Do you see that?

Q. And you would agree with me that the highest column here is the oral abuse pattern, correct?

Q. When you were at Mallinckrodt, were you trained or do you recall receiving information about the ways in which people abused Oxycodone?

Q. So is it fair to say that while you were working with Mallinckrodt you had an understanding that people abused Oxycodone both orally, snorting it, smoking it and injecting it?

Q. And was it your understanding at the time you were promoting Mallinckrodt opioids that oral opioid abuse was the most common form of abuse?

Q. And then flip to Page 10 of this PowerPoint presentation, and you'll see that it's entitled Xartemis XR Abuse-Deterrent Technology: Physical Properties Following Tampering. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And then it does a comparison between Xartemis and Percocet as to how easily it can be broke down into granule level. Do you see that?

Q. And then it also talks about how "Heating of Xartemis XR resulted in a sticky, gummy substance that prevented grinding into powder." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Were these the types of messages that you were trained to deliver to physicians in your promotion of Xartemis?

Q. You weren't told to promote Xartemis' abuse-deterrent technology?

Q. Did you have an understanding about the abuse-deterrent characteristics of Xartemis when you worked for inVentiv Health?

Q. In your meeting yesterday -- and again, I don't want to know what was said with counsel, but did you review any of the deposition transcripts in this case?

Q. Did you talk with Eric Hichman at all about this case?

Q. When was the last time you talked to Eric Hichman?

Q. I'm going to hand you a document that we'll mark as Exhibit 5. .

Q. Do you see this is e-mail correspondence between you and Todd Druen in January of 2014?

Q. And then do you see that your e-mail address at this time is Mark.Pugh@mallinckrodt.com?

Q. Does this refresh your recollection as to what your e-mail address was at this time?

Q. I want to go to the first e-mail in this string, which is an e-mail between you and Dan Polesovsky. Do you remember Mr. Polesovsky?

Q. So if you flip to the second page of this e-mail, it's on the back of the document that you have, it's an e-mail from you to Dan and it says, "It's good to be on board with Mallinckrodt/inVentiv and remember my journey here started with you. I wanted to thank you for any confidence or endorsement you may have had for me."

Q. Okay. But it appears, and maybe I'm misunderstanding the e-mail correspondence, but that at least at this point in time Mr. Polesovsky was the district sales manager for Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals.

Q. But it sounds like, from your testimony, you likely worked with him during your time with Novartis.

Q. And your first e-mail here goes on to say, "For now I'm trying to track down some target data for the old East Tennessee territory that I am in now." Do you see that?

Q. Did I read that correctly?

Q. You asked him to send you the data, right?

Q. Do you recall why you would have been asking him to send you this data?

Q. And Mr. Polesovsky replies to you on the next page, "Mark, congrats and welcome to the Mallinckrodt family. I'm glad that we finally got you on board. I will send you over a list of current prescribers for Exalgo and Pennsaid when I get a chance to pull it up in IMS later." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And that reference to IMS is that IMS data that we talked about earlier, correct?

Q. How did you know to go to Dan to get this information?

Q. And so then you forward the data to -- to Todd Druen. Do you see that?

Q. And then in that e-mail, when you're forwarding it to Todd you say, "The pain market is a tough market and getting tougher, especially in East Tennessee." Do you see that?

Q. Did I read that correctly?

Q. And you go on to state, "The new laws were created with this area in mind because you get a lot of drug seekers that come down from Southwest Virginia and Kentucky. A few years ago the drug problem in Southwest Virginia was so bad it made national news and a number of doctors went to jail. Anyway, I'm trying to gather as much information as I can in preparation for Exalgo and Xartemis." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So it looks like as early as January of 2014 you were aware that there was drug diversion going on in East Tennessee, right?

Q. Well, I understand that, but you also say that these people were coming to Tennessee in order to get their drugs, right?

Q. And that there were some new laws that were created and that was making it harder and tougher for the drug market -- or the opioid market in East Tennessee, right?

Q. And you were aware of that as early as January of 2014, right?

Q. And then Todd responded to you, "Thanks for the background. I was aware of the history of the territory and Eric Hichman informed me that you had interviewed before." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And it says, "You have a leg up because of your contacts and already established credibility in the territory." Did I read that correctly?

Q. What he's referencing there is the fact that you have been a pharmaceutical sales representative in this territory for a long period of time and that doctors and prescribers would know you.

Q. And Mallinckrodt was hoping that they could leverage your reputation in order to promote Exalgo and Xartemis to the doctors that you were calling on, correct?

Q. And then Todd says in this e-mail, "I'm looking forward to seeing what you can do with this territory because it has only one direction to go at this point." Did I read that correctly?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. And that was because Eric Hichman at that time was living in Asheville, correct?

Q. When he says that the territory only has one direction to go at this point, he means that the territory is not doing well and it can go up, correct?

Q. And that was your understanding when you received this e-mail from Todd Druen in January of 2014, correct?

Q. What were some of the headwinds that you were experiencing in Tennessee that you experienced while you were trying to promote Exalgo and Xartemis?

Q. Well, I think you made a couple of statements today about how Exalgo wasn't doing very well and Xartemis wasn't doing very well. I assume that given your robust experience in this area in the pharmaceutical industry --

Q. -- you have an understanding as to what the headwinds were in promoting sales for those two drugs, and I'm asking you what was your experience.

Q. When you say in this area, you mean pain management doctors in the Tri-Cities area?

Q. Did you ever have discussions specifically with those physicians as to what their hiccup was with the 24-hour treatment that Exalgo offered?

Q. And is that your recollection specifically of what physicians were relaying about their hiccup with using Exalgo?

Q. When you were promoting Exalgo and Xartemis to pain management clinics in Tennessee, would you leave them material on the product?

Q. What would you leave?

Q. Anything else you recall?

Q. And just for the record, will you please explain what a copay card is?

Q. And it does that because when the patient presents at the pharmacy they can provide the pharmacist the copay card and the copay card will cover some portion of that out-of-pocket expense for the patient, correct?

Q. And the reason why the pharmaceutical industry does that is because it's successful in encouraging people to fill their prescriptions, right?

Q. And that's to encourage the patient to fill the brand name prescription.

Q. And that's successful throughout the industry, and that's why you have seen it throughout your 20-plus year career in the industry, correct?

Q. I'll hand you a document that we'll mark as Exhibit 6. .

Q. Just so you know, sir, all of the documents that I will hand you today are front and back. We are trying to be kind of nice to trees.

Q. So I know that you have kind of looked for some material. Sometimes it's on the back of the document.

Q. This is some more e-mail correspondence from Todd Druen to various people from April of 2014, including yourself. Do you see that you're a recipient of this?

Q. And it's forwarding an e-mail entitled "Success." Do you see that?

Q. And if you flip -- it's a long sort of e-mail chain, but flip to the second page of the document you have there, sir, and it starts with an e-mail from Jen Elmquist to Michael Abbey. Do you see that?

Q. And it says, "I called on Dr. Weigo Zhao today . After our initial greeting I asked him if he would like it if I could make Percocet last longer." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And she goes on to tell about how that was a successful question and that he wrote a prescription for Xartemis right there that day. Do you see that?

Q. And then it also notes that there was a leaving of a copay card for the patient that was prescribed that product, correct?

Q. And then eventually this e-mail chain winds its way around to Todd Druen who forwards it to you and Krishnan Paranjothi. Do you see that?

Q. She is the person who forwards it to Todd. Do you see that?

Q. And she says, "I really like the story below as Jen asks a physician a great question. How would you like it if I could make Percocet last longer?" Did I read that correctly?

Q. And then Todd forwards it to the people under him to say that this is a good question to engage the physician, right?

Q. Do you ever recall using this script with a physician about "How would you like it if I could make Percocet last longer?"

Q. Is it fair to say -- Todd was your supervise at the time, right?

Q. He was the district manager in charge of Mallinckrodt sales for the Tennessee area, correct?

Q. And that included your territory, right?

Q. That included Eric Hichman's territory, right?

Q. So if your district manager says, "Hey, this is good, this is something you should try out," do you think that you would have followed his instruction?

Q. Does this refresh your recollection that part of the Xartemis promotion activity was to try to displace Percocet in the opioid market in Tennessee?

Q. And one way to do that would be to switch over doctors from using Percocet to Xartemis.

Q. And that's because at this time there were a number of prescription opioids on the market, right?

Q. Including a lot of generic alternatives, correct?

Q. Do you recall during this time period what the generic opioids that Mallinckrodt was manufacturing?

Q. Were you aware that they had a generic footprint in the state of Tennessee in the opioid market?

Q. I just handed you a document that we marked as Exhibit 7. This is additional e-mail correspondence between you and Todd Druen from May of 2014. Do you see that?

Q. And it's passing along a story from Eric Hichman to Todd Druen regarding a visit that he had with Asheville Orthopedics. Do you see that?

Q. And if you see Mr. Hichman's e-mail, the second paragraph beginning "additionally," do you see that?

Q. It says, "Additionally, I was informed that for the patients that they are concerned about regarding possible misuse of their pain medicines, they will also specify on the prescription that the patient is not allowed to pick up their medication until the day before surgery." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And then Todd forwards this to the sales team and he says, "I am passing a great e-mail from Eric Hichman regarding a lunch and a few items that might help you." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And he says, "Eric is spot on that the T0C is vital and follows the account-based selling model that we should be using in the surgical specialty offices. Uncover the vital information about key physicians and do not assume who the primary contact is in the office. In the case below it was not the physician as much as the PA. I like what the offices did regarding the prescription to be written during pre-op but not allowing the patient to pick it up until the day before the surgery." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And then you reply to Todd and Eric, "Great job, Eric. That's exactly my finding as well. We are in a major discovery phase with our surgeons. We need to dig deeper and find out new info every time we come to see our docs." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And this e-mail is doing a couple of things. First, we've talked a little bit about this earlier where it's important to know the people that you are calling upon and specifically the people who are actually writing the prescriptions within the clinic, right?

Q. And Eric is talking about how he's had success because he's correctly identified that the person writing the prescription is not the physician but the -- but the physician's assistant that was working with the physician, right?

Q. And he has this interesting statement about how they were prescribing opioids to people that they were concerned about misusing those opioids, right?

Q. And that that clinic had a process in place to only allow those people that they thought might be misusing the drug to pick it up the day before their surgery, right?

Q. And Todd, your manager at Mallinckrodt, thought that that was a good idea, right?

Q. And then you reply that you are finding -- these are my exact findings as well, right?

Q. And then are you saying that your exact findings were -- that it was important to locate those actual writers within the clinic, or are you saying that your findings that your doctors were also using this technique about only allowing those people who are suspect of misusing their pain medicines to pick them up the day before the surgery?

Q. Did you ever come across physicians that were also concerned that their patients were misusing the pain medicines that they were receiving and then develop strategies in which to prescribe them opioids?

Q. Sure. Did you ever come across physicians that were also concerned that their patients were misusing pain medications and that they developed strategies in which to still prescribe them opioids?

Q. Does that cause you concern at all when you hear about a physician thinking that his patients were misusing pain medicines and the physician was still prescribing that person opioids?

Q. And I understand that, but did it cause you any concern when you read this e-mail to hear about physicians thinking that they had patients misusing pain medicines but that the physician was still prescribing that person an opioid?

Q. But if you go back to the e-mail that Eric Hichman sends to Todd Druen, that's exactly what the physician is doing here, right?

Q. It says Eric Hichman is reporting that he saw -- was informed that there were doctors that had patients that "they are concerned about regarding possible misuse of their pain medicines, they will also specify on the prescription that the patient is not allowed to pick up their medication until the day before the surgery," right? I read that correctly.

Q. That's what's stated in this e-mail.

Q. And so the pain medication that this physician is prescribing is an opioid product made by Mallinckrodt, right?

Q. Otherwise Eric Hichman wouldn't be talking to Todd Druen about it, right?

Q. And so here you have a sales representative for Mallinckrodt informing superiors at Mallinckrodt that there are doctors out there who are concerned that patients are misusing pain medications but they are still prescribing them opioid products made by Mallinckrodt, right?

Q. Sure.

Q. But there's nothing in that paragraph that causes you concern as you sit here today?

Q. You have just been handed a document that we've marked as Exhibit 8. We see that this is some e-mail correspondence from July of 2014. Do you see that?

Q. And you're not on the final e-mail, but you're on the e-mail leading up to this. Do you see that, an e-mail from July of 2014 between Todd Druen and a lot of his sales staff? Do you see that?

Q. Do you know who Stacy Chick is?

Q. Did you talk to her in preparation for today's deposition?

Q. Did you review her deposition transcript?

Q. So this is forwarding an e-mail from Kim Gawart. Do you know who Kim Gawart is?

Q. And it says, "North Central Momentum." Does that term mean anything to you?

Q. And then in there she says, "We currently are the last region in the country in terms of TRx volume." Do you see that sentence there in that e-mail?

Q. Is TRx volume, I assume, is prescription volume.

Q. Do you know what TRx specifically stands for?

Q. So and then Todd Druen forwards this to you and to his sales team that he's responsible for, right? Do you see that?

Q. So he says about halfway through that e-mail, "To make progress we need to identify opportunities and address our obstacles in a positive manner. Focus on driving business on each call and assess the call on an ongoing basis whether it's an important account or not. I'm here to support you while you're on the road to progress. Ultimately our individual territory goal is 10 scripts per week and to win the Q4 regional contest." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And then he says, "I look forward to seeing the Nashville District climb the national rank as we make our way to No. 1." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So this is internal e-mail correspondence with Mallinckrodt sales representatives where they are encouraging salespeople to make opioid sales and to kind of beat the competition in the other divisions, right?

Q. And when he says that we are going to win the Q4 regional contest, do you remember the regional contest for Quarter 4 of 2014?

Q. You, I assume, received incentive-based compensation, correct?

Q. And were you paid for your time at inVentiv Health promoting Mallinckrodt products both

Q. Do you recall receiving a bonus?

Q. And do you recall what your bonus was?

Q. And to the best of your recollection, other than the number of prescriptions that were written by writers in your service territory, was there any other factor that went into that incentive-based compensation?

Q. But you do remember the fact that the number of prescriptions written in your geographic territory was a factor --

Q. -- in your incentive-based compensation plan, right?

Q. And that's customary across the industry, right?

Q. Sales representatives receive incentive-based compensation --

Q. -- based on the number of prescriptions that are written by the writers in their territory.

Q. And part of the way that that was tracked is that IMS Health data that we have been talking about, correct?

Q. That e-mail that we just looked at, Exhibit 8, was that kind of the beginning stages of maybe what you might consider the company kind of realizing that Xartemis was under-performing?

Q. And there was concern that the sales goals were not going to be met.

Q. Was there an understanding, at least on your part, that if you exceeded the sales goals, if you will, the contract would be extended?

Q. So when you were promoting Mallinckrodt products through your work at inVentiv Health, it was your understanding that it was supposed to be a two-year contract.

Q. And then it got terminated early, and that's why you eventually left and then eventually moved over to that women's specialty.

Q. I'll hand you a document that we've marked as Exhibit 9. This is e-mail correspondence from Kim Gawart again, August of 2014, to a whole host of people. I'll represent to you that you are one of the people listed. If you are looking for you, you're about six lines up from the bottom in the middle. Do you see that?

Q. And is it safe to say that this e-mail is addressed to the nationwide sales force for Mallinckrodt? There are a lot of people on this e-mail.

Q. And then it's CC'ed, again, to Stacy Chick. Do you see that?

Q. And it says, "Growth Week Over Week in Prescribers and TRx QTD." Did I read that correctly? That's the subject of the e-mail.

Q. What is TRx QTD?

Q. And so this is an example of an e-mail of executives at Mallinckrodt tracking weekly prescription rates through each quarter for Mallinckrodt products, right?

Q. Very customary in the industry to use kind of weekly sales data to inform the sales force. Is that what you are saying?

Q. And it says, "North Central Momentum, congratulations to everyone in the region who had an increase in both number of prescribers and TRx's in the most recent data week for the district contest. Special congratulations to everyone in Blue. You are in double digit TRx's. This is where we all need to be. We are growing. Let's keep our focus on surgeons, getting XXR into their process, and expanding the types of cases they will use Xartemis XR for." Did I read that correctly?

Q. When you received this e-mail in August of 2014, what did you -- what did you take Ms. Gawart to mean when she said "expanding the types of cases they will use Xartemis XR for"?

Q. And was there a push at some point to target more of the orthopedic surgeons for Xartemis prescriptions than just your general pain management doctors?

Q. Do you know when that switch over took place? Was it from the beginning? Did it happen halfway along? Obviously I think it's going on here in August of 2014 based on this e-mail. What is your recollection?

Q. And it launches -- when you say second quarter of launch, which would be the third quarter of 2014 --

Q. -- correct? Do you know what the instigator of the switch over was?

Q. So if I'm understanding your testimony, there was a process in place to continue the education of the pain medicine doctors that treated chronic pain, correct?

Q. And part of the emphasis in the -- impetus for that was that those who were treating acute pain would often go to the chronic pain management doctors for help in treating acute pain; is that fair?

Q. I'll hand you another document that we'll mark as Exhibit 10. .

Q. This is more e-mail correspondence from August of 2014. This one -- and I'll represent to you that you are also on this e-mail. You are about halfway down at the very far right of the page. This one comes from Robyn Coleman who carries an @inventivhealth.com e-mail address. Do you see that?

Q. Do you remember who Robyn Coleman is?

Q. Got it. And I think that you had testified earlier that your supervisor at inVentiv Health was from the HR side. Is this that supervisor?

Q. So is that a yes?

Q. So she also puts the importance on this e-mail as high. Do you see that on the first page?

Q. And the subject is, "inVentiv/Mallinckrodt XXR Sales Execution & Expectations Call Today." Do you see that?

Q. So this is a two or three-page e-mail. She says, kind of the second to last paragraph beginning "Tom also." Do you see that?

Q. "Tom also touched on the fact that some of you may be hearing things in the field concerning your Mallinckrodt counterparts. As Tom reinforced, that information is specific to Mallinckrodt employees. For co-employment reasons, that is not a topic that will be discussed. The new sales goals, though, are shared by both inVentiv and Mallinckrodt." Did I read that paragraph correctly?

Q. Do you recall -- do you have a memory of when you received this e-mail of what you thought she meant by hearing things in the field concerning your Mallinckrodt counterparts?

Q. Got it. So and then one of the things that -- flip back to the first page of the e-mail, and it's summarizing a call that took place with Tom Bonk, the head of the -- the national business director.

Q. And it summarizes that call that took place around this time. Do you see that?

Q. I'm sorry?

Q. All right. And it says, "Below are the key points from the call today." Do you see that?

Q. And it says, "The execution of your plan is critical for success." Did I read that --

Q. And then it has several bulleted items. One of them is, "Follow your DM's direction concerning the promotional strategy for XXR." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And the reference there to district manager -- I'm sorry. DM is for district manager, right?

Q. So the first thing about executing the sales strategy was to follow the directions from your district manager, right?

Q. And that would be Todd Druen for you, correct?

Q. And then it says, "Focus on your new target list and the opportunities for XXR sales." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Does that suggest to you that you got a new target list in August of 2014?

Q. And it says, "High call activity on your targets to increase writers and those writing to increase their volume where appropriate for the appropriate patient." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So, again, you're getting pressure from your -- from your higher ups, your supervisors, to continue to promote XXR with the hope of increasing sales of that product, right?

Q. And it says -- skipping down a couple of bulleted items it says, "Develop key accounts. We know from those successful with XXR that account selling is key factor in XXR sales results." Did I read that correctly?

Q. XXR is a reference to Xartemis, right?

Q. What does it mean by account selling?

Q. And that's the reference to account selling?

Q. And then it sets the Xartemis XR sales expectations for the immediate future. Do you see that in the e-mail? It's the bolded bullet point item.

Q. And then it says that the goal is to get 30 total prescriptions by the end of August, 60 by the end of September. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know if you ever achieved those results?

Q. But the people who are setting these goals thought that that was achievable so long as the target lists were followed, the district manager's promotional strategy was executed and you would sort of have your face time and in-person meetings with your target list, correct?

Q. I just handed you a document that we will mark as Exhibit 11, which is e-mail correspondence from, again, August of 2014 from Robyn Coleman to a variety of people, including you. Your e-mail address is, again, kind of about halfway down the far right of the page. Again, this is an inVentivHealth.com e-mail from Robyn Coleman to what appears to be the Mallinckrodt sales team. Do you see that?

Q. And it attaches -- do you see that it has an attachment? Right here, sir, at the bottom of this e-mail, it says, "Attachments: Orthopedic Profile Final."

Q. And that suggests to you that there's an attachment to this e-mail, right?

Q. And I'll represent to you that the attachment is what the -- follows.

Q. And the subject is, "New Training Exercise," correct?

Q. And then I know we talked about this earlier, but you would go through several training modules when you first sort of on-boarded to familiarize yourself with the pharmaceutical you would be promoting, correct?

Q. And this is one of those -- this would be an example of one of those training modules, right?

Q. And the purpose of the training module was to educate you on the drug, correct?

Q. Sure. That's what this training module does, but I'm talking about sort of writ large the purpose of the training is to help you familiarize yourself with the drug, right?

Q. Familiarize yourself with the disease state that it's supposed to treat, correct?

Q. And then familiarize yourself with the physician's practice so that you would have an understanding of how the physician or writer could utilize the drug in his or her practice, right?

Q. And so this particular training module is geared toward educating you about orthopedic surgeons. You would agree with that, correct?

Q. And then typically if you were forwarded one of these, you would -- you would review it, right?

Q. And, in fact, Robyn Coleman tells you in the cover e-mail to this, "Do yourself a huge favor, make these modules a priority," right?

Q. And it says that, "You will be better prepared to access, close and follow up with your accounts after reviewing the modules. So don't put it off. Increased success is just a module away," correct?

Q. So this is her encouraging you to do the modules because it would help with sales, right?

Q. So flip back to Page 34 of the PowerPoint presentation, which also carries a Bates stamp of MMK TNSTA08524372. Do you see that?

Q. And this is a chart entitled, "Orthopedic TRx - National." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And I think your testimony earlier was TRx stands for total prescriptions, right?

Q. And this chart apparently covers the period from January 2013 through June of 2014, right?

Q. And the e-mail is sent in August of 2014, and so if they have IMS data from June of 2014 --

Q. -- that suggests to you that IMS Health data is available for recent prescriptions, right?

Q. So you see here that this chart is apparently tracking the total health prescriptions for orthopedic surgeons across the country in a given month, correct?

Q. And it shows, for example, in March -- I'm sorry. In January of 2013 that the total prescriptions for orthopedics for the opioids listed was 1.4 million. Do you see that, or approximately that?

Q. And then the note for this chart says, "This is a national overview of all orthopedic physicians which includes both targets and non-targets." Did I read that correctly?

Q. The reference to targets and non-targets is a reference to the people that you are targeting for your sales and the folks that you are not targeting; is that fair to say?

Q. That's what I'm getting at.

Q. Got it, and that's what I'm getting at. The reference to targets and non-targets is a reference to the fact that some of the groups incorporated in this data you are targeting --

Q. -- and some of them you are not targeting.

Q. The note goes on to say, "This 18-month view from January of 2013 to June of 2014 is for all TRx's written on opioid products within this practice profile." Did I read that correctly?

Q. "While your targeted physicians will likely vary from these percentages, it is critical to your success to uncover what procedures each of your physicians write these products for so you can best position Xartemis XR for success." Did I read that correctly?

Q. "You can see from any given month a predominance or preference in their writing habits." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So, again, you are trained as a pharmaceutical sales rep, and part of that training is pulling that IMS Health data to inform you on how to promote these products to physicians, correct?

Q. Fair enough. And so the IMS Health data is used to help you understand who the doctors to target for promotion activity, correct?

Q. Sure. And this data, according to this chart, is only for orthopedic surgeons, right?

Q. Orthopedic TRx National, right?

Q. And so does its concern you that for one single month, one single practice group is writing 1.4 million prescriptions for opioids in this country?

Q. And that presumably does not encompass other major opioid writers like pain management doctors, correct?

Q. Would you have completed this module when you were given it by your supervisor?

Q. I'll hand you a document that we'll mark as Exhibit 12. We talked earlier a little bit about the headwinds that you might have faced in getting writers to write scripts for Mallinckrodt's branded opioids. Was one of those headwinds the fact that those branded opioids were not covered on all commercial insurance plans?

Q. And would you agree with me that the -- that BlueCross BlueShield not covering Xartemis was a headwind in trying to get physicians to write scripts for it?

Q. And then within pharmaceutical companies there's typically a segment that interacts with those managed care providers like BlueCross

Q. -- who -- and then they attempt to get the company's products listed on those managed care plans; is that fair?

Q. And that's what this e-mail correspondence is about, right? It begins with an e-mail from Shannon Kelly to Todd Druen, who is your supervisor, and she is apparently preparing for a BlueCross BlueShield of Tennessee meeting, right?

Q. And she says, "In preparation for my meeting with BCBST, could you provide me with a few names of targeted customers with BSBS that are advocates for Xartemis XR?" Did I read that correctly?

Q. Sure. And so here you see the folks at Mallinckrodt who are trying to get that branded opioid on a BlueCross BlueShield plan reaching out to the sales team to help that interaction with the physicians who are writing scripts for that drug, right?

Q. That's very common, right?

Q. And so then you reply with this story about one of your writers in Bristol, Tennessee, a physician's assistant, Derrick Rhoton?

Q. Rhoton. Do you know what practice Mr. Rhoton was with at the time?

Q. And then you provide an example of one of their patients having complaints that Percocet wasn't lasting long enough and then they switched over to Xartemis, right?

Q. So again, this is another example where you're trying to use Xartemis as a longer-lasting version of Percocet to solve some of these pain management complaints for these orthopedic surgeons, right?

Q. And then Todd Druen takes your e-mail and then forwards it on to Shannon Kelly as a response to her request for these types of interactions with physicians, right?

Q. And again, this is very customary, not only at Mallinckrodt but across the industry. When new drugs come out, you try to get them on these managed care formularies so that they are covered and you get more scripts for them, correct?

Q. They cover me and my family. I'm going to hand you Exhibit 13. .

Q. And you will see -- I think that it starts off with an e-mail from September 25th and it attaches this Field Coaching Report. Do you see that?

Q. I'm sorry. I need a yes or a no.

Q. And it apparently is kind of a summary of a field visit that Todd Druen did with you on September 22nd and September 23rd, right?

Q. And was this the only time that Mr. Druen went out in the field with you promoting Mallinckrodt opioids?

Q. And this would be when your supervisor would physically ride along with you to go to the clinic and kind of watch you interacting with the staff and the writers and then gives you feedback, right?

Q. And this, again, is very customary in the industry where you have your supervisor do occasional field visits with you and then give you comments as to what they saw, right?

Q. And this is one of those reports, right?

Q. And it's made sort of shortly after the ride-along program, right?

Q. And then I want to go to about the last page of the field report, I think. The second to last page, I guess. The last page with writing on it. It says, "Overall Rating for the Field Contact." Do you see that?

Q. And it says, "Mark, you have put a lot of effort getting your territory to 26 XXR TRx since launch in the Johnson City territory. It is evident that you are placing a lot of thought into the targeting of who can help your territory be successful. I would like to also note you're making

Q. His comment about difficult managed care environment links back to that e-mail we just had where this product is not covered on BlueCross BlueShield, right?

Q. And that's what the reference is to the difficult managed care.

Q. "Continue to use the account-based selling approach to educate the entire staff in their role to get the XXR script to the pharmacy. I would also like to commend your follow up with the pharmacies to educate them on how to run the copay/PPI cards." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So this a reference to -- you apparently also were calling on some pharmacies in order to make sure that they were stocking Xartemis and then also that they knew how the copay/PPI cards would work, correct?

Q. And this, again, is very customary in your industry. You have been in it for 20 years. You often interact with pharmacies to know how the patient is actually filling the prescriptions once they are written, right?

Q. And you see that your district manager, Todd Druen, is congratulating you, kind of commending you for the effort in increasing Xartemis sales in your territory since the launch, right?

Q. And that is because the promotional activity that you are doing, going in to visit doctors' offices, was working, right?

Q. And that's the whole reason why the industry that you've been a part of for 20 years have robust sales forces, because when they go out and they get people in the clinics talking to the doctors, it often results in increased scripts for the products that are being promoted, right?

Q. Well, you're not just educating for the sake of education, though, right?

Q. You are educating with the hope that at the end of the day it results in more scripts, right?

Q. Doctors getting more comfortable with the product, right?

Q. And then as doctors get more comfortable with the product, more education on the product, it results in more scripts, right?

Q. How often -- well, I know that we've talked about your in-person visits, but how long would an in-person visit take on average?

Q. And I understand that. And so if I'm understanding your testimony correctly, one thing about your promotional activity is you don't get a lot of face time with the doctor, right?

Q. And you're trying to maximize the amount of time that you can get with the doctor, correct?

Q. And that's part of the reason why the lunches are effective is because you at least get them while they are eating.

Q. And then you also familiarize yourself with the staff. That's what the account selling approach is about, right?

Q. It's to understand everybody who is working in that office and their role in the practice and their role, if any, in writing scripts for drugs, correct?

Q. And I think I asked this earlier, and forgive me if I did. But after you would do your in-person visits, how often, if at all, would you do follow-up phone calls to the writers?

Q. And why was that?

Q. And that was your understanding when you worked for inVentiv Health?

Q. I know you just started a new job. Do you have any plans to rejoin Mallinckrodt in any capacity in the near future?

Q. Have you ever worked for Endo Pharmaceuticals?

Q. Do you have any plans to join Endo Pharmaceuticals in the near future?

Q. Have you ever talked to Endo Pharmaceuticals about a job with them?

Q. When you were working with Mallinckrodt, were you familiar with Endo's product, Opana ER?

Q. What was your understanding of what Opana was and did?

Q. Do you ever recall having conversations with the physicians that you called upon about the advantages of either Exalgo or Xartemis in relation to Opana ER?

Q. Were you aware that Opana ER had diversion problems in Tennessee at that time?

Q. Were you aware that Opana ER had abuse problems in Tennessee at that point?

Q. Just a few more questions, Mr. Pugh. Do you ever recall directing any physician or writer to Mallinckrodt's website for information on Mallinckrodt products?

Q. The materials you left in the doctors' offices, would they reference Mallinckrodt's website?

Q. How often would you interact, if at all, with Mallinckrodt's compliance department?

Q. And what training did you receive during those training sessions, if you recall?

Q. So this would be a reminder that off-label promotion would be improper, correct?

Q. Any specific training on identifying opioid abuse or misuse?

Q. Did you ever recall hearing the term suspicious order during those training sessions?

Q. Did you ever go into -- during your time with -- during your time promoting branded opioids for Mallinckrodt, did you ever go onto the Tennessee Department of Health's website to run searches on physicians or writers?

Q. Did you know that this was possible when you worked at Mallinckrodt?

Q. I know that you said that your work for Mallinckrodt was principally, if not exclusively, calling on physicians and writers in their clinics, right?

Q. Did you also attend conferences on behalf of Mallinckrodt?

Q. You don't recall attending the TAPA conference in Gatlinburg in 2014?

Q. You don't recall ever being at a booth promoting Mallinckrodt products?

Q. But you've been to the TAPA conference before.

Q. And TAPA is the Tennessee Association for Physician Assistants.

Q. And that is where licensed physician assistants from across Tennessee come to a conference for a couple of days and seek training, I'm sure that they do some continuing education and there are various vendors who have booths, correct?

Q. It sounds like you've attended that before, but you can't specifically recall attending it on behalf of Mallinckrodt.
