Witness: Mark Trudeau
Attorney: MS. Liu
Source: MNKOI0004574309
============================================================

Q. Good morning, Mr. Trudeau.

Q. We have not previously met. My name is Mimi Liu, I'm an attorney with the law Motley Rice in the Washington office, and I represent plaintiff, the State of Rhode Island. Can you please state your full name for the record?

Q. And you understand that you took an oath to answer the questions that I ask you today truthfully to the best of your ability, correct?

Q. And is there any reason you cannot testify truthfully today?

Q. Are you currently married, Mr. Trudeau?

Q. And what is your current home address?

Q. And what is the address of your , . home in:

Q. And how long have you lived at that address?

Q. And what was your last home address before your home in *Redacted - ; , i

Q. And was that in -- was it in a town called I

Q. And do you own any other homes?

Q. And what other -- or I guess houses, what other houses or homes do you own? . ,

Q. Do you maintain a residence in . . i

Q. Do you have a rental house or apartment in li

Q. Do you have a home in the . .

Q. Did you at some point own a home in the

Q. When you said "not currently," can you clarify what you meant by that?

Q. During what time period were you renting an apartment in the:Red-ted-P..

Q. And what was the purpose of your renting an apartment in the

Q. And was that for work?

Q. And who paid for that rental in the *Redacted • Pll

Q. And why is it that you gave up that rental in 2018?

Q. And -- I'm sorry, were you finished?

Q. And why was that?

Q. And beginning in 2018 when you gave up your rental in the:--- where were you spending most of your time with respect to your work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And what is your current office address?

Q. Where do you currently work on

Q. You have no office in Ireland, is that correct?

Q. And where are you -- are you in one of your offices currently?

Q. And when you say "we," who else is in that office with you for this deposition?

Q. And the two lawyers are John Bueker and Andrew O'Connor?

Q. And where is Mr. Lohman sitting right now?

Q. But he's not in the New Jersey office with you currently?

Q. Where does Mr. Lohman normally have his office?

Q. What was your last office address before New Jersey became, I guess, one of your main offices?

Q. You can answer if you understood the question.

Q. Sure. So we spoke with Mr. Harbaugh yesterday. You know Mr. Harbaugh, correct?

Q. He said that in 2015 you moved to spending more of your time in the New Jersey office, is that fair?

Q. And prior to that 2015, roughly, time period, were you spending most of your time with your work for Mallinckrodt PLC in the St. Louis office?

Q. And did you physically sit in the same office that you held before the spinoff of the PLC?

Q. Let me clarify. Mr. Trudeau, when did you start working for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And when you started in February of 2012, where did you sit?

Q. And is that the same --

Q. Okay. So when you said that before New Jersey you spent most of your time in the St. Louis office, is that the same office you held in February of 2012 when you started with Mallinckrodt?

Q. What is your work e-mail address?

Q. And for how long have you held that e-mail address?

Q. And at some point did the company transition from using Mallinckrodt.com to using mnk.com?

Q. And why was that? Why was that change made?

Q. And when you say "convenience," what do you mean?

Q. And MNK is the ticker symbol for Mallinckrodt PLC, correct?

Q. And what was your e-mail address, if you could spell it out for me, before it switched over to mnk.com?

Q. And is Mallinckrodt.com for everyone in the company now switched to mnk.com?

Q. Do you use your Mallinckrodt.com e-mail anymore?

Q. Okay. So you have two work e-mail addresses?

Q. So would you log in separately to see the Mallinckrodt.com e-mails that are sent to you versus the mnk.com e-mails that are sent to you?

Q. And is there any distinction between -- well, do you sometimes use to send e-mails your Mallinckrodt.com e-mail versus your mnk.com e-mail?

Q. Do you understand the question, Mr. Trudeau?

Q. You said that you have two e-mail addresses, the Mallinckrodt.com address and the mnk.com address, correct?

Q. Can you physically send e-mails from both of those e-mail addresses?

Q. And is there any distinction between when you would use the one e-mail address versus the other e-mail address?

Q. And you said "typically." So the times that you use the Mallinckrodt.com e-mail address, when would that be?

Q. So as far as you're concerned there's no real distinction, they're just two different e-mail addresses and you can use them for your work, whichever you choose?

Q. And is there any reason why someone would e-mail you at the mnk.com address and some would e-mail you at the Mallinckrodt.com e-mail address?

Q. Okay. Do you have any other e-mail addresses at Mallinckrodt since the time you joined -- well, let's talk about since the time the PLC was formed in 2013.

Q. Do you have any aliases that you use for purposes of receiving e-mail or other communications with respect to your work?

Q. What is your personal e-mail address? *Redacted - EPI

Q. And do you have any other personal e-mail address that you use?

Q. And is it fair that since 2013 when you took over the PLC that the main personal e-mail address you've used is * Redacted - EPI

Q. So is it fair that you don't have a gmail account?

Q. And if you would have occasion to use your e-mail for business purposes, why would that be?

Q. And as part of this lawsuit or any of the opioids lawsuits, did any lawyers come in and ask to search your personal e-mail for documents or e-mails related to your work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you personally conduct a search of your personal e-mail to see if you had any responsive documents or information with respect to this lawsuit or any of the opioids lawsuits?

Q. Do you ever use text message for purposes of your work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And is that on a work phone or on a private phone?

Q. And what is the number of your work phone?

Q. And did any lawyers or anyone come and take your phone and download your text messages for purposes of this lawsuit or any of the plaids lawsuits?

Q. Did you personally provide access to your work phone for purposes of access to your text messages to any lawyers or anyone else with respect to this lawsuit or any of the opioids lawsuits?

Q. Is that your current work cell phone?

Q. And have you had that same cell phone and that same phone number since the PLC formed in 2013?

Q. And you said it was a 609 area code, is that right?

Q. And that area code pertains to what city?

Q. And your prior employer was who?

Q. Do you use that same cell phone and that same number for personal phone calls as well?

Q. So you, you Mark Trudeau, you have one cell phone that you use for work and for personal?

Q. And the secondary phone number, is that personal use, or is that a work phone?

Q. And who pays for that cell phone?

Q. And who pays for your 609 cell phone?

Q. I see. the company pays for all the calls made on both those numbers?

Q. If you were to leave the company, would you have to turn that phone in?

Q. And do you have a personal laptop or personal computer that you use for work purposes?

Q. So the only computer that you use for purposes of your work with Mallinckrodt is one provided to you by the company?

Q. And is that a desktop computer, or is that a laptop computer, or do you have both?

Q. And if you were to leave the company, would you have to turn that iPad back into the company?

Q. And did anyone ask for your iPad to do any searches with respect to information or documents you may have sent or received or saved on your iPad for purposes of this litigation?

Q. And do you recall if you conducted any searches or turned your iPad over to someone to conduct searches for any information on that iPad for purposes of this litigation or any of the opioids litigation?

Q. What is your current net worth, Mr. Trudeau?

Q. Sure. Let's start with a range. *Redacted - EPI

Q. *Redacted - EPI *Redacted - EPI

Q. All right. Mr. Trudeau, so you *Redacted - EPI

Q. What are you counting as assets?

Q. And in terms of assets, are you including all of your investments or stocks?

Q. And real estate or other property?

Q. *Redacted - EPI

Q. I *Redacted - EPI

Q. -•. ' i *Redacted - EPI

Q. . , . *Redacted - EPI

Q. . . . - , . . i *Redacted - EPI

Q. Do you have a personal accountant, Mr. Trudeau?

Q. And what company, or who does that person work for? . *Redacted-E P! ..: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . - .

Q. What is your current title with Mallinckrodt?

Q. And have you always been the president and CEO of Mallinckrodt PLC since the PLC was formed in 2013?

Q. And do you hold any other titles with Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. And have you been a member of the board since the PLC formed in 2013?

Q. And are you separately compensated for your role as president and CEO of the PLC and your role as a member of the board of the PLC?

Q. How much time have you spent in since the PLC formed in 2013?

Q. And in 2013, do you know approximately how many weeks you spent in Ireland?

Q. And when you would go to Ireland -- and I assume this is for work, not pleasure, right?

Q. -- what office would you go to in 2013?

Q. And in 2014, how many weeks did you spend in Ireland with respect to your work?

Q. And in terms of where you would go when you were in Ireland for work, is the same answer as 2013, hotels or some of your plants?

Q. Have you ever had an executive office in Ireland?

Q. So Mallinckrodt PLC has announced that it plans to file for bankruptcy in the coming weeks, is that correct?

Q. There have been announcements in the news related to Mallinckrodt and bankruptcy. Do you know anything about those?

Q. And to the extent it's possible, do you have an understanding of which company may possibly go bankrupt in the coming weeks?

Q. You don't know?

Q. Have you had any involvement in any preparations for a Chapter 11 filing with respect to your work?

Q. And when you say "the company" in that sentence, what company are you referring to?

Q. So one of the strategic options that Mallinckrodt PLC is currently considering is Chapter 11 reorganization, is that fair?

Q. And to the extent Mallinckrodt PLC is considering Chapter 11 reorganization, would that be of Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. And Mallinckrodt PLC is an Irish corporation, correct?

Q. So an Irish corporation can file for Chapter 11 in the United States?

Q. Are there plans for Mallinckrodt PLC to file for bankruptcy in Ireland or in the UK?

Q. Do you understand that if Mallinckrodt PLC files for Chapter 11 in the US, would any part of the global business survive?

Q. Would any part of Mallinckrodt PLC not be part of the Chapter 11 filing?

Q. Do you know whether or not you'll have a job in 2021 with Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. And will you have a job with Mallinckrodt PLC in 2021?

Q. And what will that job be?

Q. And under current circumstances, will you have a job with Mallinckrodt PLC in 2022?

Q. What are you basing these answers on?

Q. Who would be included in that retention program besides yourself?

Q. And when you say "a number of key executives," you mean with the PLC, is that right?

Q. And can you give me the names of any of the key executives who you know to be part of the retention program?

Q. And I assume you're going to receive some sort of compensation as part of that retention program?

Q. What compensation will you receive as part of this retention program?

Q. And to the extent as I'm clear whether the retention program will last past 2021, do you expect to receive additional compensation if it extends into 2022?

Q. Would there be other negotiations and discussions to the extent you are asked to remain on with Mallinckrodt PLC into 2022 related to compensation?

Q. Have you already signed an agreement to be part of this retention program such that you are not planning to leave Mallinckrodt PLC in 2021?

Q. And that agreement extends to precisely what date?

Q. What are the other strategic options that you're currently considering besides Chapter 11 reorganization?

Q. Anything else?

Q. Sitting here today, what do you think the chances are that the company is going into Chapter 11 reorganization?

Q. Do you think it's more than likely?

Q. And the 1.5 -- roughly $1.5 million that you've agreed to as part of the retention program, if you don't go the 11 route, does that retention program even apply?

Q. So if you continue to be a going concern and continue to operate into 2021, is the total compensation you expect to receive $1.5 million?

Q. If you go into Chapter 11 bankruptcy, is the total compensation you expect to receive in 2021 $1.5 million?

Q. What additional compensation -- well, let's talk about -- let's talk about if you don't go into Chapter 11 bankruptcy, what total compensation do you expect to earn in 2021?

Q. I see. So if you do go into Chapter 11 reorganization, in addition to the 1.5 million, what would you expect to receive in terms of compensation?

Q. So sitting here today, you have no idea how much you will be compensated in 2021?

Q. Well, other than salary -- so is the 1.5 million simply salary?

Q. What does the 1.5 million include?

Q. So what other compensation could you receive in 2021 if the company goes into Chapter 11?

Q. So you said previously 90 percent of your compensation is tied to company performance, is that right?

Q. So if the company goes into bankruptcy, what bonus would you receive that presumably would be tied to performance?

Q. So in addition to the -- the 1.5 million is just a -- it's essentially another form of bonus, right? It doesn't even include salary, normal bonus, and other compensation that you would receive in any normal year working at the PLC, is that fair?

Q. So it's in addition to salary, bonus, and other forms of compensation?

Q. So potentially you stand to make more in 2021 than you did, for example, in 2018?

Q. Is it possible?

Q. The company is going into bankruptcy, and the president and CEO of the company stands to potentially make more when the company is in bankruptcy than when it was

Q. So are you familiar with reports in the Wall Street Journal in 2019 that said that Mallinckrodt had changed its severance package policy?

Q. And did Mallinckrodt, in fact, change its severance package policy on or about 2019?

Q. So the report said that you, Mr. Trudeau, would receive two years of your annual salary in the case of involuntary termination of employment for reason other than cause. Is that true?

Q. So are you familiar with whether or not if you -- under the current severance package policy of Mallinckrodt PLC, whether or not you would receive two years of your annual salary in the case of involuntary termination of employment for reason other than cause?

Q. Do you know what the current severance package policy is for executives such as yourself?

Q. You don't know whether or not you stand to receive a lump sum payment?

Q. And if the company goes into Chapter 11 bankruptcy and you are no longer with the company after it emerges from that bankruptcy, would you understand that to be an involuntary termination of your employment for reason other than cause?

Q. The Wall Street Journal also reported that the company agreed to indemnify the board and the executives in legal proceedings, including liquidating. Do you remember reading that?

Q. Is that true?

Q. Well, let me ask it this way. Do you know whether or not the company would indemnify you as a member of the board or you as an executive with the company in legal proceedings, including liquidation?

Q. The lawyers that are here with you today, are they your personal lawyers, or do they represent the PLC?

Q. So the question was for you, Mr. Trudeau. Do you understand that the lawyers that are here representing you today represent you in your personal capacity, or represent Mallinckrodt PLC, or the other Mallinckrodt defendants in this case?

Q. So you're not paying these lawyers for representing you here today, are you?

Q. Correct.

Q. You don't expect to get an invoice from Ropes & Gray after this deposition for the lawyers' time, correct, to you personally?

Q. Have you been sued personally as part of any of the opioids litigation?

Q. So you don't know whether or not you've been named, Mark C. Trudeau, as a defendant in any of the opioids litigation?

Q. If you were named or added to any of the opioids litigation in your personal capacity as Mark C. Trudeau as an individual defendant, would you expect that the company would pay for your representation in that instance?

Q. Do you have a personal lawyer, Mr. Trudeau?

Q. Have you consulted lawyers for personal matters related to your work with Mallinckrodt?

Q. Have you consulted with, for example, an employment lawyer to look over terms of, for example, the retention program or other contracts that you may have with the company?

Q. To the extent you've consulted with lawyers related to personal matters, when was the last time that you talked to a lawyer with respect to a personal matter?

Q. You can answer the question, Mr. Trudeau.

Q. Pardon me?

Q. And who was that lawyer?

Q. And without getting into specifics, what was the nature of the personal issue?

Q. And do you have a personal lawyer who you use to consult with on, you know, sort of miscellaneous personal or general personal issues?

Q. Do you have any personal lawyer who you've known and worked with over the course of any number of years?

Q. And you said "estate matters"?

Q. Do you employ or use the company's lawyers as your own personal lawyers?

Q. I'm going to -- so I know you received a box, is that correct, Mr. Trudeau, with exhibits in it?

Q. Okay. So if you get the box, or I think our tech will put up different exhibits on the screen --

Q. So while they're doing that, Mr. Trudeau, why don't we continue. I think the last question I had was whether you used the company's lawyers as your personal lawyers, to which you responded no, is that correct?

Q. • edacte d EP!

Q. And what do you know about that allegation?

Q. *Redacted - EPI *Redacted - EPI

Q. , , *Redacted - EPI *Redacted - EPI

Q. And how do you understand that?

Q. So to be clear, I'm asking you

Q. *Redacted - EPI , , , ,, , , *Redacted - EP! , , il ,

Q. Okay. And so my next question is, what is the basis of that knowledge?

Q. Is the first time that you knew that when you received an e-mail from a Mr. Schuler?

Q. Mr. Trudeau, have you ever been arrested since 2012?

Q. So you thought about that for a while. Have you ever been arrested?

Q. Have you --

Q. Okay. Have you been sued in your personal capacity since 2012?

Q. You can answer the question, Mr. Trudeau.

Q. Sure. Have you ever been sued in your personal capacity since 2012?

Q. Take out personal capacity. Have you ever been sued?

Q. And is that one time?

Q. Could it be more than one time?

Q. The ones that you do recall, or the one that you do recall, can you tell me about the nature of that lawsuit?

Q. And that stock drop suit was with respect to your work at Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. And have there been any other lawsuits where you've been named as a defendant that you're aware of?

Q. Do you know whether or not you have been personally named as a defendant in any of the lawsuits related to the opioids litigation?

Q. You don't know, or you have not been?

Q. Have you ever sued anyone?

Q. Yes. Have you ever been the plaintiff in a lawsuit?

Q. Tell me, who is Michael-Bryant Hicks?

Q. And do you know approximately what year he left?

Q. And did he leave shortly after he signed off on the agreement with the DOJ-DEA?

Q. When was the last time you spoke to Michael-Bryant Hicks?

Q. And what would have been the reason for you to have spoken with Mr. Hicks after his departure from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Would you consider him a friend?

Q. And have you ever consulted with Mr. Hicks with respect to personal legal issues as opposed to legal issues affecting the company?

Q. Do you know how much you made in total compensation as president and CEO of Mallinckrodt PLC in 2019?

Q. As reported publicly.

Q. Okay. And for 2018, I'm looking at a proxy statement where it was roughly around $15 million. Does that sound right?

Q. It was the 2018 notice of annual general meeting of shareholders and proxy statement, there's a summary compensation table, it lists your total compensation as approximately 15 million, does that sound right, for 2018?

Q. Let me just ask you, trying to save some time here, you said 2019 was approximately 14 million. Is it fair that 2018 was approximately in that same range?

Q. And what about 2017?

Q. And from the time you started with the PLC in 2013 and forward, would you say each year you were paid in about that range of about $14 million as your target compensation?

Q. What do you think your target compensation was in 2014?

Q. And you'd earlier said that 90 percent of your compensation was tied to company performance, correct?

Q. So what was the company performance in 2019 such that your target compensation was at or about its all-time high?

Q. To the extent your compensation is tied to company performance, what was the level of the company's performance in 2019 such that your target compensation that year was at or about its all-time high?

Q. So when you said 90 percent of your compensation is tied to company performance, were you referring to your actual compensation as opposed to your target compensation?

Q. Who determines your compensation?

Q. And the independent board is who?

Q. And you've sat on that board of directors since 2013, correct?

Q. And is there any contract that you've signed with Mallinckrodt PLC or any Mallinckrodt entity that lays out the terms of your compensation?

Q. And have you signed multiple employment contracts throughout your tenure with the PLC?

Q. So to the extent you said yes, you signed an employment contract, when do you recall signing that contract?

Q. Okay. I think -- is that related to the retention program?

Q. And to the extent you signed an employment contract this year, is it the case that you would sign an employment contract with the company every year?

Q. Do you recall if you've ever signed an employment contract with the company other than the one you signed this year?

Q. And the employment contract that you signed was with which entity?

Q. Is it with the PLC?

Q. Mr. Trudeau, what are some of the terms you can recall from that employment contract?

Q. And did you say it lays out your role?

Q. But does it lay out any details with respect to what the expectations are with respect to your role and responsibilities with the company?

Q. Do you have a copy of that contract?

Q. Do you have a copy of it on your laptop or your iPad?

Q. Besides Mallinckrodt or working for the Mallinckrodt entities or for the PLC, have you been paid for work by any other company since 2013?

Q. Sure. Have you been paid for work by any other company besides Mallinckrodt since 2013?

Q. What other company or companies?

Q. And that's for work that you do on their board?

Q. And when did you join that board?

Q. Approximately how much do they pay you for each year you're a part of that board?

Q. I guess total compensation. . , , *Redacte d EPI , m

Q. And does that company operate in the pharma sphere?

Q. And are there any other boards or any other companies that you've done work for since 2013 that you've been compensated for?

Q. And are you continuing to be paid your salary as you were in prior years currently by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you get a direct deposit of your salary every two weeks, or every month?

Q. Are you continuing to get those direct deposits from Mallinckrodt currently?

Q. And there were some reports that in or around 2019, approximately $5 million worth of executive bonuses were handed out by Mallinckrodt, of which you received approximately $1.6 million. Are those reports true?

Q. I see. So the $1.6 million retention payment you've already received?

Q. So I think I understood that you were entitled to a retention bonus going forward. But have you already received a retention bonus from the company from that retention program we discussed?

Q. And when did you receive that bonus?

Q. Of 2020?

Q. And currently is that the only retention bonus that you expect to receive under the retention program?

Q. Currently is that the only retention bonus that you have received under the retention program?

Q. What other retention bonuses have you received under the retention program?

Q. Was it paid in 2020?

Q. Is it possible it was paid in 2020?

Q. But it was paid, you said previous, so it was paid sometime on or prior -- it was paid sometime prior to August or September of 2020, correct?

Q. And was it also on the order of approximately $1.6 million?

Q. Was it more than a million dollars?

Q. And other than those two retention bonuses, have you received any other retention bonuses?

Q. What do you understand is the purpose or reason for why you are receiving these retention bonuses?

Q. Have you received other job offers or opportunities for employment in the past year?

Q. Well, did you go to the company and say, look, if you don't pay me a retention bonus on the order of a total of somewhere between 2 and $3 million I'm going to go work for X company, or I'm going to leave the company?

Q. So the company simply came to you and said, look, we'd like you to stay on during this -- I think you called it challenging period, and so we're going to pay you between 2 and $3 million if you'll agree not to leave the company within the next year or 18 months, is that fair?

Q. Who initiated the conversation with respect to the retention bonus, them or you?

Q. So it's possible that you asked for a retention bonus?

Q. To the extent there is a Chapter 11 filing, do you expect to receive any additional retention bonus either before or during the Chapter 11 proceedings?

Q. And how is it that you don't know?

Q. Are there circumstances under which you would be entitled to receive an additional -- sitting here today, are there circumstances under which you would be entitled to receive an additional retention bonus in the future?

Q. Have you ever been to Rhode Island, Mr. Trudeau?

Q. How many times have you been to Rhode Island?

Q. Since 2012.

Q. And from your answer I assume the purpose of that visit was personal, not professional?

Q. Have you ever had occasion to travel to Rhode Island for reasons related to your work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you know Larry Merlo, the CEO of CVS?

Q. Have you ever met with, as part of your work at Mallinckrodt, with executives or other representatives from CVS?

Q. Have you ever given speeches or attended drugstore conferences where you would have spoken to attendees who worked for CVS?

Q. Are there any circumstances, as far as you know sitting here today, under which you may be asked or required to give back any of the compensation that you have received during your time as president and CEO of Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. What are those circumstances?

Q. What would constitute termination for cause?

Q. Well, obviously running a company into the ground is not -- does not qualify as termination for cause, correct?

Q. Well, when you started at the PLC it was a going concern, and now it may enter into Chapter 11 bankruptcy, correct?

Q. And if the company has to go into bankruptcy under your watch and under your direction, and if you were terminated as

Q. What about helping to fuel one of America's most devastating healthcare crises, if you were terminated for that reason, would that be termination for cause?

Q. Do you agree that as the president and CEO of Mallinckrodt PLC that you have helped to fuel one of America's most devastating healthcare crises?

Q. Do you believe that have you no responsibility for one of America's most devastating healthcare crises?

Q. Those are your words, right, Mr. Trudeau, that "we are in one of America's most devastating healthcare crises"?

Q. But you believe that you as president and CEO of Mallinckrodt PLC bear no responsibility for one of America's most devastating healthcare crises?

Q. Do you believe as president and CEO of Mallinckrodt PLC that you bear responsibility for the potential bankruptcy of the company?

Q. Whose responsibility is the potential bankruptcy?

Q. And how is it complex?

Q. Tell me about those factors.

Q. Well, the company has said that it may be going into Chapter 11 proceedings due to the extent of the opioid circumstances and lawsuits and the cost of defense of all of those cases and the potential liabilities associated with all those cases, correct?

Q. To the extent that's one of many factors, do you hold yourself responsible in any way, shape, or form for the opioids epidemic, or for the reasons why the opioids lawsuits were brought?

Q. Do you hold anyone at the company accountable for any conduct that resulted in the opioids litigation or plaids government investigations that have been brought against the company?

Q. So why do you think these lawsuits have been brought to the extent that no one at the company bears any responsibility for any conduct related to the lawsuits?

Q. You don't know, but yet what you do know is that the company itself bears no responsibility for the opioids epidemic, or for what you refer to as one of America's most devastating healthcare crises?

Q. You said that you don't hold anyone at the company accountable, and I asked you after that if -- why do you think these lawsuits have been brought to the extent that no one at the company bears any responsibility for any of the conduct related to the lawsuits, and you said "I don't know." And I said, "you don't know the answer to that, but yet what you do know is that the company and no one at the company bears any responsibility for one of America's most devastating healthcare crises?"

Q. The question is that, whether or not you know -- strike that. Let's go back. I asked you, "why do you think these lawsuits have been brought to the extent that no one at the company bears any responsibility for any conduct related to the lawsuit?" And you said, "I don't know," correct?

Q. So then I asked you, "you don't know why the lawsuits were brought, but yet you do know that no one at the company bears any responsibility for any of the conduct described in the lawsuits?"

Q. But what you're not confused by is that Mallinckrodt PLC or any of the entities within the Mallinckrodt family bear no responsibility for the opioids epidemic which you described as one of America's most devastating healthcare crises, correct?

Q. Do you think that anyone at Mallinckrodt PLC or any of the entities within Mallinckrodt PLC bears any responsibility for the opioids epidemic?

Q. What did you do to prepare for the deposition today?

Q. And the legal team, is that John and Andrew?

Q. Anyone else?

Q. And anyone else?

Q. And is Don the current general counsel of Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. Who is the current general counsel of Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. And did you -- was Mark Casey present for any of the conversations to prepare for today's deposition?

Q. I'm sorry, what role does Don Lohman occupy?

Q. Why was he included in the conversations?

Q. Do you know what company Don Lohman currently works for?

Q. So you don't know whether or not Don Lohman works for the PLC?

Q. Is Don Lohman in the room with you right now?

Q. But he's on this call, he's on the phone?

Q. So, and your legal team, including Don Lohman, was there anyone else that you met with or talked to in preparation for today's deposition?

Q. And approximately how many meetings did you have to prepare?

Q. And were those meetings all within the past week?

Q. When did those meetings take place?

Q. So I think this deposition, and I don't know that I was involved at that time, but was previously scheduled perhaps for earlier this year, is that correct?

Q. Okay. So were those meetings in conjunction with that earlier scheduled deposition date that didn't occur?

Q. So other than seeing your attorneys here today, did you have occasion to speak with them to prepare for this deposition in the last week?

Q. And when did you meet with them?

Q. Correct.

Q. And was that meeting in person or by phone?

Q. Do you know approximately how long that meeting lasted?

Q. Okay. And other than that hour, or approximately hour-long conversation that you had with your lawyers earlier this week, in the last couple of weeks have you had any other meetings or conversations with your attorneys?

Q. Did you review any documents in preparation for this deposition?

Q. I'm not asking you to tell me what those documents were, I'm just asking if you looked at any documents in conjunction with your preparation for today's deposition.

Q. Did you look at any documents on or about Wednesday until today?

Q. You can't recall if you reviewed any documents from two days ago until today in preparation for this deposition?

Q. Is there any reason -- are you on any sort of medication, Mr. Trudeau?

Q. I see. So I wasn't trying to be a jerk, I was just wondering how you couldn't recall something. So the reason is because you had a big day yesterday, and so you just don't remember if you looked at documents specifically for this deposition, is that fair?

Q. And your testimony before Congress yesterday, what did that relate to?

Q. And specifically which of your products were you asked about?

Q. And as part of your preparation for this deposition, not for your testimony with Congress, did you meet with any of the company's Chapter 11 or bankruptcy lawyers?

Q. As part of your preparation for today's deposition, so not having anything to do with yesterday's testimony, having to do with today's deposition, did you meet with any of the company's bankruptcy lawyers?

Q. What law firm has the company hired to represent it as its bankruptcy lawyers?

Q. And Wachtell is a law firm that Mallinckrodt you've used since its formation in 2013, is that right?

Q. How long have you worked with -- in your role with Mallinckrodt PLC, how long have you worked with the law firm?

Q. And is there a particular attorney there or attorneys there who you have a relationship with, or who you've worked with the longest?

Q. Can you name any their names?

Q. Can you name any of their names?

Q. Vic is Victor Goldfeld?

Q. And you've worked with Mr. Goldfeld since the company's formation in 2013?

Q. Have you ever been deposed before?

Q. And have you ever been interviewed by a government entity?

Q. In your capacity as president and CEO of Mallinckrodt PLC.

Q. So has the FBI, the DEA, the SEC, the FTC, state Attorney General's Office, have any attorneys from any government entity ever asked for and received an interview of you in conjunction with any sort of investigation or lawsuit into Mallinckrodt PLC or one of the Mallinckrodt entities?

Q. As part of the DOJ-DEA settlement where the company paid $35 million, were you interviewed?

Q. But you were never -- you never met with anyone from DOJ or DEA as part of that investigation?

Q. Do you know who at the company was responsible for handling that investigation and meeting with or providing information to the DEA or the DOJ?

Q. Is that why Don Lohman was part of your conversations or meetings in preparation for this deposition?

Q. And at the time that Don Lohman occupied the role such that he would be the one talking to or working with the DOJ and the DEA on behalf of the company, did he report to you?

Q. Who did he report to?

Q. And at that time, that would have been Michael-Bryant Hicks?

Q. At the time of the DEA investigation.

Q. And when Don was involved with the DEA investigation, did he work for or was he employed by the PLC?

Q. Did he work for or was he employed by Mallinckrodt LLC?

Q. I just want to touch briefly on your employment before you joined Mallinckrodt. You were the CEO of Bayer Health Pharmaceuticals in the United States, is that correct?

Q. And how long were you in that role?

Q. But you were with the company in general from approximately 2009 to 2012, is that fair?

Q. And as part of your role -- well, so Bayer made pain relievers, is that correct?

Q. Well, Bayer also made aspirin and Aleve, is that correct?

Q. Okay. And are you familiar that aspirin and Aleve are sometimes referred to as NSAIDs, which stands for nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs?

Q. And was that division sort of under your direction and control as CEO?

Q. So the dotted line with your position would have encompassed that division?

Q. I see. So NSAIDs or aspirin, Aleve, that fell within the Consumer Division, not the pharmaceutical business, is that fair?

Q. What did you understand about -- I'll rephrase. Before Mallinckrodt, did you have any experience in your career, whether at Bayer or elsewhere, with opioids products?

Q. And you started at, I think you said, February of 2012, is that right?

Q. And then it was spun off from Covidien as Mallinckrodt PLC in June of 2013, correct?

Q. And at the time that you started at Mallinckrodt and at the time that Mallinckrodt PLC was spun off from Covidien, it was the largest US supplier of opioids, correct?

Q. And at that time you had 40 percent share of the DEA quota for plaids, correct?

Q. What do you understand -- what do you understand by the phrase "DEA quota"?

Q. And Mallinckrodt had the largest import quota for opium in the US at the time that you spun off from Covidien, correct?

Q. At the time Mallinckrodt PLC was formed, the company was selling opioids to all 50 states in the United States, correct?

Q. You don't know whether or not the company of which you're president and CEO CEO sold its opioids products nationally throughout the United States?

Q. When you joined Mallinckrodt, what did you do to educate yourself about plaids based products for the opioids business?

Q. When you joined the company, did you learn that opioids, unlike aspirin, were highly addictive?

Q. You knew before joining the company that -- you're saying it was common knowledge for many years that plaids were highly addictive?

Q. Having worked at Bayer, did you know that aspirin was the first significant alternative to opioids for treating pain?

Q. Did you know that Bayer marketed aspirin as a nonaddictive pain reliever?

Q. Did you know whether or not Bayer promoted its NSAID products as a safe or safer alternative to plaids for the treatment of pain?

Q. Did you approach selling opioids any differently than you approached working at a company that sold aspirin and Aleve?

Q. When you joined Mallinckrodt, was your leadership direction to sell more opioids?

Q. Even before you formally started in February of 2012, you sent a directive out to field sales or to the sales force essentially telling them that the new company, you wanted the sales force to make every sales call worth it, correct, and to sell more of your opioids products, correct?

Q. That was generally your view, right, the more opioids that the company could sell the better, correct?

Q. If you could take out Exhibit 171.

Q. So the document is on the screen, Mr. Trudeau, and I would ask if we could just highlight the top third portion of the document.

Q. Yes. What is showing on the screen is a blown up version, just so it's easier to see, of the top third of the first page. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So for the record, the e-mail, and you can correct me if I have anything of this wrong, it's from something called The Force, and it's Pharma.Force@covidien.com. It was sent on February 2nd, 2012, to #MKG - Pharma Field Sales. Do you see that?

Q. And a couple lines down in the body of the e-mail it says, "People: Message From Mark Trudeau." Do you see that?

Q. And you said that you took over as -- or formally took on the role for Mallinckrodt in February of 2012, right?

Q. So this would have been, I guess, potentially the first missive that you sent to the sales force as part of your new role with Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. So the message you sent the day after you started at Mallinckrodt states, "I'm very excited to officially be on board as your president of Pharmaceuticals to lead us through the spinoff and beyond." you see that?

Q. Then you say, "Joe Almeida, Covidien President and CEO, referred to Specialty Pharmaceuticals as our 'growth engine' at the December employee summit. I agree." Do you see that?

Q. Specialty Pharmaceuticals at the time included certain of the company's plaids products, correct?

Q. Including Exalgo, correct?

Q. And at the time Exalgo was the company's highest grossing product, correct?

Q. Well, it was one of the company's highest grossing products, is that correct?

Q. Yesterday Mr. Harbaugh told us that at its peak Exalgo was $100 million-plus product, does that seem right to you?

Q. Okay. So then you go on to say, "the spotlight is on each of you." Again, this is an e-mail sent to pharma field sales, so your sales force, I presume. It says, "the spotlight is on each of you to make a difference as we create a name for ourselves in pain management." Do you see that?

Q. And so your guidance then says in the next paragraph at the end, "I encourage you to make the most of every call and ensure that our products are remembered." Do you see that?

Q. And by "call" you mean sales calls, right?

Q. And then you talk in the prior sentence about two branded products, Exalgo and Pennsaid, and you say, "and the current opportunities -- that you have become aware of "the current opportunities you have in the market," correct?

Q. No. It's the paragraph in the portion blown up on the screen.

Q. It says, "as you can imagine?"

Q. What did you understand --

Q. I'm sorry, go ahead.

Q. I was just reading that sentence and making sure that's what you said. "As you can imagine, there is much to learn in my new role, but Jamie has helped me become well aware of Exalgo and Pennsaid and current opportunities you have in the market." Do you see that?

Q. What did you mean when you said the current opportunities that your sales force have in the market?

Q. But you approved this message before it was sent, correct?

Q. And so sitting here today, you don't know what you meant as, quote, "current opportunities you have in the market" when speaking to your sales force?

Q. Could current opportunities you have in the market be to sell more of the Exalgo product?

Q. So if you look down under "Products: Exalgo," there's some discussion of calling on the top 15 to 20 Opana ER prescribers. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall at the time the situation with Opana and why that may have created opportunities for Exalgo?

Q. You didn't know what Opana was, and yet you were encouraging your sales force to be calling on the top 15 or 20 Opana ER prescribers at least once --

Q. And yet this is a message, quote, from Mark Trudeau, correct?

Q. And it's not just a message in your role with Covidien, correct, it's your message as the person who is going to be taking on the, quote, new Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Right. But the last part of your message says, "your talent and dedication are critical as we go forward as the new Mallinckrodt," correct?

Q. And the new Mallinckrodt is referring to Mallinckrodt PLC, correct?

Q. And did pharma field sales, or did the sales force include salespersons that were engaging in sales throughout the United States?

Q. Did the persons to whom you sent this e-mail, the field salespersons, did those include salespersons that would have been selling Exalgo and your products throughout the United States?

Q. Did you understand them to be -- their promotions to be limited to a particular market within the United States?

Q. And at the time that you joined, did you understand that Mallinckrodt was selling its products, including its opioids products, throughout the United States?

Q. At this time do you know that Mallinckrodt sold its opioids products throughout the United States?

Q. I'm asking now do you know.

Q. So as president and CEO of Mallinckrodt PLC, you do not know whether or not your opioids products were sold throughout the United States?

Q. Do you have any reason at this time in 2012 to believe that Mallinckrodt was not selling Exalgo in Rhode Island?

Q. Are you aware that Opana ER is

Q. Do you know approximately when that happened?

Q. And Opana ER was viewed as a competitor to Exalgo, correct?

Q. And at the time that you sent this e-mail, did you know anything about the differences between the risks of Exalgo and Opana ER?

Q. Part of what the sales force did to market your product was talk to physicians, correct?

Q. We can put that document away.

Q. Mr. Trudeau, have you had the same title, president and CEO of Mallinckrodt PLC since 2013?

Q. Okay. And Mallinckrodt PLC is the company that pays your salary, is that fair?

Q. Okay. And what committees within Mallinckrodt have you been a part of since you joined Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. Sure. Do you currently as part of your role as president and CEO sit on any committees within Mallinckrodt?

Q. Are there any other committees of which you are a part besides the executive committee?

Q. Yes, starting from 2013 until present.

Q. And are there committees that report up to you or up to the executive committee?

Q. So as CEO and president, putting aside whether or not you sit on the committee, do you have oversight over any committees?

Q. And did you have oversight or any relationship with the operating committee?

Q. And Mr. O'Neill provided testimony in this case. Have you reviewed that testimony?

Q. And Mr. O'Neill said that he ran, at least in 2013, for a number of years he ran the operating committee. Are you familiar with that?

Q. Mr. O'Neill said that he, along with Mr. Harbaugh and Dr. Schultz, made up the operating committee. Does that sound right to you?

Q. At least from 2013 to 2015 and potentially beyond. But let's start with the earlier period, 2013, from the time he was hired on until 2015, I believe he said that he ran the operating committee along with Matt Harbaugh and Frank Schultz. that sound right to you?

Q. And at that time from 2013 to 2015, Mr. O'Neill was a member of your executive committee and employed by the PLC, correct?

Q. He worked for the PLC, correct?

Q. And in the 2013 through the 2018 time period, Mr. Harbaugh was also employed and worked with the PLC, correct?

Q. Right. And Dr. Frank Schultz also was an employee of the PLC, correct?

Q. None of those three persons ever held a position or were employed by Mallinckrodt LLC, is that correct?

Q. What was Mr. O'Neill's relationship, if any, with Mallinckrodt LLC?

Q. So before Mallinckrodt PLC spun off from Covidien, you were the president of Mallinckrodt LLC, is that right?

Q. And after the spinoff when you became president and CEO of the PLC, what changed in terms of your role and responsibilities?

Q. I'll rephrase that. In 2013 -- so we discussed that the spinoff happened sometime around June or July of 2013, correct?

Q. And at the time of the spinoff there were no executive offices of Mallinckrodt PLC in Ireland, correct?

Q. And there were no physical executive offices in the UK at that time either, correct?

Q. So the company's headquarters in terms of the executive offices were housed in Hazelwood, Missouri, correct?

Q. And have the executive offices always been in the United States?

Q. And what executives sit in and work in the executive offices that now exist in the UK?

Q. What members of your executive committee sit in and work in the UK executive offices?

Q. Well, why don't we start with today.

Q. I'm talking about anyone who you would consider to be an executive in the PLC.

Q. So you said that when you had an office -- I'll rephrase that. You said that for approximately

Q. And when you say other executives maintain an office in the UK, how much -- does anyone work full-time in -- or outside of the United States in either the UK or Ireland?

Q. And that UK office opened sometime on or about 2015, correct?

Q. You didn't open an office in Dublin until 2016, correct?

Q. Well, you said you had a plant and you worked out of hotel rooms. So I'm talking about actual offices where executives could sit.

Q. But the offices to which you're referring is a plant or facility, it's not really an office, is that fair?

Q. That facility was built and opened for business in 2016, correct?

Q. So in 2013 until at least 2015, the company's executive offices were in the same offices as pre-spinoff, right, at 675 McDonald Boulevard, Hazelwood, Missouri?

Q. And your website still refers to the St. Louis office as the primary base of our, quote, "Global Operations," correct?

Q. Is there an organization -- what is the Global Operations organization?

Q. I see. So your global operations refers to your manufacturing operation?

Q. Who runs the Mallinckrodt website?

Q. And the communications group is headed by who?

Q. And is Meredith Fischer still the head of communications?

Q. And what year did she retire?

Q. But when you were referring to the communications group, were you referring to the group that she used to be in charge of?

Q. And Meredith Fischer when she was running the communications group, she was employed by and worked for the PLC, correct?

Q. And Meredith is someone who you brought over with you from Bayer, is that right?

Q. You had worked with her previously in your tenure at Bayer?

Q. And did she have any other role as special consultant or special assistant or chief of staff, something along those lines, to you as CEO and president?

Q. Have you had occasion to review her Linkedln page?

Q. So to the extent she refers to herself as special consultant or special assistant to the president, Mark Trudeau, that would be inaccurate?

Q. But do you recall that she served any role vis -vis you personally other than being in charge of communications?

Q. Did she have any additional role directly with you other than those roles that you just stated?

Q. So I think you said you thought communications probably ran the website. So to the extent communications or Meredith Fischer fell within the PLC, then the website would have been run by the PLC, is that fair?

Q. So do you consider operations and manufacturing to be synonymous?

Q. So to the extent your website refers to the Hazelwood office as the primary base of our, quote, Global Operations, and then it lists various functions, and separates out operations from manufacturing, what do you understand operations to mean?

Q. And so if you searched for "mnk.com" you can now pull up the same website as Mallinckrodt.com, correct?

Q. So when your e-mails transferred over from Mallinckrodt to MNK, you don't know whether or not the website also adopted the e-mail address mnk.com in addition to the Mallinckrodt.com website?

Q. You've never done gone on mnk.com?

Q. And what do you understand mnk.com to be?

Q. Again, MNK, I think you said, is ticker symbol for the public company, right?

Q. Do you refer to Mallinckrodt LLC using a different shorthand?

Q. Well, to the extent sometimes the PLC could be referred to as MNK or by its ticker symbol --

Q. To the extent the PLC is sometimes referred to as MNK, is Mallinckrodt LLC sometimes referred to by a shorter term or an acronym?

Q. What is Mallinckrodt Enterprises LLC?

Q. Do you know who is the head of that organization?

Q. Do you know what Mallinckrodt LLC is?

Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt LLC bears relationship with Mallinckrodt Enterprises LLC?

Q. Have you ever had occasion to study or look at the company's org chart?

Q. But you don't recall seeing where in the org chart Mallinckrodt Enterprises LLC fell and where Mallinckrodt LLC fell?

Q. Do you know if either of those entities have their own board of directors?

Q. Does the company, as far as you know, only have one board of directors, which is the board on which you sit?

Q. The whole, everything that falls within Mallinckrodt PLC.

Q. Do you know whether or not Mallinckrodt PLC's board of directors has any oversight duties related to Mallinckrodt LLC?

Q. What part of the company is responsible for the manufacturing and sales of your opioids products?

Q. Who do you understand, either entity, person, committee, within the company is responsible for the manufacturing and sales of your opioids products?

Q. I'm not asking if you actually make it. I'm asking who has responsibility for that function.

Q. I'll rephrase the question. Who is Kathleen Schaefer?

Q. And when you say "our controller," she works for the PLC, correct?

Q. And what about John Einwalter?

Q. He works for the PLC, correct?

Q. The PLC?

Q. And what about Marvin Haselhorst?

Q. He had responsibility for global tax for the PLC, correct?

Q. Did he report to you?

Q. Who did he report to?

Q. What is Mallinckrodt?

Q. It's a name, it's not an entity, correct?

Q. But when you say it's something we refer to the company as, you mean Mallinckrodt PLC sometimes refers to itself as Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals, is that fair?

Q. And in that sentence when you say "company," you mean Mallinckrodt PLC, correct?

Q. So when you use the term Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals as the president and CEO of Mallinckrodt PLC, do you ever use it to refer to Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. So you understand Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals as essentially a name synonymous with Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. Including the PLC, correct?

Q. So when, for example, Matt Harbaugh holds himself out on mnk.com as working for Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals, what he means is I work for Mallinckrodt PLC, correct?

Q. And when Hugh O'Neill holds himself out on mnk.com as an executive with Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals, what he means is Mallinckrodt PLC, correct?

Q. Do you remember back in 2013 doing an interview, I guess like a pharma online sort of magazine called The Pink Sheet?

Q. Just give me one second. So in that interview, do you recall saying -- you were asked by The Pink Sheet, "Covidien is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland, while Mallinckrodt is located in St. Louis. After the split, will Mallinckrodt be an Irish company or a US company?" And then it says, "Trudeau: The intent is that will be Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals but we'll be called PLC." Do you recall saying that?

Q. I'm happy to show you the document, Mr. Trudeau. It's number 74 in the box. I'm trying to save a little time. I'm not so much interested in the document itself as just the statement, "we'll be Mallinckrodt Pharmaceutical but we'll be called Mallinckrodt PLC."

Q. The correct document is on the screen.

Q. I'm trying to get our tech to get it to page 4. He has the right page.

Q. Do you see under "Trudeau" it says, "The intent is that we'll be Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals but we'll be called Mallinckrodt PLC." And I guess if you happen to recall making that -- I'm trying to understand what you meant by that.

Q. The date of the interview from the top sheet looks like on or about -- well, the article, I guess, came out in May of 2013, so I don't know, I guess the interview happened sometime before 2013, or sometime before May 2013.

Q. The question is, what did you mean by that, quote, "we'll be Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals," capital M, capital P, "but we'll be called Mallinckrodt PLC"?

Q. Okay. I want to understand whether you at the time believed that Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals and Mallinckrodt PLC were synonymous.

Q. And you keep saying "the company." What company are you referring to?

Q. So your website represents that Mallinckrodt, capital M, Pharmaceuticals, capital P, is a registered business name of Mallinckrodt PLC. Is that correct, that Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals is a registered name of Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. Do you have any reason to think that the representation on your website is incorrect?

Q. Do you know what Mallinckrodt Brand Pharmaceuticals, Incorporated is?

Q. Do you know Walt Kaczmarek, K-A-C-Z-M-A-R-E-K?

Q. Who is he?

Q. And do you know approximately when he left the company?

Q. And do you know when he started with -- after the spinoff when did he start working within the company?

Q. Do you know who he reported to when he worked within the company?

Q. Do you know whether or not he worked or held a position within the PLC?

Q. So we talked earlier about a person who worked with you named Dr. Frank Schultz. Do you remember that name?

Q. And he held the role of head of manufacturing and head of science and technology, is that right?

Q. What do you believe his title was?

Q. And he was a Ph.D in business, not a medical doctor, correct?

Q. What did you understand, if any, was the business relationship between Kathy Schaefer and Hugh O'Neill?

Q. And did you know Kathy to have any other roles besides being the corporate controller?

Q. So in December of 2018 when Matt Harbaugh was about to step down as CFO to become president of SpecGx, or the Specialty Generics business, do you recall that the PLC put out a press statement?

Q. Again, I'm happy to show it to you. We went over it yesterday with Mr. Harbaugh. But you're quoted in the press statement, which is Exhibit 44 if you want to look at it, but I just want to give you the quote first. You're quoted as saying --

Q. Okay.

Q. This is a Mallinckrodt PLC press release, is that fair?

Q. I think it's maybe page 3, I don't have it in front of me. It's the last paragraph that begins, do you see that quote, Mr. Trudeau, it begins, "Matt has been involved"?

Q. You're quoted as saying, "Matt has been involved in the Specialty Generics business for over a decade." Do you see that?

Q. You go on and say, "We're very pleased to have someone with his leadership experience take the helm," and the helm being of the Specialty Generic business, correct?

Q. What did you mean -- or what was Matt's involvement with the Specialty Generics business for over a decade?

Q. Just give me one second. I'm trying to read back what you said.

Q. The court reporter has got it My realtime -- it's going to take me one second. Apologies, I'm just scrolling. I don't know why it stopped scrolling. Okay. You said, "before we spun Matt was" -- and by that you mean -- "before we spun," meaning before Mallinckrodt PLC spun from Covidien, correct?

Q. So what did you understand -- what did you understand Mr. Harbaugh's when he was PLC CFO you said he had oversight responsibility of the Specialty Generics business, what did you understand that responsibility to entail?

Q. When you say "enterprise," you're referring to the company as a whole?

Q. So I'm going to read through some names, and the question is the same for all of them, which is, which of these folks came over, you know, from Covidien pre-spin into Mallinckrodt PLC post-spin. Do you understand that?

Q. Right. I'm going to read you some names, and I'm saying the question is the same as to all of the names. If these people worked with you pre-spin, and then came over post-spin.

Q. So I'm going to ask you -- I'm going to give you some names, and these are persons who are listed, and we can look at the document in your 2013 10-K filing to the SEC, as holding positions as executive officers. So what I want to know is did any of these persons work with Mallinckrodt when it was still part of Covidien pre-June of 2013 when Mallinckrodt PLC was formed. Do you understand that?

Q. Okay. So Mark Trudeau. Yes, right? Yourself?

Q. Matthew Harbaugh?

Q. Peter Edwards?

Q. Hugh O'Neill is a no, right? You hired him after the PLC was formed?

Q. Stephen Merrick?

Q. M-E-R -- you know who I'm referring to?

Q. Okay. I think Gary Phillips was post-spin, correct?

Q. Okay. Ian Watkins?

Q. And Meredith Fischer who we previously discussed?

Q. Actually I now have in my notes that the actual term she used, she describes herself on her Linkedln bio as, quote, "Senior advisor to the CEO during her time at Mallinckrodt PLC." Did she occupy any special role as, quote, senior advisor to you?

Q. Do you know what the promotional review committee is?

Q. Do you know who any of its members are?

Q. Did you have any involvement, as far as you recall, with this committee?

Q. Do you know who Mark Mannebach is?

Q. And who is he?

Q. And post-spin did he remain on in his role as head or as part of regulatory affairs?

Q. Oh, you're saying you think it's possible that he left before the spin?

Q. And post-spin, do you know who was head of all I have is the word medical. Was there a medical group or someone who would have been viewed as the head of medical affairs?

Q. And did that role continue on post-spin?

Q. And so what's the name of the -- does the chief medical officer run his own or her own division?

Q. I see. And the chief science and technology officer, is that an executive committee position?

Q. Is the name of the person who was the chief medical officer, at least at the time of spin, Dr. Thomas Smith?

Q. Do you know how long Dr. Smith stayed on post-spin?

Q. Do you know if he had any role post-spin at all?

Q. Did you have any say in who from the pre-spin organization was going to be employed within the post-spin organization?

Q. And so which of the senior executives did you -- that continued on post-spin did you ask to have remain with the company?

Q. Was there anyone who was with Mallinckrodt pre-spin at the executive level that you specifically did not want to come over with you to the PLC?

Q. Who were those individuals?

Q. Do you recall what function or title they had?

Q. Approximately how many individuals are we talking about?

Q. So to the extent Hugh O'Neill and Gary Phillips were new hires post-spin, who was in charge of Specialty Pharmaceuticals pre-spin?

Q. And pre-spin did you have someone who was serving as your chief strategy officer?

Q. Did you have a chief science officer?

Q. And that person didn't come over post-spin, correct?

Q. Can you take out the exhibit from the box, Mr. Trudeau, that's marked number 3?

Q. Just for the record, this is a letter dated January 12th, 2018 on the letter said of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz to Office of Chief Counsel, Division of Corporate Finance, US Securities & Exchange Commission, correct?

Q. If you just -- let me have you look at the Re line for a second. The Re line says, "Shareholder Proposal to Mallinckrodt PLC by Mercy Investment, Inc., Providence Trust and Catholic Health Initiatives." Do you see that?

Q. And if you turn to the last page you'll see that the letter is signed by Victor Goldfeld who we discussed earlier, is that right?

Q. And it CCs Michael-Bryant Hicks at Mallinckrodt PLC. Do you see that?

Q. And at the time in 2018 he was general counsel, is that right?

Q. And it also CCs Stephanie D. Miller at Mallinckrodt PLC. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall in 2018 what her role was with the PLC?

Q. Have you had a chance to review the declaration that she provided in the opioids litigation?

Q. Have you had the chance to review the declaration that she provided in the opioids litigation?

Q. At one point did you review that declaration, do you believe?

Q. Okay. And if you want to just take a look at this letter, my question for you is whether or not you recognize it.

Q. Do you know -- are you familiar with Mercy Investment Services?

Q. And are you familiar with this Shareholder Proposal to Mallinckrodt PLC by Mercy Investment Services?

Q. Were you consulted in any way with respect to a shareholder proposal to Mallinckrodt PLC by Mercy Investment Services?

Q. Were you consulted in any way with respect to a shareholder proposal to Mallinckrodt PLC by Mercy Investment Services?

Q. And normally when a letter goes out by your attorneys at Wachtell, is that something that would -- is that something that would cross your desk or that you would review?

Q. Do you recall, and you can take

Q. And is it fair to say that you did not review this letter or a draft of this letter before it went out to the SEC?

Q. Do you have any reason to think that your attorneys at Wachtell Lipton would misrepresent any information in a letter to the SEC on the company's behalf?

Q. You can put the letter away. If you could take a look at Exhibit 94, please.

Q. So then we're talking -- we're about to talk about Exhibit 94. Do you have

Q. Just for the record, the front page of the exhibit says, "Thompson Reuters StreetEvents," and it says, "Edited Transcript. MNK - Mallinckrodt Investor. Event Date/Time: October 14, 2014/1:OOPM GMT." Do you see that?

Q. Can you tell me what this document is?

Q. Okay. So it's a briefing you did orally, and this is a transcript of it, is that fair?

Q. So if you turn to the next page, under Corporate Participants, your name is second, right, "Mark Trudeau"?

Q. And then Hugh O'Neill is listed under you?

Q. And then Matt Harbaugh is also listed?

Q. Okay. So how would this type of briefing, an investor briefing during this time period, 2014, how would this normally have been carried out? Would it be a phone call, or in person?

Q. Okay. And do you have any recollection if this one in particular was by phone or in person?

Q. But is it fair that to the extent this is a transcript, it's transcribing the words that were said, whether it was by phone or in person?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. I guess what I'm trying to get at is, these words are not provided in advance to make up this report, are they? They're taken and, I suppose, edited following the words being stated, is that correct?

Q. I guess what I'm trying to ask is not necessarily whether they are a complete and accurate representation of exactly what was said, I'm trying to ask if, as a general matter, you would give an investor briefing and then a transcript would be published following the briefing based on what was said at the briefing.

Q. Okay. If you would turn to the next page.

Q. So under "Mark Trudeau," there's a paragraph that begins, "And while we have built."

Q. So that first clause reads, "And while we have built our business on a traditional therapeutic area around pain management," correct?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. And it was the core of your business; your business was built around your pain management business?

Q. Okay. If you turn to page 28 of the document, the pages are on the bottom right-hand corner. So I'm looking at the section that's "Hugh O'Neill," and there's a paragraph that begins, "Now, as it relates to the overall market." Do you see that paragraph?

Q. So the last sentence of that paragraph reads, "We think from a competitive position, especially on the generic side, we have multiple formulations that will allow us to stay not only relative but actually take a strong market leadership position." Do you see that?

Q. And if you look at the first sentence for context, he's talking about pain medications or opioids, correct?

Q. And are you familiar with a document where you say that you send to micromanage investor briefings?

Q. Is it fair to say that you micromanaged investor briefings?

Q. Would you have reviewed the content of this investor briefing before it was provided to your investors?

Q. Would you have reviewed the content of this investor briefing before it was provided to your investors?

Q. You wouldn't have looked over what people were going to say in the investor briefing before the investors were briefed?

Q. Okay. So if you would just turn, please, to page 29, the next page. So the top of that page is Matt Harbaugh speaking now, and he says, the first sentence, "Anthony, I would add, having been with the company 7 years, our key, overriding focus was making sure patients got treated for pain." Do you see that?

Q. Would you agree with that statement?

Q. What part of that statement would you disagree with?

Q. And then he goes on and says in the last sentence, "And since we are competing in 43 different controlled substance categories, as Hugh mentioned, this is what we do. This is like breathing to us." Do you see that?

Q. And would you agree with that?

Q. Well, the company, according to Matt, was competing in 43 different controlled substance categories. "This is what we do." This is what the company does. "This is like breathing to us." What part of that don't you understand?

Q. Well, at the time you seem to have understood it, correct, because then you interrupt him and you're about to build on that, correct?

Q. And you're welcome to review the document, do you recall correcting or disagreeing with anything that Matt said as opposed to building on what he said?

Q. "Particularly when it comes to controlled substances," correct?

Q. "We have been doing this business for over 100 years," correct?

Q. That's the opioids business, correct?

Q. A century, correct?

Q. Right. And the business started being

Q. That was part of the company's core business, is that not true?

Q. Including opioids, correct?

Q. You can put that document away. The opioids business at the company, what you as president know

Q. The opioids business for the company is what you used to leverage into acquiring other businesses, correct?

Q. You didn't build your empire using money generated from the opioids business?

Q. You didn't give an interview to St. Louis Business Journal where you talked about no pain, no gain?

Q. You don't recall specifically saying that the company's opioid business was its money generator which you used to acquire, for example, Questcor Pharmaceuticals?

Q. Why don't you take a look at 47.

Q. Do you have that document?

Q. That's your picture and a picture of Gary Phillips on the front of the article?

Q. And you spoke with some regularity to the St. Louis Business Journal, correct?

Q. And you've spoken to the St. Louis Business Journal multiple times, correct?

Q. But it is more than one, correct?

Q. Do you know Corey Noles, the person who interviewed you for this article?

Q. So the title of the article is "Mallinckrodt's Mark Trudeau and Gary Phillips say: No pain, no gain," correct?

Q. And the article is dated September 25th, 2015?

Q. And in this article he describes doing an interview with you at your offices in Hazelwood. Do you remember conducting that interview?

Q. And is that photograph taken at your offices in Hazelwood?

Q. If you turn to the second page, under the heading "Keep your core strong," the paragraph begins, "Before a company can begin identifying M&A targets, it must first have money to spend. For Mallinckrodt, that money comes from its generic opioid pain medication business." Do you see that?

Q. And then after that there's a quote attributed to you that says, quote "'That's our money generator, Trudeau said in an interview in his office, which extends over a large pond at the company's headquarters. 'We don't see a ton of growth out of it, but it's steady money. We then use that cash to buy more durable, cash-generating businesses or divisions with high-growth potential.'" Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall providing that quote, or those quotes?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that the reporter is misquoting you or mischaracterizing what you said?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that the reporter is misquoting or mischaracterizing what you said?

Q. And so the next paragraph says, "That strategy allowed Mallinckrodt to spend $5.6 billion in August 2014 to buy Questcor Pharmaceuticals, maker of autoimmune drug Acthar" -- Is it pronounced Acthar?

Q. -- "a company that was nearly triple its own size." Do you see that?

Q. Earlier today you talked about giving testimony before Congress related to drug pricing, correct?

Q. You specifically gave testimony, or the inquiry was specific to Mallinckrodt's drug Acthar, I think you said Acthar Gel, is that correct?

Q. That's the same drug that's referred to in this article, correct?

Q. In the next paragraph it quotes you as saying, "'The Acthar transaction was transformational for us,' Trudeau said, noting that it put the company on the pathway to more complex drugs with smaller usage numbers but much higher profit margins. 'Without our pain medicine business bringing in steady money, we couldn't have made that deal - they were bigger than us.'" Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall making those comments to this reporter?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that he has misquoted or mischaracterized what you said to him in that interview?

Q. Do you disagree sitting here today that the generic opioids pain medication was your money generator which allowed you to purchase bigger companies like the Acthar transaction?

Q. So to the extent he's saying that this is what you said, you believe he's misquoting you?

Q. And how much money did you generate a year during this time period from the generic plaids pain medication business?

Q. And how do you know that it wouldn't have been sufficient to have allowed you to acquire companies like Questcor Pharmaceuticals?

Q. To the extent it was insufficient, it still provided some of the $5.6 billion, is that fair?

Q. So do you make a habit of making statements or giving information to reporters that is made available to the public that is inaccurate?

Q. Was your acquisition of Questcor Pharmaceuticals, did that affect your compensation during the year that it was acquired and going forward?

Q. To the extent that your compensation is 93 percent derived from company performance, how did the acquisition of Questcor Pharmaceuticals affect the company's performance?

Q. Was Questcor Pharmaceuticals the biggest acquisition that you made during your tenure as CEO and president of Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. And you don't know how it affected your company's performance?

Q. And you don't know how the acquisition affected your company's performance?

Q. I'm just quoting you, Mr. Trudeau. You told me that 93 percent of your compensation was derived or dependent on the company's performance, so I'm just using your words. So whatever you meant by that is how I'm framing it back to you.

Q. So when you say "company performance or individual performance," is acquiring a 5.6 billion -- is making a $5.6 billion acquisition, how did that affect your -- the company's view of your personal performance, or how did that affect the company's performance?

Q. Well, to the extent you said the Acthar transaction "was transformational for us," what does that mean that it was transformational?

Q. And the company becoming larger, is that a good or bad thing?

Q. And how has the acquisition of Questcor Pharmaceuticals affected the company's performance?

Q. Measured sitting here today.

Q. And do any of those factors relate to the investigations by various government entities into your acquisition of Questcor Pharmaceuticals or any conduct engaged in by that entity?

Q. So you said it's very difficult to determine whether or not your acquisition of Questcor Pharmaceuticals affected the company's performance, and you said there were a number of factors, and I'm asking if any of those factors relate to government investigations into your acquisition of Questcor Pharmaceuticals.

Q. Well, you settled an antitrust matter related to Acthar for over $100 million with the FTC and multiple state attorneys general, correct?

Q. And does that affect how that acquisition impacted the company's performance?

Q. And you gave testimony before Congress yesterday related to the drug pricing of the Acthar drug, correct?

Q. There's been a lot of criticism and investigation into the price of that drug after the acquisition, correct?

Q. You can answer the question, Mr. Trudeau.

Q. You gave testimony before Congress yesterday related to the drug pricing of the Acthar drug, correct?

Q. What was the line of inquiry with respect to that drug in particular?

Q. And do you know what the drug price is that Mallinckrodt charges for the Acthar drug?

Q. The price per vial.

Q. What's the highest price you've charged to anybody for a vial of the Acthar Gel drug?

Q. Yes.

Q. Yes, that you've ever charged.

Q. That was part of the reason for the FTC investigation and settlement, correct, was that you were charging extremely high prices, in the neighborhood of 30, $40,000 for that particular drug, correct?

Q. Were you involved in the FTC investigation?

Q. Did you review the FTC's complaint?

Q. What do you recall the FTC complaint entailed?

Q. And it had nothing to do with the drug pricing of the Acthar drug?

Q. Do the allegations or lawsuits related to your Acthar drug have anything to do with the potential Chapter 11 filing?

Q. You can answer the question, Mr. Trudeau.

Q. Right. And what I'm trying to understand if investigations and lawsuits related to Acthar have anything to do or are one of those factors.

Q. So the document that's up, I believe, is Exhibit 47, is that right?

Q. Sticking with Exhibit 47 for a minute, if you go to the first page. I was asking if we could just go back to the first page of Exhibit 47.

Q. So do you see under the date, or next to the date September 25th, it then has in bold "Updated September 28"? Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall receiving a copy of this article between September 25th and September 28th, and you or your team making corrections to the article?

Q. If you look at the last page of the article.

Q. The last non-blank page. Under "Correction/Clarification" it says, "Updated 9/28/15 to reflect," and it goes on to talk about certain things, the description of Acthar, planned acquisition of Therakos, planned sale of CMDS, and so on and so forth. Do you see that?

Q. Do you remember you or your team making certain corrections to the content of this article?

Q. If you turn back one page, it's

Q. And under the second entry, "1898," it says, "Company extracts narcotics from opium, establishing itself as a pharmaceutical business." Do you see that?

Q. Do you disagree with that?

Q. Do you agree with that?

Q. Well, your team had an opportunity to correct that to the extent the company believed it to be not true, correct?

Q. So if you'll take a look at Exhibit 112.

Q. You can hold it.

Q. The subject is the "St. Louis Business Journal feature on Mallinckrodt today." Do you see that?

Q. And then you can see that it's attaching a copy of the article. Do you see that?

Q. And Rhonda -- tell me who Rhonda Sciarra is.

Q. Did she work at that time for Meredith Fischer?

Q. And do you see that in the body of her e-mail she writes, "As anticipated, the St. Louis Business Journal features Mallinckrodt in their cover story today"? Do you see that?

Q. In the next paragraph she says, "We've noted a few factual errors for which we are requesting corrections, such as characterization of products, and the need to note that current key transactions have not fully closed." Do you see that?

Q. Those appear to be the only factual errors for which your personnel are requesting corrections, correct?

Q. Well, you had an opportunity to review your quotes and to let Ms. Sciarra know whether or not you thought those accurately reflected what you said, and to correct them to the extent they were wrong, correct?

Q. You had an opportunity to let Ms. Sciarra know if you believed that any of the quotes attributed to you in this article were factually incorrect, isn't that true?

Q. You can put that document away. Mr. Trudeau, during your time with Mallinckrodt pre and post-spin, you were involved in directing the sales and marketing of your opioids products, correct?

Q. You spoke with sales reps, is that true?

Q. Did you encourage them to sell more of your opioids products and to grow that business?

Q. You spoke directly with physician or pain care providers, is that true?

Q. Part of the reason for your speaking with pain doctors or medical professionals was to promote your opioids products, correct?

Q. You were involved with the relaunch opportunity for Exalgo 32, correct?

Q. You reviewed all of the launch plans, you were involved in launch meetings and launch planning, you spoke with media, investors, chain drugstores with respect to the launch of Exalgo 32, correct?

Q. You were involved with plan of action meetings with sales reps with respect to Exalgo 32?

Q. You met with or planned meetings with C-Suite members of McKesson, Express Scripts, Omnicare, and others as part of the Exalgo 32 launch, correct?

Q. McKesson, what does McKesson do?

Q. And do you know whether or not McKesson distributes or did distribute Mallinckrodt's plaids products throughout the United States?

Q. What about Express Scripts?

Q. And your products including Exalgo 32 or your other plaids products, correct?

Q. But you recall having discussions with Express Scripts?

Q. What would have been the reason for you to have discussions with Express Scripts, as far as you recall?

Q. What about McKesson, when was the last time you spoke to any executive at McKesson?

Q. What about Omnicare, do you recall having meetings with C-Suite members of Omnicare?

Q. All right. Why don't we go back through some of the documents to the extent it may refresh your recollection. If you could take a look at Exhibit 170, please.

Q. So 170 is dated May of 2012. This is pre-spin. And it's an e-mail from you, Mark Trudeau, to a number of people beginning with Tom Berry. Do you see that?

Q. And it's talking about May financials, and it's attaching something, an Excel document referred to as "Pharmaceuticals MTD" -- which I assume is month-to-date, is that right?

Q. -- "Sales Template. Importance: High." And you write, "We clearly have some uphill sledding to do in order to hit our financial targets for the month and the quarter." Do you see that?

Q. "We got off to a rough start in April and need to find a way to stop the bleeding in May." Do you see that?

Q. "With one week left in the month, it's critical we do everything we can to pull in sales this month. Please work with your commercial teams and the operations group to ensure we deliver on every sale we can in May." Do you recall sending this e-mail?

Q. And the sales included sales of your branded and generic opioids products, correct?

Q. Okay. If you have could take a look at Exhibit 154, please.

Q. Do you have the document?

Q. Okay. And so the top e-mail is from somebody named Jan Roevekamp dated 5/16/2012 to Terry Terifay. Do you see that?

Q. And just according to his signature line, Terrence Terifay was vice president, marketing at the time?

Q. Okay. So in the second e-mail, it's talking about "Topic: Exalgo 32-milligram Launch Plan Update." Do you see that?

Q. It say, "Time: 1 hour meeting )." Do you see that?

Q. Does that refresh your recollection that you were involved in the launch planning for Exalgo 32?

Q. And can you tell us what the 32 in Exalgo 32 refers to?

Q. And at the time, that would have been the highest strength of Exalgo, correct?

Q. And Exalgo was one of your branded opioids products, correct?

Q. If you could turn to Exhibit 103, please.

Q. So this was a correction that I e-mailed this morning. 103 is a PowerPoint. And we're going to mark as 103A, this was the cover e-mail attaching the PowerPoint. So I think you'll have to look, unless you pulled up an e-mail, Mr. Trudeau, I think you'll have to look at the cover e-mail on the screen. ///

Q. Mr. Trudeau, do you see this cover e-mail is from Terry Terifay, who we talked about, to you, Mark Trudeau, dated 6/8/2012?

Q. It's also CC'ing additional people, including near the bottom Mark Harbaugh, correct?

Q. I'm sorry. Matt Harbaugh. And the subject line is "Project 32 Update Presentation for Monday, June 11." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So the e-mail reads, "Mark. Good afternoon. In preparation for our meeting on Monday, please find the attached PowerPoint file that we will review for the launch of Project 32." Then it goes on to say, "As you requested at the last meeting, we will review the following key areas of the launch plan for the 32-milligram dose." Do you see that?

Q. The first part of that sentence reads, "As you requested at the last meeting," do you remember requesting reviewing certain key areas of the launch plan?

Q. I should clarify, with your marketing folks?

Q. But do you have any reason to think that Terry Terifay is misrepresenting anything in this e-mail?

Q. Do you remember Terry Terifay?

Q. At that time, what was your reporting relationship with him?

Q. Who was Jamie Harrell?

Q. Who among your executives would have occupied or had oversight over that role after the spinoff?

Q. Okay. If you'll take a look at the PowerPoint attachment, which I believe is the document you do have in front of you, it will be Exhibit 103. The e-mail will be Exhibit 103A.

Q. The cover of the PowerPoint says "Exalgo 32 milligrams Launch Update" dated June 11th, 2012, correct?

Q. Okay. Does this document look familiar to you? Do you recall receiving this document?

Q. So if you turn to the next page, "Big Idea Recommendations." Do you see that bullet?

Q. Number 2 talks about "Patient Persistency Program." Do you see that?

Q. Do you understand what patient persistency means?

Q. And then under Patient Persistency Program it says, "Increase average prescription dose," correct?

Q. And then the next bullet says, "Improved Days on Therapy and reduce percentage of patients on therapy for less than 30 days," correct?

Q. Do you understand what "increase average prescription dose" means?

Q. Do you understand what "improve days on therapy" mean?

Q. Do you understand what "reduced percentage of therapy for less than 30 days" means?

Q. Do you know what any of those things mean at all? Your answer keeps saying "not specifically," but generally do you know what those three items mean?

Q. Okay. Why don't we keep going. If you turn to the next page, do you see under heading 2 it says, "Enhance Promotion - Campaign & Messaging, Patient Persistency Plan." Do you see that?

Q. The next page.

Q. Yes. Under "Recommendations," the second recommendation.

Q. It says, "Enhance Promotion - Campaign & Messaging, Patient Persistency Plan." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And then it relists the three items that we talked about on the prior page, "Titration Focus (increase average" titration -- or "prescription dose by 25 percent," then the next one talks about "Improve mean days on therapy by 15 percent, and reduce percentage of patients on therapy less than 30 days by 10 percent." Do you see that?

Q. And do you see under the next column there's "Base," there's "Goal," and there's "Net Sales." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So your base is an average prescription dose of 21 milligrams. Do you see that?

Q. The goal was 26 milligrams. Do you see that?

Q. And that would add $15 million to your net sales, correct?

Q. Okay. And then in the next column for patient persistency it says, "Base. 103 days on therapy. 49 percent on therapy less than 30 days," correct?

Q. And then the Goal is to have 116 days on therapy, and only 44 percent on therapy for less than 30 days. Do you see that?

Q. And that would increase net sales by a projected $12 million. Do you see that?

Q. So what do you understand this to be saying, or what do you understand the goals and the goals being tied to net sales to be referring to?

Q. The e-mail attachment suggested that these were things or key points that you requested at a meeting, and therefore that's why this was being provided to you, correct?

Q. Let me put 103A back on the screen, please. The second sentence -- well, second sentence after the greeting, "As you requested at the last meeting, we will review the following key areas of the launch plan for the 32-milligram dose." Under point 2 it says, "Patient persistency analysis with budget and net revenues." Do you see that?

Q. So do you remember requesting that you along with your marketing team go over the key areas of the launch plan, one of which was patient persistency analysis with budget and net revenues, which is what we discussed in the PowerPoint?

Q. To the extent the PowerPoint was reviewed with you, do you believe at one point you understood what the PowerPoint was referring to to the extent right now you say you don't know?

Q. All right. Let's keep going. So if you go back to the PowerPoint, turn to -- there's no pages on the PowerPoint so we'll have to count them. So one, two, three, four, five, six. If you could turn to page 7 in the PowerPoint.

Q. I asked if you could turn to Page 7, there's no page numbers on the PowerPoint so you just have to count them, but the heading is "Patient Persistency - Key Strategic Imperative for Commercial Success."

Q. Okay. And do you see that there are sort of three different graphs on the page?

Q. And the first is comparing titration focus of Exalgo 32 with Opana ER. Do you see that?

Q. The next one is comparing mean days of therapy between Exalgo 32 and Opana ER. Do you see that?

Q. And then the last one is comparing Exalgo 32 with Opana ER for percent of patients on therapy for less than 30 days. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Does this refresh your recollection at all that Opana ER was viewed as a direct competitor to Exalgo 32?

Q. Okay. If you could turn to the last page of the PowerPoint. The heading is "Conclusions," right?

Q. Under number 2 it says, "Patient Persistency will be key to success for 32," which I assume means Exalgo 32. Do you see that?

Q. And then in bold, the number after that says "approximately $30 million," right?

Q. We're measuring success in terms of millions of dollars, correct?

Q. Well, sitting here today looking at this document which appears to have been provided to you at your request, what do you take that to mean, "Patient Persistency will be key to success for 32 "?

Q. If you received this document at your request today, what would you understand that phrase to mean?

Q. You can put that document away. Look at Exhibit 88, please.

Q. Do you have the document?

Q. Okay. So this is an e-mail from Shawna Hankins dated 8/21/2012 to you, Mark Trudeau," subject "Warmest . Thanks from Phoenix team." Do you see that?

Q. Based on her signature line, Shawna Hankins was the Phoenix District Manager at Mallinckrodt at the time. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. She writes to you, "I wanted to extend my sincerest thanks from Ashley Skop, Shelly Sheldahl and myself. The key customers you met with, Jerome Grove, Brittany Jones, Eric Feldman, and Jay Bernstein are the cornerstone to the success of Exalgo in the Phoenix market. These providers represent a strong demographic in the prescribing trends within the Phoenix market." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall meeting with these providers, Mr. Grove, Ms. Jones, Mr. Feldman, Mr. Bernstein, from the Phoenix market with respect to Exalgo?

Q. Do you remember anything about this meeting?

Q. Is it the case that from time to time as part of your job you meet with prescribers of the company's opioids products?

Q. And so is it your view that you were meeting with these prescribers for you to learn about your products, or that you were meeting with them to ensure the success of Exalgo, one of your opioids products?

Q. And Shawna Hankins was a district sales manager, correct?

Q. You can put that document away. Exhibit 173 was inadvertently left out of the hard copies. It was e-mailed this morning. We can pull up a version, I hope, on the video.

Q. The top of the document says "Specialty Pharmaceuticals Monthly Update April." Do you see that?

Q. And then it shows April fiscal year '12. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So this is, I guess, a few months after you took over at Mallinckrodt and shortly as you were preparing for the spinoff and public filing of the following year, correct?

Q. Okay. So if you can turn -- let me first ask, do you recognize this document?

Q. Putting aside whether you recognize this specific document, do you recall receiving or being made aware of Specialty Pharmaceuticals' financials on a monthly basis?

Q. Why would you get a report on sales?

Q. If you would turn to the page with the Bates number ending in 56, please. And if you can scroll to the very bottom of that page. Okay. So under "Trade," do you see that, Mr. Trudeau?

Q. In the context of a Specialty Pharmaceuticals financials update, do you know what "trade" is referring to?

Q. Okay. If you go about a little more than halfway down the paragraph Trade there's a sentence that begins, "The Exalgo 32 launch strategy." Do you see that?

Q. And the sentence reads, "The 32 launch strategy discussions continue to take place with our key customers including McKesson and Cardinal." Do you see that?

Q. Well, it's excerpted from "Specialty Pharmaceuticals Monthly Update April," that's the first page of the document. These are documents that were produced by your attorneys, the company's attorneys, to us, Mr. Trudeau. It was produced as a single document.

Q. Regardless of what the document is, I think I can ask you specifically about certain things in the document and see whether or not you recall or know what it means, and then we can discuss whether or not there's a need to sort of sort out this broader context. "The Exalgo 32 launch strategies discussions continue to take place with our key customers including McKesson and." McKesson and Cardinal -- we already discussed McKesson was a distributor. Cardinal was also a distributor, correct?

Q. Okay. Well, I'm not asking you what the context is. I'm asking you whether or not you recall that the Exalgo 32 launch strategy discussions were taking place with Mallinckrodt's key customers, McKesson and Cardinal.

Q. Do you know that McKesson and Cardinal were two key customers of Mallinckrodt?

Q. You can put that document away.

Q. So after the formation of the PLC, you continued to be involved in launch planning and with respect to marketing and sales of your opioids products, correct, Mr. Trudeau?

Q. You were involved in the launch planning for Xartemis XR, which was first big launch plan for the new company, correct -- or the first big launch for the new company?

Q. And you were involved in the planning and the launch of that opioids product, correct?

Q. And that product Xartemis XR was being launched into states across the United States, including Rhode Island, correct?

Q. The plan was to sell that product nationally, correct?

Q. And under your direction, the company was planning to add up to 200 sales reps for the purpose of marketing Xartemis, correct?

Q. And in fact, you encouraged -- you wanted to make sure that they were pulling in Cadence sales reps to help with marketing of Xartemis, correct?

Q. What was Cadence, if you recall?

Q. That product was used in hospitals, correct?

Q. So you wanted to bring in the sales reps to work on promoting Xartemis -- and I'm sorry if I'm mispronouncing it -- to hospitals and other customers, correct?

Q. You recall that you were asked to review advertising slogans specifically for Xartemis?

Q. Do you recall that you were involved in marketing and messaging discussions with respect to Xartemis?

Q. And do you recall attending a launch meeting for Xartemis in Orlando where you were rehearsing your part of the launch of that product?

Q. What's the purpose of a launch?

Q. What does launch mean in the company lingo?

Q. Right. To market and sell a product to market, a new product to the market, correct?

Q. Who attended launch meetings at? Would you bring in third parties, people outside the company?

Q. Would prescribers, would doctors, pain specialists, would they be invited to a launch meeting?

Q. Is it possible?

Q. You've attended launch meetings, Mr. Trudeau, I haven't, so I'm asking at the launch meetings that you attended, do you recall whether there were people from outside the company, including customers or physicians or even patients, who would have attended or who would have been invited to attend those meetings?

Q. Do you recall giving interviews to media with respect to the Xartemis launch?

Q. Do you recall reviewing documents with the executive committee where Rhode Island was listed as one of the most attractive targets for Xartemis?

Q. Do you recall participating in healthcare conferences where you promoted the company and the company's opioids products?

Q. Do you recall at those healthcare conferences whether you ever specifically discussed the company's opioids products or plaids business?

Q. Who would attend these type of healthcare conferences?

Q. Who was the audience?

Q. And would there ever be prescribers or pharmacy executives, distributor executives, patient groups, anything along those lines?

Q. Let's take them separately. Do you recall attending healthcare conferences where you spoke about the company or the company's business, and it was attended by members of the medical profession or the healthcare community?

Q. And do you recall if you ever attended conferences where drugstore chains or pharmacies would be in attendance?

Q. And would members from your key customers, McKesson, Cardinal, ever be present at healthcare conferences where you spoke?

Q. Okay. There were a lot of objections about foundation, and I'm going to go back through and show you documents that line up with all of these points and I'm going to ask you about those.

Q. If you could take a look at Exhibit 1.

Q. This is a press release. It looks like it was put out by Mallinckrodt PLC. Do you see that?

Q. And is that correct, that this was press release put out by Mallinckrodt PLC?

Q. And the headline is "Mallinckrodt PLC Receives FDA Approval for Xartemis XR," correct?

Q. So the company Mallinckrodt PLC is marketing Xartemis as its product, correct?

Q. Well, in this press release, which is a marketing document, it is stating that it, Mallinckrodt PLC, receives FDA approval for Xartemis, correct?

Q. If you could take a look at Exhibit 48.

Q. This is an exhibit that has a little exhibit sticker at the bottom because it was previously used in the O'Neill deposition, but we will mark it here anew as Exhibit 48. So it's an e-mail to you, Mark, CC'ing Matt Harbaugh and others from Hugh O'Neill dated 12/13/2013, correct?

Q. The subject line is "Xartemis Messaging." Do you see that?

Q. And in the body of the e-mail, which is pretty short, Hugh states to you, "I have attached one slide that represents our messaging for Xartemis XR." And then he says, "For purposes of next week, I would recommend that the focus be on 'the onset you expect. The duration they deserve'." Do you see that?

Q. Then if you go down he says, "As we spoke about at the EC, we will be testing this messaging with physicians and payers." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall speaking about the Xartemis messaging at, I guess, executive committee meetings?

Q. And do you see anyone on the To, obviously it's just yourself, or the CC line who was an executive for Mallinckrodt LLC on this e-mail?

Q. So at the time Kathy Schaefer was -- had the title, in addition to being controller, were you aware she had the title of Mallinckrodt LLC?

Q. And you don't see Kathy Schaefer's name on here, do you?

Q. You don't see John Einwalter's name on this document, do you?

Q. And you don't see Marvin Haselhorst's name on this document, do you?

Q. You can put that document away. The messaging that you were discussing at the executive committee meetings and with Mr. O'Neill with respect to Xartemis was messaging that was planned to be used for the entire United States, correct?

Q. No part of your conversations involved any sort of geographic limitation, did it?

Q. If you could look at Exhibit 137, please.

Q. Okay. So this is an e-mail, a one page e-mail, the bottom e-mail is from someone named Diane Brendel to Lori Hamilton and Kimberly Moos. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Great. So Lori Hamilton was your assistant, correct?

Q. Is she still your assistant?

Q. When did she leave? Or is she still with Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you know when she left the company, or when she stopped being your assistant?

Q. And who is your current assistant, or who replaced her as your assistant?

Q. And has Amy Chang been your assistant consistently since Lori Hamilton left?

Q. And whose assistant is Kimberly Moos?

Q. And who was she the special assistant to in 2014?

Q. Okay. So the e-mail says, "I wanted to touch base with both you about the Xartemis XR launch meeting March 17th to the 21st in Orlando." Do you see that?

Q. So the 17th to the 21st is five days. What's involved in five days of a launch meeting for a drug at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And is this the type of meeting where you invite persons from outside of Mallinckrodt to attend?

Q. You spoke at the meeting, correct?

Q. Do you remember from having been at the meeting who else was at the meeting?

Q. So the next sentence reads, "We have Mark on the addenda to speak at the opening general session that begins at 3 p.m. on Monday, March 17th." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall speaking at the Xartemis XR launch meeting in 2014?

Q. And it refers to reaching out to somebody called Nancy to pull together talking points and slides for you. Who is Nancy?

Q. You can finish your answer, Mr. Trudeau.

Q. Who was the Nancy that you were going to say in your last answer?

Q. Who was Nancy Stauder?

Q. Did she work for Meredith Fischer?

Q. Okay. You can put that document away. To the best of your ability, can you tell me in your words what a launch meeting is?

Q. And would those individuals include members of your sales force?

Q. Do you recall if the Xartemis launch meeting over five days in Orlando included members of the company's sales force?

Q. If you could look at Exhibit 97 and Exhibit 98. I think those go together.

Q. Okay. So 97, I believe, is the cover e-mail to 98. So let's look at 97 first. So it's an e-mail from Meredith Fischer who we discussed sent 11/25/2013 to yourself, Mark Trudeau, and others, it looks like a number of your executive committee members, is that correct?

Q. And again, do you see Kathy Schaefer's name in this To line?

Q. And Mr. Einwalter, do you see his name?

Q. And Mr. Haselhorst, do you see his name?

Q. Do you recall if any of those three individual were involved in the messaging or launch of Xartemis XR?

Q. And do you recall if they had any responsibilities with respect to the messaging or launch of Xartemis XR?

Q. So Ms. Fischer is saying "Dear all," and she says -- the subject line is "Urgent: Refined Key Messages/Q&A, Xartemis XR Extension." Do you see that?

Q. So now we're a number of -- strike that. She says, "Dear all: I was asked to provide a bit more context around the first answer in this catalog. Please see the amended document." And then she goes on, and calls out certain people by name. And she refers specifically to Lynn. I guess that's Lynn Phillips that's CC'd, is that correct?

Q. Do you know who Lynn Phillips is?

Q. So it says, "Please include/provide for Mark for the interview with the St. Louis Business Journal." Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall that you were talking with media about Xartemis XR?

Q. If you look at document Exhibit Number 98, this was what we received with the attachment e-mail?

Q. Yes, "Xartemis XR - Review Extension Talking Points, Q&A. For Use Following Press Release being issued Monday, November 25th at 7:00 a.m. CST." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall at this time having reviewed or received these talking points?

Q. If you look at the Q&A under question number 2 it's talking about the, P-A-I-N, "PAIN conference in September Mallinckrodt presented data from the Phase III clinic trials and Human Abuse Liability studies associated with Xartemis XR." Do you know what that PAIN conference is referring to?

Q. Do you recall attending any conferences, I guess, organized or held by PAIN?

Q. Do you know who they are, the group, all capitals, PAIN?

Q. If you turn to the next page of the document, of the talking points, question number 8 reads, "Will you continue with your planned sales force expansion through InVentive?" And InVentive is spelled capital I-N capital V-E-N-T-I-V-E. Do you see that?

Q. Yes. It's question number 8. It's on the screen if you want to look at the screen, too, if that's easier.

Q. And who was InVentive?

Q. I see. So you paid them for contract sales reps to assist you in this case with the Xartemis launch, but would you -- well, let me stop there. Is that correct?

Q. And then the answer for the talking points you were provided for your interviews with media was, "Yes. We are continuing with our launch planning and ramp up. This includes the planned expansion of our sales force through working with InVentive." Do you see that?

Q. And so do you recall the circumstances where the company was continuing with the launch planning and ramp up?

Q. Do you remember expanding your sales force through working with InVentive to market the product?

Q. Who would have signed off on the contracts with InVentive to bring over contract sales reps to work on the launch or marketing of Xartemis?

Q. You can put that document away. If you could take a look at Exhibit 142.

Q. Okay. So the bottom e-mail that was sent to you, it's from Nancy Stauder, and I think you talked about her a little earlier. Do you see that?

Q. And she e-mailed you it appears on January 15th, 2014, and the e-mail appears to be discussing some sort of J.P. Morgan, I think it's a healthcare conference. Do I have that right?

Q. So it sound like, to the extent you're familiar with this, you attended the J.P. Morgan healthcare conferences on behalf of the company?

Q. And what type of role would you have at these conferences typically?

Q. So it says -- I'll rephrase. So you were provided slides from Nancy Stauder to you, it sounds like, as part of your presentation at the conference. Do you recall what you spoke about at the January 2014 J.P. Morgan healthcare conference?

Q. And do you recall speaking specifically at that conference about the Xartemis XR launch?

Q. You can put that document away. Pull out documents 50 and 51, please.

Q. So Xartemis was referred to before approval as MNK 795, correct?

Q. Okay. If you look at DOCUMENT 50, which was also used in the O'Neill deposition, but we'll mark here as Exhibit 50, the top e-mail is an e-mail from Hugh O'Neill dated 10/29/2013, and it's forwarding a message from Terry Terifay to Mark C. Trudeau, among others, it looks like, including members of your executive committee, correct?

Q. Okay. And the subject of the forwarded e-mail is "Xartemis XR EC Update," correct?

Q. And "EC" stands for executive committee?

Q. And the opening line says, "Executive Committee and Xartemis XR Core Team Members," correct?

Q. And again, I'm going to ask you whether or not you see Kathy Schaefer, Mr. Einwalter, or Mr. Haselhorst's, Marvin Haselhorst's, e-mails or names on this list of core team members of Xartemis XR.

Q. Do you have any recollection whether or not Ms. Schaefer, Mr. Haselhorst, or Mr. Einwalter were core team members of Xartemis XR?

Q. Okay. So this says, "Please find the attached presentation," and then if you open up to the next page you'll see there's a presentation attached. And this is referred to as the "Xartemis XR Executive Committee Update" dated October 29, 2013, correct?

Q. So what was the purpose of these executive committee updates?

Q. Okay. And do you recall reviewing these documents or having meetings to review the documents? The e-mail refers to an update at 2:00 p.m., so I assume there was some sort of call or meeting?

Q. And to the extent the executive committee disagreed with anything in the presentation or in the planning, did you have an ability to voice your opinions or your disagreement at these meetings?

Q. So if you turn two pages, I think these were photocopied back to back, so one page, but keep going because of the video. Yes. So the PowerPoint was being presented by Terry Terifay, Vice President Marketing, Specialty Pharmaceuticals." Do you see that?

Q. So I'm just going to walk through a couple of the slides. If you'll turn to slide 9, and the number is in the bottom middle. That's right. So that slide is captioned "Xartemis XR Prescriber Base." Do you see that?

Q. If you look on the page before, this was -- the presenter for this was -- the heading was Field Sales Territory Alignment & Targeting, and it was presented by Sanjeev Luther, Vice President Global Business Insights and Forecasting, correct?

Q. So the page before page 9 makes clear who was making the presentation on page 9, so I'm asking you, this particular section was being presented under the heading Field Sales Territory Alignment & Targeting by somebody named Sanjeev Luther, Vice President Global Business Insights and Forecasting. Do you see that?

Q. Who was Sanjeev at that time in 2013?

Q. Do you recall if he worked for the PLC?

Q. Do you recall who he reported directly to?

Q. Did he report directly to you?

Q. Do you know if he reported indirectly to you?

Q. So if you look at page 9, it talks about "Xartemis XR Prescriber Base." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And at the bottom of this document in very small type under footnote 1, it says, "Includes physicians in Vermont." Do you see that?

Q. Do you know why that's there?

Q. Do you see that under -- strike that. If you could turn to the slide that's after slide 10. It does not have a number on it. That's right. Do you see it shows a heat map?

Q. Do you see it says, "Heat Map Scenario. Total market "?

Q. Do you see Rhode Island? It's pretty small, but if we could expand it a little bit, do you see Rhode Island on that map?

Q. Do you see that Rhode Island is marked in red?

Q. Well, do you know which state is Rhode Island?

Q. I'm sorry. Do you know which state on the map, the United States map, is Rhode Island?

Q. Okay. Can you see where there's a marking of red?

Q. Okay. Well, if I overlay a map of the United States on that with Rhode Island on it, the one slash of red that's the furthest to the -- I guess the east is Rhode Island. Would you agree with that?

Q. And one of the colors you see is a dark red color, correct?

Q. And then there also appears to be some light pink coloration within that circle, correct?

Q. Okay. So if you look under the note, it says "5," which is red, is "Most Attractive." And do you know what that means?

Q. Do you know what the company considered to be an attractive target market for purposes of marketing of Xartemis XR?

Q. So the most attractive targets were areas where there was higher opioids prescribing, correct?

Q. I'm asking you if you know that.

Q. Sitting here today, do you know what would make a particular state or portions of a particular state considered a, quote, most attractive target for the marketing of an opioids drug?

Q. If you could turn to the slide that on the left-hand side has number 20 on it? It's the second to last page.

Q. So the heading here is "Largest pharmacy chains will have Xartemis XR available to order at their Wholesaler Day One of Trade Launch." Do you see that?

Q. And what does that mean?

Q. So pharmacy chains, Walgreen's, CVS, Rite Aid, Walmart, do you see those?

Q. And you were a supplier to all of those, correct?

Q. Right. So Walgreen's was a customer, CVS was a customer, Rite Aid was a customer, and so on, correct, of Mallinckrodt?

Q. And it lists the count of stores, I suppose, under "Count," 8,300 for Walgreen's, 7,400 for CVS, 4,600 for Rite Aid, and so on. Do you see those?

Q. So Walgreen's, CVS, Rite Aid, Walmart, these are all initial pharmacy chains, correct?

Q. They all have a presence in Rhode Island, correct?

Q. Well, CVS is headquartered in Rhode Island, correct?

Q. But you knew that you were a supplier to each of these national chains, including CVS, correct?

Q. You can put that document away. 51. Exhibit 51 is an e-mail from Hugh O'Neill dated November 8th, 2013 to Lori Hamilton. you see that?

Q. It follows a few days after the last document we looked at, is that correct?

Q. And Hugh was asking assistant, Lori Hamilton, to send you a message, and the message is "Mark, Congratulations on a Mallinckrodt Live" -- and Live is spelled with a capital L -- "event. It went extremely well." What was the Mallinckrodt Live event?

Q. Who was of the audience at these town hall events?

Q. Would that include members of the Mallinckrodt sales force?

Q. Then he goes on and says, "I have attached the updated version of the BOD presentation which includes the revisions that we discussed yesterday. "Thanks for all your guidance on this one." Do you see that?

Q. Is that part of your job, to review, provide edits to revisions to board of directors' presentations?

Q. Okay. So if you turn to the presentation that you reviewed and revised, this was a presentation to the board of directors of Mallinckrodt PLC by Hugh O'Neill, November 22nd, 2013, correct?

Q. And it had to do with the XR launch plan, correct?

Q. If you turn to the next page, you'll see in the right-hand side it says, "Launch Critical Success Factors." Do you see that?

Q. The next page.

Q. It says, "Sales Promotion," "Market Access," "KOLs/Advocacy." Do you see that?

Q. So part of the critical success factors of Xartemis including a sales force expansion to 350, which was on track?

Q. Well, to the extent this is a document you reviewed and revised, I suppose I'm asking first for your recollection.

Q. And under "Market Access" it says, "Premium pricing strategy finalized with parity pricing to branded competition." Do you see that?

Q. "Focusing on top 30 accounts responsible for 140 million lives." Do you see that?

Q. And then the last one has to do with key opinion leaders. It says, "Key opinion leader identification to support access and advocacy work underway."

Q. Then it says, "Targeting top 12 percent of influencers, which accounts for 250 people." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall working with Mr. O'Neill on putting together this presentation for the board of directors with respect to the Xartemis launch?

Q. And if you keep turning -- well, let me ask you this. Do you recall if you made any revisions to the Launch Critical Success Factors portion of this presentation?

Q. And if you turn to the next page, "Targeting 50,000 high value prescribers across multiple specialties." Do you see that?

Q. When you reviewed and revised this presentation for the board of directors, what did you understand a high value prescriber to be?

Q. And do you see -- we talked earlier about a heat map that had like red and pink markings on it, I was asking about Rhode Island. Do you see that there's a similar map at the bottom of this particular slide?

Q. And do you see, again this is probably even smaller, but it appears that Rhode Island is marked in red and/or light pink? Do you see that?

Q. Well, I think Jon is trying to blow it up on the screen so you can see it on the screen. Do you see that?

Q. Right. The predominant color being a dark red, right?

Q. Would you agree that that's Rhode Island?

Q. That's Rhode Island, right, Mr. Trudeau?

Q. If you could keep turning to the slide that is marked on the bottom left-hand -- right-hand corner as slide 6. Do you see that there's a pyramid?

Q. Okay. And the title is "Expediting KOL and Advocacy work to support prescription uptake." Do you see that?

Q. What did you understand that to mean, or what do you understand that to mean?

Q. Do you recall at the time you received this presentation and made revisions to it and gave it back to Hugh for purposes of the board of directors presentation what you thought "expediting KOL and advocacy work to support prescription uptake" meant?

Q. Do you know what a KOL is?

Q. What is a key opinion leader?

Q. So how did the company use key opinion leaders to support prescription uptake?

Q. Are you basing what you know a key opinion leader to be off this particular document, or do you have knowledge as to what

Q. Then this has tiers, national key opinion leaders, regional key opinion leaders, local key opinion leaders. Do you see that?

Q. Do you understand what the difference is between a national, regional, and local key opinion leader is?

Q. So putting aside this document, as used at the company, do you have an understanding of what the difference is between a national, regional, and local key opinion leader is?

Q. So on the first page of this document Hugh O'Neill thanked you for your "Thanks for all of your guidance on this one." What was he thanking you for to the extent your answers to my questions about this document appear to be you don't know?

Q. If you could pull out Exhibit 131.

Q. So the top e-mail is an e-mail from Hugh O'Neill dated 4/16/2014 to you, Mark Trudeau. Subject line, "Re: Xartemis XR Launch Tracking." Do you see that?

Q. What does "launch tracking" mean?

Q. And if you see, Hugh is responding to an e-mail that you sent him that is dated April 15th, 2014 where you say, "What are your plans to use the Cadence reps for this launch?" Correct?

Q. What did you mean by that?

Q. Recommending that Hugh and his team use the Cadence reps for the Xartemis XR launch?

Q. And is that your recollection from the time, or is that how you're interpreting this document sitting here today?

Q. Do you recall thinking that would be a good idea to use the Cadence reps for the Xartemis launch?

Q. And in his response to you, he says, "Mark, Once we get past the price reset and volume stabilizes, it is our intention to have the Cadence reps carry XXR into clinics and ERs." Do you see that?

Q. And XXR stands for Xartemis XR, correct?

Q. Okay. Put that document away. If you could take a look at Exhibit 114.

Q. This is an e-mail from Rhonda Sciarra, I think whose name we've come across and discussed before, dated 7/28/2015 to Hugh O'Neill, to yourself, Mark Trudeau, Matt Harbaugh, Walt Kaczmarek -- sorry if I mispronounced that -- and Meredith Fischer, correct?

Q. And the subject line is "FYI: PRC Approved Final NACDS Specialty Generics Q&As and Profile." Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what that's referring to?

Q. And in the body of the e-mail she says, "For your reference, attached are the final Q&As and generics business profile - as approved by PRC." And I previously asked you about promotional review committee. Do you think PRC stands for promotional review committee?

Q. It goes on and says, "for the fall's National Association of Chain Drug Stores Total Store Expo meeting publication. "There were some light changes made, namely removing formal product names and any potential claims." Do you see that?

Q. Why was she sending to you and to Hugh O'Neill the Q&As and generics business profile that was going to be contained in the Chain Drug Store's meeting publication?

Q. Do you know if you had any contribution to the Q&As and the generics business profile that was featured in that Chain Drug Store's meeting publication?

Q. Have you ever participated in any sort of meeting with the National Association of Chain Drug Stores?

Q. Do you know whether or not -- we talked a little earlier about a number of national chain drugstores, do you know -- including, I think it was Walgreen's, CVS, Rite Aid, Walmart. Do you know if those were all members of the National Association of Chain Drug Stores?

Q. If you could take a look at Exhibit 116.

Q. So as we received it, 116 is one of the attachments to 114. The heading says, "Final Approved by PRC, NACDS Fall 2015 Meeting," and then the first Q&A is with Mark Trudeau, president and chief executive officer. Do you see that?

Q. That's you, correct?

Q. So these statements that are to appear in the National Association of Chain Drugs Stores meeting publication are being attributed to you, is that correct?

Q. And question number 3 says, "What are the company's plans for the Specialty Generics segment?" Do you see that?

Q. And you talk about Mallinckrodt having decades of experience in this area, "enjoys one of the broadest, most diverse specialty generic portfolios in the industry with over 40 different products and a significant market share in controlled substances." Do you see that?

Q. "We continually demonstrate our commitment to leadership through our ability to promise customers a reliable source of supply, ensure quality and stay competitive in the marketplace." Do you see that?

Q. The customers you're referring to include the chain drugstores, correct?

Q. In this statement by you that's being published in the publication of the National Association of Chain Drug Stores?

Q. What benefit was there to the company to make statements like this in the National Association of Chain Drug Stores' meeting publication?

Q. You're promoting the company, and particularly you're promoting the Specialty Generics segment, correct?

Q. You can put that document away. If you could take a look at document 81, please.

Q. Just for the record, this document is an e-mail from Stephen Littlejohn dated 6/2/2012 to Thomas Smith, Mark Trudeau, Michael Giuliani, and the subject is "Re: continual scrutiny." Do you see that?

Q. This is pre-spin time period, correct?

Q. So if you go to the bottom e-mail, which is on the third page, the last page, there's an e-mail being forwarded to you, and it's forwarded to you, among others, and it's from Michael Giuliani, and it says, "These stories are getting more common and vitriolic." Do you see that?

Q. If you look up on the screen.

Q. Okay. So then it's attaching a link to a story which appears to be called "Long-term opioid use questioned for chronic pain." Do you see that?

Q. And it goes on and says -- well, I think this is taken from the attachment, "More study is needed into the efficacy using opioids to treat chronic noncancer-related pain in the long term, according to pain experts attending a two-day FDA public meeting." Do you see that?

Q. But that's what's stated in that sentence below the language from Michael Giuliani, "These stories are getting more common and vitriolic," correct?

Q. And then it goes on and it talks about the "prescription plaids to treat chronic long-term pain, due to abuse and lack of conclusive evidence," and then there's a quote, and the quote is, "'[Opioids'] increasing use has resulted in a clearly unacceptable increase in addiction, overdose, and death,' said Douglas Throckmorton, the FDA's deputy director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research." Do you see that?

Q. It continues to quote Mr. Throckmorton and it says, "We need to start with science. We know less than we would like to about chronic, noncancer pain." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So then you forward this back to Michael Giuliani, CC'ing David Silver, Thomas Smith, Stephen Littlejohn, and you say, "Thanks Michael. Any suggestions as to what we should do about this." Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall what you meant by that question?

Q. Do you recall what you meant by that question?

Q. Meaning should you -- I'm trying to understand what that means.

Q. Who is the expert in your company?

Q. And another expert would be Thomas Smith who was your chief medical officer at the time, correct?

Q. Do you know if any of the responses you got back were, well, let's engage medical experts in more study as to whether or not plaids are effective to treat chronic noncancer-related pain in the long-term?

Q. Do you recall if any of the responses you got back from the company's experts were, well, let's start with the science, let's really figure out what the science says, let's learn more about chronic noncancer pain?

Q. Do you recall if the company at your direction of asking what should we do about this, hired more scientists and engaged in scientific studies into whether or not plaids are effective to treat chronic noncancer related pain in the long-term?

Q. Do you know if R&D invested money to look into the science and to learn as much as they possibly could about chronic noncancer pain?

Q. Do you know whether anyone at the company had any valid science or data to support that opioids were appropriate or effective to treat long-term pain?

Q. You can answer.

Q. What was on the label in 2012, Mr. Trudeau, about -- on opioids that your company was selling about the effectiveness to treat long-term chronic pain?

Q. Why did you say in your answer "except what was on the label"?

Q. But you don't know what was on the label?

Q. And the FDA was saying, we need to start with science, we know less than we would like to about chronic noncancer pain, and the FDA --

Q. Well, the quote that you read, Mr. Trudeau, are quoting the deputy director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research at the FDA, he is saying that plaids' increasing use has resulted in a clearly unacceptable increase in addiction, overdose and death. We need to start with science. We know less than we would like to about chronic noncancer pain." Correct?

Q. But you believe that the FDA label approved at the time for your opioids products stated that they were safe and effective for use to treat chronic pain long-term?

Q. Let me ask you again. In 2012, when you were forwarding this on asking your company's experts whether they had any suggestions as to what we should do about this, did you understand the company to have any scientific data to support the safety or effectiveness of using your opioids products to treat chronic pain long-term?

Q. Sitting here today, do you know whether at any point between 2013 and today your company's experts have any reliable scientific data to demonstrate safety and effectiveness of the use of your plaids products to treat chronic pain long-term?

Q. Mr. Trudeau, you're familiar with the agreement that Mallinckrodt PLC and Mallinckrodt LLC signed with DOJ and the DEA in 2017, correct?

Q. So in 2017, Mallinckrodt PLC and Mallinckrodt LLC signed a settlement agreement with the Department of Justice, DEA division, for $35 million. Are you familiar with that agreement?

Q. And were you involved in any way with the DEA's investigation into the company that resulted in that agreement?

Q. And were you -- so there were two subpoenas that were issued in 2011 and 2012 to Mallinckrodt before the spinoff related to that investigation, is that correct?

Q. When is the first time you became aware that the DEA was investigating Mallinckrodt's practices that led to the settlement agreement in 2017?

Q. So 2013 you became aware of it?

Q. I'll rephrase the question.

Q. When you said after you joined the company, did you mean pre-spinoff?

Q. Was it sometime around 2012-2013 that you first learned about the DEA's investigation into the company's practices?

Q. So I'm not asking for a specific date. I'm asking for approximately what year you think you learned of the DEA's investigation into the company's practices.

Q. What did you understand the DEA was investigating?

Q. When you learned of this investigation, what did you as president and CEO of the company do?

Q. And at the time who was the general counsel that you directed to handle the DEA investigation?

Q. Peter Edwards?

Q. And when did Peter Edwards leave or stop being general counsel for the company?

Q. And he was replaced by Michael-Bryant Hicks, is that correct?

Q. So did you understand that the investigation or responsibility for the investigation passed from general counsel to the next general counsel to the next general counsel?

Q. So is it fair to say that the responsibility for the DEA investigation was housed within the general counsel's office?

Q. And when you learned about this investigation into the company's supply chain and into the company's suspicious order monitoring program, did you take any steps or appoint any committee to look into the supply chain, or to look into the company's suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Right. I understand you asked the general counsel to be responsible for handling the investigation. I'm asking a different question, which is whether you appointed anyone at the company to look into the company's suspicious order monitoring practices, policies, processes, and to determine whether or not those could be improved or enhanced in any way.

Q. So what did you specifically ask the general counsel to oversee when you learned of the DEA investigation?

Q. Okay. So you didn't ask him to study the company's suspicious order monitoring program and determine if it could be enhanced or improved in any way, is that correct?

Q. From the day that you learned about the DEA investigation, did you take the position within your company that we need to ensure that our suspicious order monitoring program is robust, and whatever money or time needs to be spent to ensure that, that money and time should and will be spent? Did you engage in any kind of directive along those lines?

Q. Who was responsible before the investigation, who was the person or committee at the company responsible for Mallinckrodt's suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. After the spinoff, who did you understand was responsible for the company's suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. So I am now taking away the DEA investigation. I'm not asking you about that investigation. I'm asking you, when the PLC formed, who did you appoint or who at the company was the person or persons responsible for the company's suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. But you did not at the time you took over as president and CEO of Mallinckrodt PLC appoint one of your executives or someone who worked for the company to take on the role of being responsible for the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Do you recall at the time you were at Covidien pre-spin that Covidien had something called the DEA oversight committee?

Q. Or the SOMs, suspicious order monitoring leadership committee, something along those lines?

Q. Or the DEA steering committee? Are any of those committees familiar to you?

Q. So is it fair to say after the PLC was formed, you're not aware whether the company had any such committees?

Q. What did you know in 2013-2014 after the PLC was formed about Mallinckrodt's system to monitor and detect suspicious orders?

Q. So I think you said FDA, and you probably misspoke, right? You meant DEA?

Q. Who did you hear from and during what year that the DEA had complimented your program as being state of the art?

Q. But do you recall beyond hearing from somebody that this compliment had been given, who was responsible at the company for the program?

Q. Did you direct any more company dollars or resources to the system to monitor and detect suspicious orders in 2013 or 2014 after the PLC was formed?

Q. Sitting here today, do you know who is responsible at the company, who is responsible for Mallinckrodt's system to monitor and detect suspicious orders?

Q. And who is that?

Q. And so earlier we talked about Don Lohman and him having something to do with the DEA. What was his role with respect to any relationship with the DEA?

Q. And in the 2013, 2014, 2015 time period, did Don Lohman report to you?

Q. Who did he report to?

Q. And as part of your role either on the board of directors or as president and CEO of the company, when were you aware of the ongoing DEA investigation, did you require updates or briefings or education as to either the investigation or the company's system to monitor and detect suspicious orders?

Q. Were there updates beyond updates regarding the investigation?

Q. And who at the company, if anyone, was interviewed or talked to DOJ or DEA agents with respect to the investigation?

Q. But you were not, correct?

Q. Do you know if Don Lohman was interviewed or talked to the DEA with respect to the investigation?

Q. Are you aware that there are certain conduct changes by the company required as part of the settlement agreement with the DEA?

Q. So is it fair to say you're not aware whether or not any of those conduct changes were made?

Q. And as president and chairman or CEO and as member of the board, do you recall getting updates on what changes the company was making, if any, to address some of the issues resulting from the DEA investigation?

Q. So what do you recall generally, if anything?

Q. And who told you that things were being handled appropriately?

Q. And now who are we referring to?

Q. Right. I'm asking who was the general counsel at the time that shared with you that things were being handled appropriately?

Q. And do you know if you had any operations folks, not lawyers, but operations folks who were responsible for the company's suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. And if someone at the company on your executive committee would know that, if there were such a person, who on your executive committee would know who that person was?

Q. Are you aware that as part of the DEA agreement, Mallinckrodt agreed that at certain times during the covered time period prior to January 1st, 2012, certain aspects of Mallinckrodt's system to monitor and detect suspicious orders did not meet the standards outlined in letters from the DEA Deputy Administrator, Office of Diversion Control? I'm not asking if you knew about the system, I'm asking whether or not you are aware that Mallinckrodt agreed to the information I just read in the DEA settlement.

Q. I'm first -- I just first am asking you whether or not you know if that's something that Mallinckrodt agreed to in the settlement.

Q. So do you know what changes were implemented after the covered time period, which is January 1st, 2012, so after when you joined the company, what changes, if any, were made to Mallinckrodt's system to monitor and detect suspicious orders?

Q. And sitting here today, 2020, having worked with the company since 2012, do you have any detail or information or knowledge about Mallinckrodt's system to monitor and detect suspicious orders?

Q. And where does that confidence derive -- from where does that confidence derive?

Q. And who -- which general counsel specifically do you have confidence in that this had been handled?

Q. But you don't have -- beyond having confidence in your general counsel, you don't have any specific knowledge about the quality of Mallinckrodt's system to monitor and detect suspicious orders, is that fair?

Q. Do you know which entity paid the $35 million settlement to the DEA?

Q. So is it fair to say you don't know whether or not that money came out of PLC?

Q. And in 2017, that would have been Matt Harbaugh?

Q. If could you take a look at Exhibit 164.

Q. So for the record, this is an article published in The Hill entitled "Saving future generations from prescription drug abuse, By Mark Trudeau, Contributor," dated 10/10/16. Do you see that?

Q. And do you recall writing this article for The Hill?

Q. Do you recall anything about this article, or being involved with this article?

Q. But you're not disagreeing that you are the Mark Trudeau who is the name attached to this article?

Q. And is this the kind of thing that somebody in your communications group would write, and you would agree to lend your name to it? Is that fair?

Q. And to the extent your name is appearing in an article that's published in a national publication, would you review a draft of that article before it went out?

Q. So in the first sentence of the article it says, and I'm quoting, "One of America's most devastating healthcare crises often begins in the most benign of locations: home medicine cabinets." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall writing that?

Q. Do you agree with that statement?

Q. So I said, "Do you agree with that statement?", and you said, "I don't know." Is that correct?

Q. Do you know if in 2016, in October of 2016 you agreed with that statement?

Q. So again, this case is a case that includes claims about the company's deception to the media, to the public, and to patients, prescribers in Rhode Island, there are many other plaids lawsuits against the company related to its deception in other parts of the country, and sitting here today, you don't know whether as president and CEO of a company when you put a statement out in

Q. And October 2016 was just a few months shy of the settlement with the DEA related to its investigation into the company's suspicious order monitoring program, correct?

Q. So this article was written in October of 2016. The DEA settlement was signed by Michael-Bryant Hicks on behalf of the company in July of 2017.

Q. And you're welcome to look over the article, but nowhere in this article do you mention that the company Mallinckrodt is currently under investigation for its role in fueling the healthcare crisis or the opioids epidemic, correct?

Q. And as part of the DEA's settlement, are you aware that a press release was put out by the Department of Justice and the DEA that said, "This is the first settlement of its magnitude with a manufacturer of pharmaceuticals resolving nationwide claims that the company did not meet its obligations to detect and notify DEA of suspicious orders of controlled substances such as oxycodone, the abuse of which is part of the current opioid epidemic"?

Q. And after the settlement with the DEA, did you issue any other article or statements in The Hill or in any other publication starting that one of America's most devastating healthcare crises also begins with your company?

Q. Would you agree, sitting here today, that failure to have adequate suspicious order monitoring controls was a factor in fueling the opioids epidemic?

Q. Would you agree, sitting here today, that the availability of opioids in the marketplace is a factor fueling one of America's most devastating healthcare crises?

Q. Would you agree, sitting here today, that the availability of opioids in the marketplace is a factor fueling -- or that fueled one of America's most devastating healthcare crises?

Q. And you were the largest supplier of opioids products into the US marketplace, correct?

Q. You made available in the US marketplace the most opioids of any company, correct?

Q. Do you think that the opioids that your company manufactured and sold into the US marketplace, do you think that the sheer number of opioids that your company sold into US marketplace played a role in fueling one of America's most devastating healthcare crises?

Q. You think that the blame is on home medicine cabinets, is that fair?

Q. You would put the blame on teenagers or other family members who go into

Q. That's what you say in this article, though, isn't it?

Q. Have you read this article, Mr. Trudeau?

Q. How do you know that what you said in this article is not that diversion happens through home medicine cabinets?

Q. Oh, I see. So you're not disagreeing that you're putting some of the blame for America's most devastating healthcare crises on home medicine cabinets and diversion through home medicine cabinets, is that fair?

Q. It certainly doesn't cast blame on Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Why is it that you don't believe that the availability of opioids in the marketplace, including the drugs that your company manufactured and sold into the marketplace, is tied to America's most devastating healthcare crisis?

Q. Well, isn't the opioids that your company made and sold in the marketplace one part of that -- or one factor in that multifactorial challenge?

Q. What is your basis for saying that?

Q. Well, I'm not asking if it ties only to one factor. I'm asking, in the multifactorial challenge whether one of the factors is your company's conduct?

Q. What changed at the company, if anything, from the time period that the DEA was investigating, which is the pre-2012 period, to the present with respect --

Q. -- to the conduct alleged in the DEA's investigation?

Q. Is the company taking any greater measures to ensure that suspicious orders are monitored and reported than they were in the pre-2012 period?

Q. I'll ask you to take a look at Exhibit 156.

Q. Do you have the document, Mr. Trudeau?

Q. For the record, what we're marking as Exhibit 156 at the top has an e-mail from Meredith Fischer sent 9/25/2017 to Kevin Webb and others, with the subject "Re: Time Sensitive: Patient Response," correct?

Q. If you go to the original bottom e-mail on the last page, it's an e-mail from ricoh-joplin@mallinckrodt.com. Do you see that?

Q. What is that referring to? Whose e-mail at Mallinckrodt is that?

Q. Is that some sort of system within the company from which the company could receive outside e-mails, or e-mails from patients or others?

Q. Okay. Do you see that that e-mail goes to Lori Hamilton?

Q. And that was your assistant, correct?

Q. Okay. So she says in the next e-mail up, she says, "Mark" -- so the subject line is "Request for assistance with Fentanyl products, followup." Do you see that?

Q. She says, "Mark received the attached followup letter fromi *Redacted - PHI *Redacted - PHI And it says, "I believe you were crafting a response to this from the previous send. Please let me know the status." Do you know, sitting here today, anything about this letter that you received fronl *Redacted - PHI

Q. Do you recall this name at all, *Redacted - PHI

Q. Would you, as president and CEO of the company, from time to time receive requests from patients or family members of patients asking the company to pay for their opioids products?

Q. Okay. And if you go back to the page before this last page, so the next to last page, now there are various folks involved including Kevin Webb, Mark Tyndall, Lori Sholtz, Meredith Fischer. Do you see those names on that page?

Q. The page that's on the screen right now.

Q. Okay. If we go back one more page to the page before this one, there's an e-mail you see from Kevin Webb at the very bottom to some of those folks I mentioned.

Q. Okay. It says, "Recently Mark Trudeau received a letter from *Redacted - EPI ,I "Redacted - EPI tequesting MNK's assistance in providing financial assistance for his adult daughter's opioid products. The original letter is attached for reference." Do you see that?

Q. We could not locate the attachment, but there is some description in the next paragraph. It says, "We had several concerns about this request, namely, the off-label use of our fentanyl lollipop product, the sheer volume of opioids the patient is taking and potential risks to the patient or through diversion, and that the request is coming from the patient's father, and not a physician." you see that?

Q. Does this help to refresh your recollection in any way about receiving a . , request or a letter from somebody namedl *Redacted - ER I ! ! *Redacted - EPI

Q. Do you know what action your company took, if any, with respect to this particular patient who was engaged in the off-label use of your fentanyl lollipop product, and who was apparently getting a significant volume of opioids, and where your personnel were referencing the potential risks to the patient or through diversion? Do you know what steps, if any, the company took after learning this information?

Q. If you had learned of this type of information with respect to a patient using the company's opioids product, in this case the fentanyl lollipop product, would you have given anyone any direction as to what to do with respect to this information?

Q. Would you have asked somebody who was prescribing or how was this patient getting, quote, this sheer volume of opioids that the patient was taking?

Q. And would you have directed somebody to look into the potential risks to the patient or through diversion?

Q. And would you have directed somebody to look into what was specifically the off-label use of your fentanyl lollipop product?

Q. Would you have directed this to somebody to determine whether or not this particular information is something that should be reported to the DEA?

Q. So nowhere on here do I see any direction or any forwarding to your general counsel or a member of the general counsel's office. Is there anyone on here who would have looked into it to determine whether or not further investigation should be made by the company to determine whether or not there was any information here that needed to be reported to the DEA?

Q. You can answer my question, Mr. Trudeau.

Q. Did you direct anyone, or did you forward this information to anyone in your general counsel's office to have them determine whether or not further investigation needed to be done to determine if there's information here that should be reported to the DEA?

Q. And so in the discussion in the remainder of the e-mail chain, the discussion appears to be around whether or not the company can or cannot help to pay for this particular person's opioids. Do you see that?

Q. It's not highlighted. It's just the rest of the e-mail chain which I'm happy to have you look at.

Q. Sure. So the next e-mail up after the one from Kevin Webb on the second page, it's from Mark Tyndall asking Frank Scholz and Meredith Fischer, you know, "Making sure you're comfortable with this patient letter to Trudeau asking for financial assistance with opioids. We've proposed to decline for

Q. And where do you see that?

Q. Right. And did you understand that *Redacted - PHI was a lawyer?

Q. And do you see Mr. Hicks' name included in any of the To or the Sends or the CCs other than the non-lawyer Frank Sholtz's suggestion that the letter be sent from Hicks?

Q. Mark Tyndall is a lawyer, but his role with the company is not in the general counsel's office, right? He's the VP of government affairs, policy, and advocacy, correct?

Q. Well, at the time of his involvement in this, he was the vice president of government affairs, policy, and advocacy with a Washington, DC office number, correct?

Q. And if you look at the e-mail from Kevin Webb on the first page responding to Meredith Fischer, "Meredith - We can't do anything with the fentanyl lollipops since they're being used off-label." Do you see that?

Q. And then at the bottom of that paragraph it says, "The only other option is to provide them free of charge, which would be a concern since it's an opioid, and the potential PR blow back of" -- Mallinckrodt, or -- "MNK now giving away free °plaids." Do you see that?

Q. What do you take that to mean?

Q. So anywhere here do you see any discussion of whether or not further investigation should be done into how it is that this person was receiving so many opioids, what the off-label use was, or further investigating the potential risk to the patient or through diversion?

Q. Do you know whether or not this particular patient's situation or person's situation or any information related to this person's situation was reported to the DEA?