Witness: Matthew Harbaugh
Attorney: MR. Greene
Source: MNKOI0004574077
============================================================
Q. Good morning, Mr. Harbaugh. I know I introduced myself off the record, but my name is Vin Greene, and I'm probably going to be asking you most of the questions here this morning. Okay?
Q. Okay. First, I asked you this earlier, but can you hear okay?
Q. Great. If at any point you can't hear me or you don't understand anything I've asked, please let me know. Okay?
Q. Mr. Harbaugh, could you just state your full name and home address for the record?
Q. Well, that raises the first issue. I may have been mispronouncing your last name. Is it Harbaugh or Harbaugh?
Q. Right. Mr. Harbaugh, have you ever had your deposition taken before?
Q. Okay. Then I want to go over just a few ground rules. As you heard, the court reporter -- the videographer say earlier, there's a little delay here, and there is a court reporter taking down everything we say. So if you let me finish my question before you answer, and try to take account of the delay in the video, I'd appreciate that. Okay?
Q. And as I mentioned, I'm sure I'm going to ask you at least one, if not more than one, question that makes no sense. So if and when I do, please let me know, and I'll be glad to rephrase it. Okay?
Q. You're doing fine so far, but the other issue is, even though we're on video, the court reporter can't take down a nod of the head, so all of your answers have to be verbalized. Okay?
Q. Last point. Even though I know we are under a little bit of a time constraint today, we can take a break at any point. This isn't meant to be a torture session. The only thing I ask is that we not take a break when a question's pending. Okay?
Q. I typically take at least somewhat of a break about every hour. MNKOI 0004574088 Whether we take a lunch break or not, we can discuss. I know, again, we've got a hard stop at one o'clock your time, so we'll figure that out as we go. My sense is we may not take a lunch break. We may just roll right through. Okay?
Q. Okay. And lastly, is it your understanding you're being represented by counsel here today?
Q. And who do you understand to be your counsel representing you for this deposition?
Q. Okay. I don't want to ask you about anything that you've talked about with them, any substance, but have you had a chance to meet with them, presumably visually or verbally -- strike that -- virtually, to prepare for the deposition?
Q. And when did you meet with them MNKOI 0004574089 or discuss the deposition with them?
Q. And how many times did that occur?
Q. Okay. That would be somewhere between three and six?
Q. Okay. Fair enough. And how long, roughly, were each of those phone calls or meetings?
Q. Were they phone calls?
Q. Did you review anything to prepare for your deposition here today?
Q. Was there anything that you MNKOI 0004574090 reviewed that refreshed your recollection about any of the work that you performed at Mallinckrodt?
Q. And what specifically refreshed your recollection, or what is your refreshed recollection after having reviewed documents?
Q. Great. We will -- we will get MNKOI 0004574091 to that, and actually thanks -- thanks for raising that. When we do go through the box, just to give you a preview, there are tabs numbered in that box 1 through 169. It's my hope that when we do get to the documents, I'll be able to direct you to the right tab. And our document tech will be able to put them up on the screen as well. There are a handful of documents that we had printing issues with, just for the record, and I believe we've gotten them all to counsel and the tech for the deposition prior to starting this morning. So some of those issues were unavoidable, but we'll deal with them as they come up. Okay?
Q. Right. And I --
Q. I suspect that the easiest way to deal with that would be to just address the documents visually. You know, we're trying to get things to you if you need to look at them, but I think we'll be able to give you control of the documents if you need to. Okay?
Q. Let me briefly go over some of your background, Mr. Harbaugh. Am I correct you went to St. Louis University from 1988 to 1992?
Q. Okay. And that you went to Northwestern Kellogg School of Management from 2000 to 2003; is that correct? MNKOI 0004574093
Q. Oh, okay. And did you receive at Northwestern University, did you receive an executive master's degree in business administration?
Q. Okay. And just briefly going over some of your employment history, did you -- were you at Enterprise Rent-a-Car from 1992 to 1997?
Q. And were you an accounting and operations manager there for those years?
Q. You and I probably crossed paths in that airport at some point during those years.
Q. And that was -- that was the old Reagan, wasn't it?
Q. Were you then at Monsanto from 2000 to 2007?
Q. Oh, okay. Great. And that's why we ask these questions, Mr. Harbaugh. Thank you for correcting that.
Q. And then were you at Cerberus Capital Management for a brief period of time?
Q. So just for a few months, correct?
Q. And then you took a position at Mallinckrodt companies, correct?
Q. So you started at Covidien in 2007, correct?
Q. Okay. And the folks you got your W-2 from were Covidien until approximately 2012; is that correct?
Q. Okay. Thank you. I was going to get into that. So while you were at Covidien, MNKOI 0004574096 was Covidien owned by Tyco?
Q. What was the relationship between Tyco and Covidien when you started at Covidien?
Q. Okay. Okay. And so help me out with that. If that's what occurred, when it occurred, how is it that at some point your W-2 was from Tyco and not Covidien?
Q. So let me just make sure our record is clear. Do you have an understanding that in August of 2007 when you took a position at Covidien, Tyco was no longer Covidien's parent? Is that correct?
Q. And so what was your position at Covidien when you started in August of 2007?
Q. All right. And can you tell me in your own words, what does that mean? What were your job responsibilities?
Q. And did you hold that position for approximately a year?
Q. And so in about June of 2008, did you become a chief financial officer and vice president for global finance and shared services of Covidien? MNKOI 0004574099
Q. And at that time, what was your understanding of the relationship between Covidien pharma and Covidien?
Q. The company being Covidien itself?
Q. Okay. And then did you become interim president of Covidien pharma in 2010?
Q. Prior to that, as the chief financial officer, were you responsible for revamping the R&D, the research and development, investment of Covidien pharma?
Q. And were you involved in the allocation of capital and individual business investments with respect to Covidien pharma?
Q. And was one of the pharmaceuticals that you looked at at that point the opioid area of the pharmaceutical industry?
Q. As one of those -- strike that. As one of those areas to expand into, did that involve opioids?
Q. And as you sit here today, do you recall which opioids, which drugs, you were involved in the development of?
Q. What was the impact of Exalgo on Covidien pharma's business?
Q. Yes. Yes.
Q. And were you, in part, responsible for bringing that product line into Covidien pharma?
Q. Did you do the financial analysis for acquiring that pharmaceutical?
Q. The team that you were responsible for would have done that analysis, correct?
Q. And then did you have to make a final recommendation to the corporate parent about acquisition of that pharmaceutical?
Q. But did you have to offer your opinion with respect to acquisition?
Q. And then as we discussed, you became interim president in 2010, correct?
Q. But that was -- that was concurrent with your CFO responsibilities at Covidien pharma, correct?
Q. And as part of that additional MNKOI 0004574104 role, were you responsible for redirecting strategic emphasis to volume growth opportunities?
Q. You want me to ask that again?
Q. Sure. As part of that role, were you responsible for redirecting strategic emphasis to volume growth opportunities?
Q. Okay. With respect to Covidien MNKOI 0004574105 pharma's business at that point when you were interim president, did you also perform customer outreach?
Q. Did you also, in that regard, reach out to wholesalers and resale -- excuse me, retailers who were Covidien pharma's customers?
Q. Now, in approximately 2013, Covidien spun off its Covidien pharma division; is that correct?
Q. Okay. When did discussions begin at Covidien concerning spinning off Covidien pharma?
Q. And at the point that you received that phone call, did you -- were you provided any information as to why Covidien wanted to spin off its pharma division?
Q. At the time of the spin-off, would you be able to tell me what the assets were of the pharmaceutical division? MNKOI 0004574107
Q. Sure. Well, let me ask you that first. What were the net sales?
Q. If I said to you that in 2008's Covidien annual report that Covidien pharma was listed as the largest manufacturer of medicinal narcotics in the United States, would you have any reason to disagree with that?
Q. If I said to you that in a 2011 REMS press release that Covidien pharma was listed as the largest supplier of opioid pain medications in the United States, would you have any reason to disagree with that?
Q. Prior to the spin-off, did you MNKOI 0004574108 take any position at the Covidien parent company?
Q. So let me ask it a little differently. Prior to the spin-off, did you have any position at the Covidien parent company?
Q. When you started at Covidien pharma, do you know whether there was any contemplation of a spin-off of Covidien pharma by the parent company at that point?
Q. So that's a discussion that the -- at least you had when you interviewed for your position; is that correct? MNKOI 0004574109
Q. And then am I correct that the next time you had any discussion about that was sometime in 2011?
Q. And so from 2011 on, was it your understanding that your shepherding of the Covidien pharma division was for the purpose of spinning it off?
Q. When did you start working on MNKOI 0004574110 the due diligence process? Was it sometime after your phone call in 2011?
Q. So that would be sometime around 2010. Would that be correct?
Q. Let me ask my earlier question again, differently. So at some point in 2010, you were asked to start doing due diligence to evaluate spinning off Covidien pharma from its parent; is that accurate?
Q. Do you have an understanding as to why the Covidien parent company decided to spin-off the pharma division?
Q. When you say they didn't get the valuation that they were hoping for, what do you mean? Are you saying that the division hadn't grown to a point that the parent company wanted?
Q. Do you have a sense of when that decision was made, meaning that -- the breakpoint between trying to get a bid for the division and spinning off the division?
Q. Okay. Given how you've described that, would you be able to tell me who made the decision to abandon the plan of getting a bid and to go forward with spinning the division off?
Q. Would you agree with me that when the pharma division was spun off, that all the assets and the liabilities of that division went with the new entity?
Q. And in addition to the assets, would you agree with me that any liabilities that the pharma division had went with that entity in the spin-off?
Q. So let me just follow up on that. Is there some agreement with respect to tax liabilities that stayed with the Covidien parent after the spin-off?
Q. And then you also mentioned some environmental liabilities. Were there environmental liabilities that stayed with the parent or were shared between the parent and spin-off?
Q. Other than those, other than any tax liabilities and any environmental liabilities, as you sit there today, are you MNKOI 0004574117 aware of any other liabilities that were retained or shared by the Covidien parent that did not go with the spin-off entity, either in whole or in part?
Q. And that's fine. All I can ask you is to the best of your recollection. So to the best of your recollection, are you aware of any other liabilities that did not go with the spin-off entity, either in whole or in part?
Q. And was there anything in the documents that you reviewed for your deposition here today that refreshed your recollection in that regard?
Q. Okay. Can you tell me -- let me walk through this, if I can. Did you have -- you had some discussions about the potential for a spin-off in 2010; is that correct?
Q. Fair enough. That's the first clarification I wanted to get to. Who did you have conversations with in 2010 about selling the business?
Q. Okay. And who was that at the time?
Q. And was that the first MNKOI 0004574119 conversation? I know we went over this earlier, but I just want to make sure we've got it locked down. Was that the first conversation you had either about a sale or a spin-off since you were hired in 2007?
Q. And I know you spoke to this a little bit earlier, but I just want to follow up on it. Why, in your words, did pharma not fit within Covidien?
Q. In 2010, did you discuss the sale of Covidien with anyone other than the CEO of the parent at that point?
Q. And at the time, who were they, to the best of your recollection?
Q. Do you have an understanding as you sit there today as to why Teva passed on firing the Covidien pharma division?
Q. Let me ask you that question differently. As you sit here today, is it your understanding that the bid wasn't high enough for Covidien and they passed on it, would be the better way to say it?
Q. Okay. Do you recall what the amount of that bid was?
Q. Now, did you have -- during 2010, did you have any other discussions or any discussions with anyone else about either selling the pharma division or spinning it off?
Q. And where was your head at at that point? What did you tell the new CEO?
Q. And let me go back for a moment. Who was the new CFO of Covidien?
Q. I'm sorry, that's what I meant. I said it wrong. My apologies. Who was the new CEO? MNKOI 0004574124
Q. And so am I correct somewhere towards the end of 2010 or 2011, you had your first discussion with Joe about spinning off the pharma division instead of getting a bid to buy it? Correct?
Q. There we go. I was just trying to lock down the time frame. MNKOI 0004574125 So that's about late 2011, you said?
Q. Okay. And so when that happens, are you provided or given any responsibilities with respect to the spin-off?
Q. Prior to the spin-off, was there one single e-mail system across Covidien?
Q. Well, and that's essentially what I was asking. To the best of your recollection, there wasn't a pharma division e-mail system, a medical device division e-mail system. Is that your recollection?
Q. And do you know whether the parent had its own e-mail system, or did they operate on the same system as the divisions?
Q. Now, as part of your role at the pharma division, did you need to be familiar with the spin-off agreement?
Q. And what's your understanding of what that agreement accomplished?
Q. Now, am I correct, Mr. Harbaugh, that the Mallinckrodt name actually dates back to about 1867? Is that correct? MNKOI 0004574128
Q. Do you know why the spin-off division, you know, took its name to be Mallinckrodt? Do you know what the process or thought process there was?
Q. Was it Tyco that acquired Mallinckrodt or was it the Covidien limited subsidiary of Tyco that acquired Mallinckrodt?
Q. But regardless of how that happened, the Mallinckrodt -- let me back up for a second. Is it your understanding there was an entity at that time called Mallinckrodt, Incorporated? Is that right?
Q. And when you arrived, what was the status of Mallinckrodt, Incorporated?
Q. Well, great point. Let me ask you a more specific question. At the time you arrived, was MNKOI 0004574130 Mallinckrodt, Incorporated, part of the Covidien pharma division or was it held in some other capacity?
Q. Let me see if I can work through that. Is it your understanding that the Covidien pharma division that you were at was essentially the pharma business that remained of Mallinckrodt, Incorporated, that had been acquired by either Tyco or Covidien sometime in 2000? Have I said that correctly?
Q. Okay. And so that division continues in its pharma business until about 2011, or late 2011, when the spin-off process begins. Is that accurate?
Q. Okay. And do you know as you sit there today, Mr. Harbaugh -- Harbaugh, I'm sorry. I'm going to do that a couple times, so when I do, my apologies.
Q. Do you know whether, prior to either Tyco or Covidien's acquisition of Mallinckrodt, whether Mallinckrodt had been making opioids? MNKOI 0004574132
Q. And is it your understanding that that continued, you know, right up until the Tyco acquisition and after?
Q. Now, do you know as you sit there today, Mr. Harbaugh, whether the board of directors of the Covidien parent and the new Mallinckrodt, whether they both had to vote on the spin-off agreement?
Q. If you don't know that, can I assume that you don't know when those votes occurred, if they occurred?
Q. Do you know who signed the agreement on behalf of each company? MNKOI 0004574133
Q. Do you know which law firms, if at all, represented each company?
Q. At some point after that spin-off, there was an agreement between Medtronic and Covidien; is that correct?
Q. Are you aware of an acquisition or a merger between Covidien and Medtronic in 2014?
Q. Was that acquisition or merger, was that a contingency at any point of the Covidien pharma spin-off?
Q. Let me ask you that differently. Do you know whether the spin-off of the Covidien pharma division was
Q. Are you aware, Mr. Harbaugh, that the June 28, 2013 separation and distribution agreement between Covidien and Mallinckrodt contemplates solvency opinions that Covidien was required to obtain?
Q. That was going to be my next question. Do you know whether they were obtained or created?
Q. If they were, would you expect them to be in the records of both Mallinckrodt and Covidien?
Q. To the best of your MNKOI 0004574136 recollection, have you reviewed, to prepare for this deposition today, any documents from Wachtell or Wachtell Lipton?
Q. Let me ask that question differently, Mr. Harbaugh. Did you review anything today from Wachtell or Wachtell Lipton that refreshed your recollection as it relates to your testimony here today?
Q. Can you tell me, Mr. Harbaugh, what was the primary business of the Covidien pharma division at the time it was spun off?
Q. As you sit there today, Mr. Harbaugh, do you know at the time of the spin-off, when the Mallinckrodt entity came into existence, do you know what percentage of the revenue opioids constituted?
Q. Mr. Harbaugh, welcome back. Are you okay to continue?
Q. Can you tell me, Mr. Harbaugh, as you sit there today, do you know whether there was an indemnification agreement between the new Mallinckrodt entity and Covidien at the time of or subsequent to the spin-off?
Q. Have you ever seen a copy of that indemnification agreement?
Q. Do you have an understanding as you sit there today as to what liabilities are contemplated by the indemnification MNKOI 0004574140 agreement?
Q. Do you know whether that indemnification agreement was between Mallinckrodt and Covidien or Mallinckrodt and Medtronic?
Q. Do you know whether any of Mallinckrodt's potential opioid liabilities are involved in that indemnification agreement?
Q. Did you have an opportunity to review that agreement prior to your MNKOI 0004574141 deposition here today?
Q. Would you be able to tell me as you sit there today, at the time of the spin-off, all the opioid-based products that Mallinckrodt was selling?
Q. Sure. Can you tell as you sit there today all of the opioid-based products Mallinckrodt sold at the time of the spin-off?
Q. Sure. Why don't you give me the ones you can remember.
Q. And as you sit here today, do you know whether that list is the same for 2020 or whether it's changed?
Q. And is September of last year when you left Mallinckrodt?
Q. Are you able to tell me whether that list was the same as of September of last year?
Q. Are you able to tell me prior -- that wasn't my question. Let me ask you that differently. Was that list the same at the time that you left?
Q. And do you know which ones those were?
Q. Are you able to tell me what the revenues were for opioids generally for each year between 2013 and 2019?
Q. Well, if I asked you what the revenues were for each of the individual product lines, would you be able to tell me that?
Q. When Mallinckrodt came into MNKOI 0004574144 existence and was spun off, I'm correct that there was something known as the PLC, correct?
Q. And where is the PLC incorporated?
Q. And what was the purpose of incorporating a PLC in Ireland?
Q. And then there's another entity called Mallinckrodt LLC, correct?
Q. And where is Mallinckrodt LLC located?
Q. And does the Mallinckrodt PLC in Ireland, does that entity generate any revenue on its own? Does it have any product lines?
Q. But it doesn't itself have any product lines, correct?
Q. Well, to your knowledge as you sit there today, does Mallinckrodt PLC sell anything?
Q. What's your understanding of the entities other than Mallinckrodt LLC?
Q. I'm sorry?
Q. All right.
Q. What are the other entities that you understand that Mallinckrodt PLC holds?
Q. Okay. Tell me what they are.
Q. Do you know what those other legal entities are?
Q. Okay. Well, are you able to tell me as you sit here today what they were and what the structure is?
Q. Are you able to tell me what the relationship is between SpecGx and Mallinckrodt LLC?
Q. And so is it your understanding that SpecGx and Mallinckrodt US, the entity that's in Delaware, are separate entities?
Q. And does SpecGx have a board?
Q. So is it your understanding SpecGx does not have a board?
Q. Okay. Does SpecGx have officers?
Q. Are there any common managers or officers -- strike that -- officers between SpecGx and Mallinckrodt PLC?
Q. Well, let me ask you that differently. Between 2013 and 2019, were there any managers or officers that were common between SpecGx and Mallinckrodt PLC?
Q. I'm not sure you answered the question that I asked, so let me ask it again.
Q. Between 2013 and 2019, there's
Q. And during the same period, there's a group of officers at Mallinckrodt PLC, correct?
Q. During that period of time, MNKOI 0004574150 were any of those people in common, meaning were any of them the same, between SpecGx and Mallinckrodt PLC?
Q. Give me one moment, Mr. Harbaugh.
Q. Do you know, Mr. Harbaugh, as you sit there today whether SpecGx has ever paid dividends to Mallinckrodt PLC?
Q. Does SpecGx own any intellectual property?
Q. Okay. What intellectual property do you understand that SpecGx owns?
Q. Is it your understanding, Mr. Harbaugh, that SpecGx sold opioids?
Q. Are you able to tell me what opioid line SpecGx sold?
Q. And those opioids have formulations, correct?
Q. And are those formulations intellectual property?
Q. Do you know whether SpecGx owns any of the formulations for those plaids?
Q. And did SpecGx develop any opioids for which it owns the intellectual property?
Q. And what was that?
Q. And as you sit there today, Mr. Harbaugh, do you know whether SpecGx holds intellectual property or is it Mallinckrodt PLC?
Q. As you sit there today, do you know whether Mallinckrodt PLC owns any intellectual property for any opioids?
Q. And what -- which ones are those?
Q. And to the best of your recollection, when did Mallinckrodt stop selling Exalgo?
Q. Is that something that Mallinckrodt was selling at the time of the spin-off?
Q. Are there any other opioids MNKOI 0004574154 that you're aware of that Mallinckrodt PLC owns the intellectual property for?
Q. As you sit there today, other than what we've discussed, is there any intellectual property for any opioids that Mallinckrodt PLC owns?
Q. Sure. Other than what we've discussed, are you aware of any other opioids for which Mallinckrodt PLC owns the intellectual property for?
Q. Now, am I correct, MNKOI 0004574155 Mr. Harbaugh, that you at some point were employed by SpecGx?
Q. And when did that occur?
Q. And what year was that?
Q. What year was that?
Q. Now, when you made that change, did you retain a position at the LLC?
Q. And you took that position, we say, at the end of 2018 or the beginning of 2019?
Q. So let me back up, Mr. Harbaugh. At that point, at the end of 2018, beginning of 2019, was your position at the LLC or was it at the PLC?
Q. That wasn't quite the question I asked. Let me ask that again. Prior to taking your position at SpecGx LLC, did you have a CFO position at Mallinckrodt LLC?
Q. Okay. That's what I was getting at. So let me ask you this question: Have you ever held a position at the LLC, at Mallinckrodt LLC?
Q. And your position was CFO at Mallinckrodt PLC, the Irish entity, correct?
Q. And sometime at the end of 2018 or the beginning of 2019, you then took a position at SpecGx LLC; is that correct?
Q. And when that occurred, did you retain any position at the PLC?
Q. Did you retain any responsibilities with the PLC?
Q. Was there any overlap in your positions between the PLC and SpecGx?
Q. Can you tell me, just so we can get the record down, what's the difference MNKOI 0004574158 between the business for SpecGx and Mallinckrodt LLC?
Q. Well, that's fine. I just -- I wanted to know if you were able to tell me that. Are you able to tell me what the difference is between the business with SpecGx and Mallinckrodt LLC?
Q. Okay. Do you know whether those two entities share a common purchasing department?
Q. Does the PLC have a purchasing department?
Q. Do SpecGx and the PLC have a common purchasing department?
Q. Was there ever a point in which they weren't separated?
Q. And I need to clarify what you just said. Did the PLC have anyone in procurement that worked on procuring for SpecGx?
Q. That purchasing department at the PLC, what goods did it purchase?
Q. So let me go back. What kinds of things would the PLC purchase for SpecGx? You said paper. What else?
Q. You said raw materials. Did the PLC procure raw materials for the manufacture of any drugs for either SpecGx or Mallinckrodt LLC?
Q. Let me ask you that differently. First, did PLC purchase any raw materials for any opioids for Mallinckrodt LLC?
Q. So are you saying that's something you can't answer as you sit there today?
Q. And just to be clear, as the MNKOI 0004574162 chief financial officer, you can't tell me one way or the other whether the PLC purchased the raw materials for opioids for the Mallinckrodt LLC?
Q. Did the PLC purchase any raw materials that were used by Mallinckrodt LLC? Anything?
Q. Well, I just -- I'm asking, Mr. Harbaugh, because at the start of your answer earlier, you said the PLC did purchase raw materials. So which -- which raw materials did the PLC purchase?
Q. Okay. Well, let me ask you that differently. Did the PLC purchase any raw materials?
Q. Okay. And would that include raw materials for branded opioids?
Q. What raw materials would the PLC purchase for the branded business?
Q. Did -- let me just clarify. MNKOI 0004574164 Did the PLC purchase any raw materials for SpecGx?
Q. Did the PLC negotiate the price for any raw materials for SpecGx?
Q. Do you know what I mean if I refer to a ledger system?
Q. Yes. Yes.
Q. I presume that you know what I mean.
Q. Is there a common general ledger system between the PLC and SpecGx?
Q. Can you tell me how that operates?
Q. Is there a common server on which that resides for both the PLC and SpecGx?
Q. Is that -- is that common software accessible by both SpecGx and the PLC?
Q. Well, does the PLC have access to SpecGx's ledger system?
Q. Let me go back for a moment. Prior to SpecGx coming into existence, did the PLC purchase raw materials for any opioids?
Q. Prior to SpecGx coming into existence, did the PLC purchase the raw materials for any generic opioids?
Q. If you don't know that, Mr. Harbaugh, who would?
Q. Would you have to sign off on any of those expenses as the CFO?
Q. And I believe I covered this, but just to clarify, would the PLC negotiate the price of any raw materials on behalf of all of its subsidiaries jointly?
Q. That wasn't quite what I asked. MNKOI 0004574167 At any point between 2013 and 2019, to the best of your recollection, did the PLC negotiate the price of any raw materials collectively for its subsidiaries?
Q. I wasn't talking just about SpecGx. I was talking generally about any of its subsidiaries, including the LLC.
Q. Okay. Well, am I correct that as a CFO, ultimately you're responsible in part for what the entity is spending? Correct?
Q. And as part of the consolidated financials of the PLC, to your knowledge, did MNKOI 0004574168 it ever negotiate the price of any raw materials for its collective subsidiaries?
Q. If you know.
Q. I said, if you know.
Q. That's not the question I asked. I asked if the PLC negotiated the price of anything for its collective subsidiaries. Can you tell me that one way or the other?
Q. Can you tell me that one way or the other?
Q. Do you know what I mean if I refer to a common treasury function?
Q. Was there a common treasury function between the PLC and SpecGx?
Q. Can you describe that process for me?
Q. And who was that?
Q. And I apologize if you said it and I missed it, but what was his title, what was his position?
Q. Okay. And just to clarify, was he the treasurer of SpecGx?
Q. Okay. And I want to make sure I -- make sure I ask the right question. Was there a common treasury function between SpecGx and the PLC?
Q. Okay. So was there a shared treasury function between the PLC and all of its -- it's fair to call them subsidiaries, right?
Q. And was there a common account that revenues from each of those entities flowed into?
Q. Was it John's job to manage the treasury functions of each of those entities?
Q. And I realize I may have asked you this. I'm going to -- I'm going to ask sort of the same question but in a different way. To your knowledge, did all the revenue from each of those other entities end MNKOI 0004574172 up in an account that the PLC managed?
Q. So the revenue from each of the entities was consolidated, and it was John's job to manage that consolidation; is that correct?
Q. I'm sorry? Go ahead.
Q. And with respect to that flow, is it your understanding that flow from each of those entities flowed into a common treasury that John oversaw?
Q. Would that be accurate?
Q. And I don't want to spend too MNKOI 0004574174 much time on this, but I do want to nail down both ends of that. As you sit here today, is it your understanding that all those funds ultimately flowed to a single treasury?
Q. Okay. And the reason I'm making a distinction is that that's different than on a balance sheet. The actual funds went to a common treasury, correct?
Q. Was that your understanding?
Q. And that's the piece I don't need to address again. He had supervision over that process. My question was slightly different. Is it your understanding as you sit there today that those actual funds flowed into a common treasury?
Q. Okay. It's not a question where they were coming from. My question was different. As the chief financial officer, do you have an understanding that those funds flowed into a common treasur MNKOI 0004574176
Q. Okay. I really don't want to spend much more time on this, but just to clarify. I didn't ask where it came from; I want to know where it went. And as the chief financial officer, did it go into a common treasury?
Q. When you went to SpecGx, did you continue to report to Mark Trudeau?
Q. And was that true until you left?
Q. Okay. Well, at a structural level, your report was to Mark Trudeau until you left, correct?
Q. And that's true even while you were at SpecGx, correct?
Q. And during that period, you continued to receive stock options in the MNKOI 0004574178 PLC, correct?
Q. Okay. So as you sit here today, are you able to tell me, during the period of time that you were at the PLC and reporting to Mark -- strike that. During the period of time that you were at SpecGx and you were reporting to Mark Trudeau at the PLC, can you tell me one way or the other whether you continued to receive stock options at the PLC?
Q. Well, did you -- let me ask you the question differently. After you went to SpecGx, did you continue to receive stock options?
Q. And the only entity you could receive stock options in was the PLC, correct?
Q. Mr. Trudeau [sic], do you know whether you will continue to be named as an executive officer for the PLC on SEC filings after you went to SpecGx?
Q. I'm sorry. Mr. Harbaugh.
Q. Do you know whether you continued to be named as an executive officer for the PLC after you went to SpecGx?
Q. Well, do you know whether you were listed on 2019 SEC filings?
Q. Do you know whether the PLC loaned any money to SpecGx?
Q. As the chief -- former chief financial officer, you can't tell me whether the PLC ever loaned any money to SpecGx?
Q. Well, wouldn't looking at everything in total include whether the PLC was loaning money to any of its entities?
Q. Who was responsible for determining the accounting policies of SpecGx?
Q. Who prepared the financial statements for SpecGx?
Q. And who's Jeff Kilper?
Q. Let me break that down. When did George -- what was George's position?
Q. And during that period of time, George in turn reported to you, correct?
Q. Well, let me back up. Prior to you leaving, he reported to you, correct?
Q. Let me ask you that differently. While you were at the PLC as the CFO, was there anyone at SpecGx responsible for the financial statements that reported to you?
Q. And it was the PLC that determined that SpecGx had to do its financial statements in accordance with GAAP MNKOI 0004574184 accounting, correct?
Q. And that was the PLC's accounting policy that both Mallinckrodt LLC and SpecGx had to follow, correct?
Q. And did SpecGx and Mallinckrodt PLC file consolidated tax returns?
Q. Okay. As you sit there today as the former CFO, you don't know whether they filed consolidated tax returns?
Q. Well, with all due respect, you're here, so I want to know you if you know. Did SpecGx and Mallinckrodt PLC file consolidated tax returns?
Q. So that's -- that's your understanding. Do you know where they were filed?
Q. Does Mallinckrodt PLC have an internal audit function?
Q. And is that an internal audit function that each of its subsidiaries or entities has to follow?
Q. Does the PLC conduct audits of its individual entities? MNKOI 0004574186
Q. And does that include SpecGx?
Q. And to where or to whom -- well, strike that. Is there an internal audit group at SpecGx?
Q. Is the only internal audit group at the PLC?
Q. And is that internal audit group responsible for the audit plan for its subsidiaries?
Q. And does that include SpecGx?
Q. Does SpecGx have its own banking relationships?
Q. Okay. And are those bank accounts managed by the PLC?
Q. Does SpecGx -- or during the period of time you were there strike that. During the period of time you were with the PLC and SpecGx, did SpecGx have any outstanding debt?
Q. Well, during the period of time that you were at SpecGx, were you aware of any outstanding debt?
Q. Wouldn't that be something that you would know as the chief financial officer of the PLC, whether any of its entities and subsidiaries have debt? MNKOI 0004574188
Q. Did the PLC ever take on any debt for SpecGx?
Q. Has SpecGx ever undergone an external audit?
Q. Who -- who engaged Deloitte?
Q. Okay. And did the PLC engage Deloitte to audit itself and all of its entities?
Q. Prior to officially going over to SpecGx, did you have any role with SpecGx while you were at the PLC?
Q. What was that role?
Q. And you're saying that happened twice?
Q. Now's a good time, Mr. Harbaugh [audio interruption] --
Q. Sorry. Now's a good time to open that box that you have.
Q. Okay. Thank you. MNKOI 0004574191 Welcome back, Mr. Harbaugh. How are you?
Q. Are you ready to continue?
Q. Can you take a look at what we've tabbed as number 44 in the box of documents provided to you?
Q. And for the record, why don't we go ahead and mark this as Exhibit 1.
Q. First, have you seen this document before, Mr. Harbaugh?
Q. Yeah. And for your convenience, it's also on the screen. We've provided you the hardcopy documents if that's what you prefer, or if looking at them on the MNKOI 0004574192 screen is easier, you can do that as well. Okay?
Q. This is a press release from Mallinckrodt PLC, correct?
Q. And it's a press release about the spin-off of the specialty generics business, correct?
Q. If you take a look at page 3 for me, you're mentioned on page 3.
Q. I think we switched documents on the screen, but there we go. Thank you. Are you on page 3, Mr. Harbaugh?
Q. Okay. You're listed there, and it says, "Mr. Harbaugh, currently Mallinckrodt's chief executive vice president and chief financial officer," CFO. Did I read that correctly? MNKOI 0004574193
Q. Yeah. And then it says, "and president of the specialty generics business, comma." Did I read that?
Q. Okay. Was that accurate at the time of this press release?
Q. Okay. In what way is that inaccurate?
Q. Okay. Did you have an opportunity to review this press release before it went out?
Q. And it says, "is expected to become president and chief executive officer MNKOI 0004574194 of the new company upon completion of the spin-off." Did I read that correctly?
Q. Further down in paragraph -- the second to the last paragraph from the bottom, you're actually quoted. Do you see that?
Q. And then in the middle it says, "Harbaugh will step down as Mallinckrodt's CFO effective immediately to focus exclusively on preparing for separation." Do you see that?
Q. And then at the very bottom it says, "'Matt has been involved in the specialty generics business for over a decade,' said Trudeau." Did I read that correctly?
Q. Okay. What was your role in the specialty generic business for over a decade?
Q. Okay. I want to go back to those oversight roles we discussed earlier with respect to SpecGx. Do you recall talking about that?
Q. How often did that happen?
Q. Okay. Let's focus on that one first.
Q. So you were interim president of SpecGx in 2010, correct?
Q. All right. And we talked about that earlier. How long did that last?
Q. So I want to talk about the times that you've had oversight responsibility for SpecGx. Okay?
Q. So tell me every occasion in which you've had oversight responsibility of SpecGx.
Q. Let me -- the chief commercial officer for which entity, SpecGx?
Q. Let me clarify a few things. First, the chief commercial officer that you mentioned, was he a chief commercial officer at the PLC?
Q. Okay. And the supply chain officer, was that supply chain officer at the PLC?
Q. And was that supply chain officer responsible for, in part, the supply chain at SpecGx?
Q. And was the commercial -- chief commercial officer who's at the PLC, was he or she responsible for the product lines at MNKOI 0004574199 SpecGx?
Q. Okay. First, who was that chief commercial officer?
Q. And if I understood your testimony correctly, at some point in 2015 did you assume some of Hugh O'Neill's responsibilities?
Q. And tell me for the record, what do you understand the responsibilities of a chief commercial officer to be?
Q. And if I understand your MNKOI 0004574201 testimony correctly, were those the duties that Mr. O'Neill had that you assumed with respect to SpecGx in 2015?
Q. Well, let me ask that differently. Did you assume oversight responsibility of those functions with respect to SpecGx in May of 2015?
Q. So you had oversight of the person driving the net sales at SpecGx starting in 2015, correct?
Q. And how long did you retain that oversight?
Q. Let me go back. What are the responsibilities of the supply chain officer?
Q. And that was a position at the PLC, correct?
Q. And that -- those responsibilities were across all of the subsidiaries or entities that the PLC owned, correct?
Q. So we discussed the period of about May of 2015 through sometime in the winter of 2016. MNKOI 0004574205 Is there any other occasion where you had oversight responsibility of any functions at SpecGx?
Q. Did SpecGx have any offices -- well, strike that. Mallinckrodt PLC had offices in Ireland, correct?
Q. Were there any SpecGx offices at that site in Ireland or at any of those sites?
Q. Were there any officers who had MNKOI 0004574206 offices at any SpecGx sites?
Q. Let me ask you that differently, and I think I understand what you said. But prior to 2018 and that spin-off, if I understand you correctly, SpecGx offices were in Hazelwood, correct?
Q. And I apologize, I thought I said prior to 2018. So let me just state it again. Prior to 2018, SpecGx's offices were in Hazelwood; is that accurate?
Q. Fair enough.
Q. I didn't want -- if you want to say something, I don't want to cut you off. Go ahead.
Q. Fair enough. To the best of your recollection, prior to 2017, SpecGx's offices were in Hazelwood, correct?
Q. And that's Hazelwood, Missouri, correct?
Q. And prior to that time, you were an executive for the PLC, correct?
Q. And was your office in Hazelwood?
Q. Okay. And were they -- were they in the same complex?
Q. Okay. And at that time where was Mr. Trudeau's office?
Q. Were there other officers of the PLC whose offices were in Hazelwood where the SpecGx offices were?
Q. Was the head of HR -- did the head of HR have responsibility for employees of SpecGx?
Q. Let me make sure I understand that. There was a head of HR for SpecGx; is that correct?
Q. And there was a head of HR for the PLC, correct?
Q. And the head of HR at SpecGx reported in to the head of HR at the PLC, correct?
Q. Fair enough. And did SpecGx have to follow HR policies established by the HR director at the PLC?
Q. Did those differences have to be cleared by the head of HR at the PLC?
Q. And I just want to make sure I'm clear. Prior to the spin-off, anyone other -- and let me just -- for the record, who was the head of HR for the PLC?
Q. You said Watkins?
Q. And did you say also Mr. O'Neill had an office in Hazelwood? Correct?
Q. Were there any other employees of the PLC who had offices in the shared complex with SpecGx, other than Mr. Watkins, Mr. O'Neill and you?
Q. I just want to make sure I'm clear. All those areas you just listed off, were those PLC employees? MNKOI 0004574213
Q. So tell me who else from corporate, who else from the PLC, was at the shared complex with SpecGx?
Q. I just want to make sure I'm clear. So you're talking about HR for the PLC, legal for the PLC, finance for the PLC, research and development for the PLC and business development for the PLC were all housed in Hazelwood, along with SpecGx; is that correct? MNKOI 0004574214
Q. And like HR, did the PLC's legal department set policy for SpecGx?
Q. And did the PLC research and development department, did it perform research and development in part on behalf of SpecGx?
Q. Let me ask you a more specific question. Did the R&D department for the PLC have and exercise oversight over SpecGx?
Q. And then business development for the PLC was also housed in the shared offices in Hazelwood, correct?
Q. Did business development exercise oversight over SpecGx? Strike that. Poor question. Did the business development department of the PLC exercise oversight over SpecGx? MNKOI 0004574217
Q. So -- and let me -- maybe I asked a bad question. Was there a business development area or department for SpecGx?
Q. Was there a business development department for the PLC?
Q. And did the business development department for the PLC perform in part business development for SpecGx?
Q. Did the business development department for the PLC perform at any time business development functions for SpecGx?
Q. Would it be accurate to say that from time to time the business development department for the PLC performed business development functions for SpecGx?
Q. Did SpecGx have a sales and marketing department?
Q. And did anyone in the sales and marketing at SpecGx answer to the PLC?
Q. You're talking about the chief commercial officer, correct?
Q. And so sales and marketing would report in to the commercial function, correct? And you had oversight over that from time to time?
Q. Okay. And that was true, am I correct, at least from May of 2015 through the winter of 2016? Would that be accurate?
Q. Was that commercial officer responsible for opioid sales practices?
Q. And so the periods of time where you had oversight, that's one of the functions you would have had oversight over, correct?
Q. But you had responsibility and oversight during that period of May to -- May of 2015 to winter of 2016, correct?
Q. That would include, in part, whatever volume the sales practices, correct?
Q. But you mentioned that other than sales, this was really a business-to-business area; is that correct?
Q. Yeah, I was trying not to say that, but, yeah.
Q. And the management and development of that business was also the responsibility of that commercial officer, correct?
Q. And you would have exercised oversight over that for the period of May to -- May of 2015 through the winter of 2016, correct?
Q. But you had -- you had oversight responsibility with those functions as well for that period, correct?
Q. I may have asked a poor question. To the extent -- strike that. For the period of oversight of May of 2015 through the winter of 2016, a part of that oversight extended to aspects of business-to-business relationships and development. Would that be correct?
Q. You know, I may have asked you this earlier, and if I did, I apologize, but I want to go back to something. The supply chain officer at the PLC, what was that officer responsible for? When we say supply chain, what kinds of things are we talking about?
Q. And that would be true across all of the entities, correct?
Q. But am I correct, the supply officer for the PLC would set policy for the entities that they had to follow, correct?
Q. So we talked about the period of May 2015 through the winter of 2016, the year period of oversight, as discussed. Was there any other period of oversight for you for the PLC prior to the spin-off?
Q. I asked a poor question. How about after the winter of 2016, prior to the spin-off?
Q. And in what capacity did it come back to you in 2018?
Q. And was that true through the period of time prior to the spin-off?
Q. Okay. Give me one second, Mr. Harbaugh.
Q. I'm just going to switch gears
Q. And you know what I refer to if I say the DEA oversight committee, correct?
Q. And did you ever have any role with respect to the DEA oversight committee?
Q. As the chief financial officer, did you have to sign off on strike that. Let me do that differently. Do you know what I mean if I refer to a sales incentive compensation plan?
Q. But there's an expenditure function of the sales incentive compensation plan; isn't that correct?
Q. And so, for example, when you were still at Covidien, did you have to sign off on the expenditures for the sales incentive compensation plans? MNKOI 0004574229
Q. Within that budget or compensation plan, did you have to sign off on the expense related to sales incentive compensation plans?
Q. As you sit here today, you don't recall individually signing off on the expenditure for specific sales incentive compensation plans?
Q. Did you -- when you were at Covidien, did you ever sign off on any expenditures with respect to key opinion leaders?
Q. While you were at Mallinckrodt PLC, did you ever sign off on any sales incentive compensation plans?
Q. While you were at the PLC, did you ever sign off on any expenditures related to key opinion leaders for SpecGx? MNKOI 0004574231
Q. While, you were with the PLC, did you ever sign off on any marketing for generic opioids?
Q. When you were at the PLC, did you ever sign off on any budgets relating to
Q. And you said the legal budget. But ultimately, as the chief financial officer, is that a budget that you're responsible for?
Q. Mr. Harbaugh, do you know what the commercial committee meeting team is? Does that sound familiar?
Q. Were you ever on the commercial committee for the PLC?
Q. Okay. Were you ever on the commercial committee for SpecGx?
Q. Did you ever attend any commercial committee meetings?
Q. Mr. Harbaugh, did you ever approve any spending for grants to any kind of pain society?
Q. Welcome back, Mr. Harbaugh. How are you?
Q. Are you okay to continue?
Q. The first time you assumed some supervisory responsibilities for SpecGx, had you had any conversations with anyone at the PLC about ultimately taking over SpecGx?
Q. And I'm sorry, the one thing I lost in what you just said is when did you have dinner with Mr. Trudeau? MNKOI 0004574237
Q. Was that September of -- I'm sorry. Was that September or October of 2018?
Q. And so let me dig into that a MNKOI 0004574238 little bit. So it's May of 2018 that you become aware that the sale prospects for SpecGx are not what the PLC had hoped they would be; is that accurate?
Q. Okay. And was it your understanding at that time that the PLC was contemplating a change in its strategy and it would spin off SpecGx?
Q. So all you knew in May of 2018 was that sales prospects for SpecGx were not what the PLC hoped it would be. But beyond that, you didn't have any knowledge; is that accurate?
Q. And is the first time that you had any understanding that the path might be spinning off SpecGx was when you had dinner with Mr. Trudeau in September or October of 2018?
Q. And what did you talk about at that dinner in 2018?
Q. And you mentioned legal MNKOI 0004574240 matters. What legal matters were at issue in this process?
Q. And I don't want to get into conversations you had with your counsel. I just want to know what the thought process MNKOI 0004574241 was at Mallinckrodt PLC or at SpecGx to the extent that you know.
Q. At the time that you had dinner with Mr. Harbaugh [sic] in September or October of 2018, was there any discussion at that point that SpecGx might file for bankruptcy?
Q. Absolutely. I don't want to know anything that either of you discussed with counsel. I just want to know what you may have discussed with each other.
Q. Oh, what did I -- did I --
Q. Okay. Is there some point in which there was a discussion about -- again, not with your counsel. But is there some point at which there was a discussion about SpecGx filing for bankruptcy?
Q. And can you just give me the MNKOI 0004574244 time frame there? At what point was the phone call for Mr. Trudeau prior to the earnings call? Roughly when was that?
Q. So that would be August 3rd of 2019, correct?
Q. And up until that point, was it your understanding that the intent was still to spin off SpecGx and you were going to be the CEO of that entity?
Q. Let me go back to a topic we discussed earlier. Who had responsibility at the PLC for ensuring that there was compliance with DEA regulations at the PLC's various entities?
Q. And who was that? Who was the general counsel?
Q. And did Mr. Lohman have oversight for DEA compliance at the various entities under the PLC?
Q. So let me -- let me go back. In September or October you have this dinner, and then in August there's the earnings call and you find out that there's going to be a filing; is that accurate?
Q. Mr. Harbaugh, what is the first time you became aware that a Mallinckrodt entity, whether it was the PLC, the LLC or SpecGx, when is the first time you became aware that any of those entities had been sued by any state in an opioid lawsuit?
Q. At the dinner that you had with Mr. Harbaugh -- excuse me -- with Mr. Trudeau in September or October of 2018, did you have any discussion with him about the impact of MNKOI 0004574249 the lawsuits on the PLC and SpecGx and the plan for SpecGx?
Q. Do you know whether -- first, prior to that, do you know whether there was any discussion, first at the PLC, for filing any kind of insurance claim with respect to any opioid liabilities?
Q. Do you recall what the conclusion was at that meeting or by the board or what the consensus was?
Q. Absolutely. I don't want to know any conversations you've had with any counsel. I just want to know your understanding of whether there was insurance available for any opioid claims.
Q. Is that a question, the question of insurance available for liabilities, is that something that would be part of your responsibilities as a CFO?
Q. And based on that, what's your understanding of insurance available to the PLC or any of its entities for any opioid-related liabilities?
Q. And when you say "very little," what's your understanding of what very little means?
Q. Was that coverage -- was that coverage for the PLC and all of its entities, or were there any separate policies for the entities?
Q. I asked a poor question. Let me ask that differently. Is it your understanding that any insurance coverage available, regardless of how minimal, would have covered both the PLC, SpecGx and the LLC?
Q. Mr. Harbaugh, are you familiar with something known as Project Georgetown?
Q. What was Project Georgetown?
Q. In that process, was there any discussion with potential buyers of the opioid litigation liabilities of either SpecGx or the PLC?
Q. Were there any offers to purchase the generics business as part of Project Georgetown?
Q. You said that you wouldn't go so far as to say that they were offers, so let me -- I want to make sure we're using the right terms. Was there anybody that put a bid in?
Q. And let me ask you first: Was any of that in writing? Were there any offers of interest in writing?
Q. Let me see if I can unpack that
Q. Do you recall what company or companies you were talking to?
Q. Who was that?
Q. And did Mallinckrodt break off any of those discussions, or did the various equity firms who were interested break off those discussions?
Q. And did any of that --
Q. So Mr. Harbaugh -- now I forgot what my question was. That was a very effective strategy. Mr. Harbaugh, did you have any discussions with any of these potential, we call them suitors, about the opioid liabilities of either the PLC or SpecGx?
Q. But I just got -- let me just follow up on that. Then would you say in your opinion, given the positions that you've had as the CFO at Mallinckrodt PLC and the position you took at SpecGx, is it your opinion that the inability to sell SpecGx was because of the potential opioid litigation liabilities?
Q. I'm trying to be efficient and take the time. Do you recall there being a Project Georgetown presentation?
Q. So let me just see if we can pull that up. It would be Tab 68 in your box.
Q. It is. I should have said that. I was sitting here thinking that in my head, and I didn't say it out loud. Yes, it's a PowerPoint. So, Mr. Harbaugh, just take a second, or have you taken a second to take a look at that PowerPoint?
Q. Great. Why don't go ahead and mark that as Exhibit 2.
Q. Mr. Harbaugh, first, do you know who drafted this PowerPoint?
Q. And is this a presentation that you made to the potential suitors to buy SpecGx?
Q. Other than Aurobindo, are there any other suitors that you were present and gave either all or part of this presentation?
Q. Can you look at --
Q. Could you -- and let me just back up. Other than Aurobindo, any other MNKOI 0004574265 companies that you gave this presentation to?
Q. And do you believe that you gave this presentation to other suitors, but you just don't recall which ones at this time?
Q. Could you take a look at page -- what would be on the PowerPoint page 6, there's a little 6 in the bottom. Do you see that the first bullet point says, "The company's gross strategy is to build a leading specialty MNKOI 0004574266 brands portfolio"?
Q. Okay. Was that -- was that accurate to the best of your belief at the time?
Q. And let me back up. I didn't ask you, and I should. How did this get the name Project Georgetown? Where does the name Georgetown come from?
Q. Did you see that there's a comparison of fiscal year 2013 to fiscal year 2016 revenues? Do you see that?
Q. Was that accurate at the time?
Q. And at the bottom of the first footnote -- footnote. Excuse me. The first MNKOI 0004574267 bullet point at the bottom, "Georgetown's consistent cash flows have helped fund this transformation." Was that accurate at the time?
Q. And at the bottom here it says, "Given ongoing sector consolidation and inbound interest, the company is exploring strategic alternatives for Georgetown." Did I read that correctly?
Q. Was that accurate at the time?
Q. Could you take a look at talk about getting old, I think I need some glasses. Could you take a look at page 53 for me? That's entitled "Basis of Presentation," correct?
Q. And then there are a series of three bullet points. The deal perimeter of products including Georgetown includes, and the deal perimeter for facilities, and the MNKOI 0004574268 deal perimeter -- strike that. The basis of preparation for the deal, basis financial statements will include only. Without going through all those, is this list an accurate representation of what was included in the sale proposal of Project Georgetown?
Q. You said it changed at some point. As you sit there today, do you know in what way it changed?
Q. Well, I wanted to talk to you about Amitiza. What was Amitiza?
Q. And were there -- do you know whether there was subsequent versions of this slide deck that included Amitiza?
Q. Okay. And so to put it simply, if I can, Amitiza was acquired, essentially, after Project Georgetown had been given up on, if you pardon my poor grammar?
Q. I want to talk a little bit about when you when you left. Tell me -- tell me why you left.
Q. Did you sign a confidentiality agreement at the time that you left?
Q. And without breaching confidentiality, do you know what the terms are of that agreement that you're not prohibited from discussing?
Q. And did you sign a noncompete agreement when you left?
Q. And I don't want to dig into it too deeply, but was there a geographic scope,
Q. Do you still own any stock in Mallinckrodt?
Q. That's a big "less." Can you give me an estimate?
Q. Okay. Great.
Q. And is that -- It doesn't matter to me at 89"
Q. Is that 87,000 shares, is that -- that's in the PLC, correct?
Q. Do you own, as you sit there today, any aspect of any other Mallinckrodt entity?
Q. Do you have any other financial interests in Mallinckrodt or any Mallinckrodt-related entity?
Q. Do you -- understand I just said that. I'm going to ask you anyway. Do you have any kind of a -- any kind of a pension or annuity with Mallinckrodt?
Q. Welcome back, Mr. Harbaugh. Are you ready to continue?
Q. I'm going to go back to some basics. When we started, like I said, I'm going to try get as much done as possible in the limited time that we have, so I want to go back and try and ask you what may sound like some basic questions. Okay?
Q. Would you agree with me that Mallinckrodt LLC was the sole member of SpecGx LLC?
Q. Sure. Would you agree with me that Mallinckrodt LLC was the sole member of SpecGx LLC?
Q. Okay. Do you know what Mallinckrodt APAP LLC was or is?
Q. Do you know what APAP stands for?
Q. Okay. To the best of your recollection, what does APAP LLC stand for?
Q. Are you -- as the former chief financial officer of Mallinckrodt PLC, are MNKOI 0004574277 you familiar with an entity called Mallinckrodt APAP LLC?
Q. Do you know who came up with the name for SpecGx?
Q. Do you know what --
Q. Do you know what the name stands for?
Q. Would you be able to identify for me the entities and the ownership structure between Mallinckrodt LLC and its ultimate owner, Mallinckrodt PLC?
Q. Let me just pull up -- and I don't mean to make this more difficult than it needs to be. There's an item in your box --
Q. -- number 62.
Q. You're familiar with what I'll make Exhibit 3.
Q. Are you familiar with this document, which for the record is MNK PLC-RIAG 02527? Have you seen this before?
Q. Okay. And does this, first of MNKOI 0004574279 all, in any way refresh your memory or provide you with the ability to identify the entities between Mallinckrodt LLC and Mallinckrodt PLC?
Q. In looking at this, does this provide you any information, or does it refresh your recollection at all as to what the purpose was of Mallinckrodt APAP LLC?
Q. Do you recall what the purpose was of forming SpecGx?
Q. None taken. Who other than Mr. Trudeau was involved in the formation of SpecGx?
Q. Sure. Who other than Mr. Trudeau was involved in the formation of SpecGx?
Q. Did you play any role in the formation of SpecGx?
Q. And am I correct that there was
Q. And who ultimately authorized that transfer?
Q. Is that your best recollection
Q. -- or the best that you recall?
Q. Okay. Do you know as you sit there today whether Mallinckrodt LLC debts and liabilities were transferred from that LLC to SpecGx LLC?
Q. Do you recall whether there was
Q. It's my understanding that we don't have one, so just for the record we'd make -- we'd make a request for a copy of that.
Q. Yeah. And I'm not saying you personally have a copy. I'm saying for the MNKOI 0004574284 purposes of the deposition, we ask Mallinckrodt-associated defendants for a copy.
Q. Mr. Harbaugh, do you know who would have signed or who did sign that agreement on behalf of both entities?
Q. And that's not something you have a recollection of as you sit there today?
Q. Do you know whether there was a valuation performed on the assets and liabilities transferred from Mallinckrodt LLC MNKOI 0004574285 to SpecGx LLC?
Q. This may also be I know we talked about taxes earlier. I'm going to go back and ask you some additional questions with respect to that. Do you know as you sit there today under which entity Mallinckrodt LLC filed its tax returns before the transfer to SpecGx?
Q. Would that be true if I asked you about Mallinckrodt LLC's tax return filings after the transfer to SpecGx?
Q. Mr. Harbaugh, is it true that there were officers of Mallinckrodt LLC who were also officers of SpecGx LLC?
Q. I want to take it back to the point at which there was the spin or the divestiture from Covidien. Do you recall that?
Q. At that point there was an entity created called Mallinckrodt LLC, correct?
Q. And there was also, as we discussed, the entity Mallinckrodt PLC, correct?
Q. Okay. And it was Mallinckrodt LLC that had a US-based pharmaceutical operation, correct?
Q. Okay. And when it was created, MNKOI 0004574287 the PLC didn't have any operations; is that correct?
Q. Well, let me ask a most pointed question. Would you agree with me that without the LLC and its US business operations, that there would be no point to the existence of the PLC?
Q. Let me ask you that differently. Would you agree with me that the sole purpose of the PLC at that point was to hold Mallinckrodt LLC and its US-based opioid business?
Q. Sure. Well, let me ask you that differently. Its sole purpose was to hold all of these businesses which were Mallinckrodt LLC at the time, correct?
Q. Let me phrase it differently. The sole purpose of the PLC was to hold those businesses you just listed off. Would that be accurate?
Q. And --
Q. And at the time of its creation, all of those businesses were under the Mallinckrodt LLC. Would that be correct?
Q. Sitting here today, do you know whether, at the time of its creation, any of those businesses were held by anything other than the LLC?
Q. Again, I don't want to belabor the point, but when it came into existence, did the PLC hold anything other than Mallinckrodt LLC?
Q. Well, let me ask you that differently. All that we have on the screen right now, that's all September 28th of 2018, correct?
Q. And did any of that exist at the time of the creation of the PLC?
Q. Do you know -- do you know who Karen Schaefer [sic] reported to while you were CFO of the PLC?
Q. I'm sorry, Kathleen. I'm sorry, Kathleen Schaefer.
Q. Okay. And who did Mr. Haselhorst report to while you were the CFO?
Q. And who did Mr. Einwalter report to while you were the CFO?
Q. After you went to SpecGx, who did they report to?
Q. And you may not know this, but do you know who they reported to after you left SpecGx? It sounds like Marvin left, so, again, you may not know, but I've got to ask the question.
Q. Do you know who Ms. Schaefer, Mr. Haselhorst and Mr. Einwalter received their compensation from? Was it the PLC or SpecGx?
Q. When you took the position at SpecGx, was any part of your compensation directly from the PLC?
Q. We did. MNKOI 0004574294
Q. Give me one second.
Q. I know we discussed -- let me ask it this way. Do you recall there being a receivables securitization agreement entered into?
Q. Okay. And do you recall that being sometime in 2014? MNKOI 0004574295
Q. Okay. And that was going to be my question. What was the purpose of that securitization agreement?
Q. And just for the record, that was a receivables securitization agreement, correct?
Q. And what's a receivables securitization agreement?
Q. Quickly. I know we discussed Mr. Kipler [sic] before, correct?
Q. Jeffrey Kilper?
Q. Who would he get paid by? Who was on his W-2? Who was technically his employer?
Q. And was his office in the shared complex? MNKOI 0004574297
Q. Prior to that, wasn't he -- was he in Hazelwood?
Q. And prior to SpecGx, was the LLC his employer or was the PLC his employer?
Q. I said, prior to SpecGx, was the LLC his employer or was the PLC his employer?