Witness: Michael Wessler
Attorney: MR. Chalos
Source: MNKOI0004557138
============================================================

Q. Thank you, Mr. Wessler, for being here today. Have you ever given a deposition before?

Q. Okay. So I'm sure you've talked with your counsel about how to conduct yourself here today. If I ask a question that you don't understand, will you please let me know that you don't understand it?

Q. Okay. And if you answer the question, I'm going to assume that you understood it. Is that fair?

Q. Okay. Let me hand you what we have marked as Exhibit Number 1, which is the deposition notice for today. We've got paper copies of most of these -- extra paper copies of most of them, but he's going to be putting them up on the Elmo as well, so one way or another you guys will be able to see them.

Q. Okay. So Exhibit Number 1, the deposition notice for today, Mr. Wessler, have you had a chance to review that document?

Q. Have you seen it before today?

Q. If you look at Schedule A of the deposition notice, there lists three requests for production of documents. Do you see that? It starts on page number 4 of Exhibit Number 1 on the very bottom there, Request for Production Number 1.

Q. And then it spills over the next page where there's Request for Productions Number 2 and 3. Do you have any documents in your possession that fit with the descriptions in either Request for Production 1, 2 or 3?

Q. Okay. Have you produced those to counsel for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. What did you have in your possession?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. Did you have any other documents in your possession that fit within any of the categories in Exhibit 1?

Q. You produced those to counsel for Mallinckrodt?

Q. When was that?

Q. So as you sit here today, there are no documents in your possession that fit within the categories in Exhibit 1 that you have not produced to counsel for Mallinckrodt; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Let's mark as Exhibit 2...

Q. Oh, right. Good point. Yeah, if you could just leave it to the side --

Q. -- somewhere. There's about an 80 percent chance that I'm going to take that and stash it in some of my papers and walk out of here with it. I know I'm not supposed to.

Q. Yeah. But, yeah, you can just put them to the side, and if it gets to be too disorganized, let us know, and we can maybe put them on a chair or something.

Q. I tend not to go back to refer to earlier exhibits, but then again, sometimes I do. Exhibit 2 is a printout from LinkedIn that we printed a week or so ago. Let me hand that to you --

Q. -- and we've got some copies of this as well. And if you could take a look through that. My first question to you will be is the information contained in Exhibit 2 accurate. So you can just take a minute to look at that.

Q. Okay. So the information contained in Exhibit 2 is accurate?

Q. Did you input this information into the Linkedln system?

Q. Okay. Let's go back for just one second to the résumé that you produced to your counsel and to Mallinckrodt's counsel. Is the information contained within that résumé accurate?

Q. Okay. And is it --

Q. Okay. And is it complete in terms of your work history and educational history?

Q. Yes, sir.

Q. Okay. Let's talk now about Exhibit 2, your Linkedln entry. And it has you listed here as currently being the director of marketing for North America for Curium Pharma. Is that your current job?

Q. What do you do with them?

Q. Okay. What is the new asset? I mean, is it public information, or is it secret?

Q. What is that?

Q. Does Curium Pharmacy -- sorry -- Curium Pharma produce any opioids?

Q. Okay. Do you in your current job have anything to do with opioids?

Q. In the introduction to your -- I guess that's an introduction -- the first section of your Linkedln entry in Exhibit 2, the second paragraph there it says, "Achieved 130 percent of the financial forecast of Exalgo with only nine months of preparation, and ensured significant sales force engagement through a robust communication and incentive plan amidst another product launch." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And that's referring to your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And what was your role with respect to Exalgo at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Was the messaging that you helped develop limited to just the messaging that the sales force would deliver or was the messaging more broad than that?

Q. Okay. What does that mean "nonpersonal tactics"?

Q. And who was the target audience of the nonpersonal tactics?

Q. Was the same messaging that you developed for Exalgo also used for pharmacies?

Q. So what I'm getting at is the messaging that you helped deliver -- or helped develop for Exalgo, was this the totality of the messaging for Exalgo, however it was used, or was there a separate group that developed, for example, the messaging for pharmacies?

Q. Okay. You know, let's put that to the side. When we get to your experience at Mallinckrodt, maybe we'll dig into that a little bit more.

Q. Back to Exhibit Number 2, you said that you "ensured significant sales force engagement through a robust communication and incentive plan amidst another product launch." Let's break that down a little bit. What was your role with respect to the sales force engagement?

Q. Who is "we," when you say "we"?

Q. Okay. And what was your role with respect to the sales force incentive plan?

Q. So your role with respect to the incentive plan was just to be aware of it?

Q. Did you have any role in crafting the incentive plan for sales representatives?

Q. You go on to say here in Exhibit 2 that "Also increased revenue more than $20 million for Exalgo through the development and execution of a molecule matching strategy." What is that?

Q. Okay. And you go on to say here that you "drove widespread adoption through a robust KOL," key opinion leader, "satellite broadcast of the scientific messaging to more than 1,000 physician attendees." What does that mean?

Q. Was that a one-time event?

Q. What's a key opinion leader?

Q. What is the purpose of using a key opinion leader in marketing?

Q. The intention of using key opinion leaders was to increase the number of prescriptions for Mallinckrodt product?

Q. Oh, yes, that is a question. Yes.

Q. Sure, yes. And from time to time, Mr. Davison or someone else may make an objection.

Q. And unless they tell you not to answer, you can go ahead and answer the question and pay no mind to --

Q. -- the lawyers' back and forth. So the question was: The intention of using key opinion leaders was to increase the number of prescriptions of Mallinckrodt products where appropriate?

Q. And the hope, from a marketing standpoint, is that that information encourages an increase in the number of Mallinckrodt products -- prescriptions where they're appropriate to use; is that fair to say?

Q. And when more prescriptions for the Mallinckrodt product are written, the marketing efforts are considered to be more successful?

Q. Then yes?

Q. Okay. Right. That's what I'm driving at. So I'm not suggesting that your marketing efforts were encouraging prescriptions for inappropriate patients. What I'm trying to understand is that when you undertake from a marketing standpoint something like a broadcast of key opinion leaders to more than a thousand physicians, from a marketing standpoint, the hope is that that will, for the appropriate patients, drive up the number of prescriptions for that product; is that fair to say?

Q. Then the answer is yes?

Q. Okay. Yeah, sorry, we're just -- we are communicating, but you have to sort of verbalize the answer, yes, no, I don't know --

Q. -- and feel free to explain as long as you want. But it's not exactly a regular conversation.

Q. Okay. So let me see if I can do that again so we can clear up the record. From a marketing standpoint, the purpose of doing and undertaking like having key opinion leaders at a satellite broadcast to more than a thousand physicians is to, for the appropriate patients, increase the number of prescriptions for Mallinckrodt products?

Q. With the goal of, for the appropriate patients, increasing the number of Mallinckrodt prescriptions?

Q. You list here your jobs, back to Exhibit 2, your jobs with Mallinckrodt -- well, let me take it more broadly. You start in the present, and you go back to your time with Jones Pharma, Inc., which was February 1996 through July 2001. Do you see that?

Q. Did you have any other jobs in the pharmaceutical industry between 1996 and the present that are not listed in Exhibit 2? And you can take as much time as you need to review that.

Q. Okay. In what -- well, let me just take it company by company. For Jones Pharma, did you have anything to do with opioids there?

Q. And for Biomedical Systems, did you have anything to do with opioids there?

Q. So your only professional experience with opioids was during the time that you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And you were there for 14 years?

Q. The opioid products that you were involved with professionally at Mallinckrodt, let me list the ones that I know of, and tell me if I miss any. TussiCaps, Magnacet, Exalgo and Xartemis. Were there any others that you were involved with at Mallinckrodt? We're talking about opioids.

Q. Okay. Let's start with Tussi -- no, sorry, Magnacet. Magnacet was the first in time; is that right?

Q. Okay. Let's start with Magnacet here. You list in Exhibit 2 on the second page under your role as a senior product manager, October 2006 to November 2009, you said you "led the commercial launch of Magnacet and TussiCaps, inclusive of prelaunch market development, manufacturing and clinical development management." Do you see that?

Q. And that's true for Magnacet?

Q. Okay. What was your role with respect to Magnacet?

Q. What is sales collateral?

Q. Does that include like the pens and pads and that stuff that you used to be able to do?

Q. Okay. That's called sales collateral?

Q. Okay. I learned a new word at the last deposition, too, armamentarium.

Q. Armamentarium. Yeah, there... Okay. So you developed the messaging and the sales collateral for Magnacet?

Q. Okay. Did you do anything else with respect to Magnacet?

Q. Okay. What was Magnacet?

Q. For what type of patients was Magnacet typically prescribed? Was it acute pain or chronic pain or...

Q. Okay. Is that still on the market, Magnacet?

Q. Was it removed from the market while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you think it's been removed since then?

Q. Do you have any idea when?

Q. Do you know why it was removed from the market?

Q. Okay. For how long a period of time did Mallinckrodt actively promote Magnacet?

Q. Was it promoted during the entire time that you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. So there came a time somewhere along the way during your 14 years there that Mallinckrodt decided to no longer actively promote Magnacet?

Q. Were you involved in that addition at all?

Q. Sold the product?

Q. The drug? Okay. Got it. They didn't -- somebody else took it over?

Q. Okay. You go on to say here, "Within two years of launch, achieved full payback on Magnacet through development and execution of a strategic promotional messaging strategy." Do you see that?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Meaning the sales of Magnacet were sufficient to cover with the revenue generated by the costs of purchasing the Magnacet product?

Q. Okay. Did you, at any time while you were at Mallinckrodt, develop a method for measuring the return on investment for marketing expenditures?

Q. Sure. Did you -- let me ask it maybe

Q. Okay. Did you have any role in that?

Q. Do you know how they calculated the return on investment for marketing expenditures?

Q. Was that -- was that calculation, meaning the return on investment for marketing expenditures, was that done for all four of the opioid products that you were involved with at Mallinckrodt, to your knowledge?

Q. Yeah. So the return on investment for the marketing expenditures for a product, was that done for each of the four opioid products that you were involved with?

Q. Okay. What do you mean by that?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. I see. Was that calculation done for tactics for all four of the opioids that you were involved with at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Was there a return on investment calculation made for each of the marketing undertakings while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Yeah, in categorical terms. In other words -- well, let me ask you. How was it -- let me try it a different way. How was it -- when you were at Mallinckrodt, how did the company decide whether to conduct a return on investment for

Q. Okay. And what do you mean by that?

Q. What would be a tactic that would be easier to calculate the return on investment for?

Q. Where you could then measure -- you can calculate how much it cost to do the e-mail blast, and then you know the doctors to whom it went, and then you calculate whether they prescribed additional Mallinckrodt products after the e-mail blast? Is that roughly how it happened?

Q. Okay.

Q. Got it. Let's mark this as the next exhibit. Okay. So we've marked as Exhibit 3 a document that has the Bates range MNK-Tl 0007845224 through 7845241. And it says it's a performance management document, October 2004. This is the "this is your life" portion of the deposition. This is your performance evaluation to 2004.

Q. And you can read the whole thing if you want. I'm going to refer you specifically to page 4 of the document, and I'm going to ask you about -- there's one particular sentence in there I wanted to ask you about. It's under actual results, right kind of in the middle of the page.

Q. It's one page further along. It says 4 at the bottom, but it's Bates number MNK-T1 0007845230. And the sentence I want to ask you about there is the second one in the center of the page under actual result. It says, "He created the database to measure the ROI on many of the marketing programs and trained the marketing analysts on its use." Do you see that?

Q. What is that referring to?

Q. Call reporting database?

Q. Okay. What was the purpose of that?

Q. And how did that measure the ROI on many of the marketing programs?

Q. Was there a database that served a similar function in place during the entire rest of the time you were at Mallinckrodt --

Q. -- to your knowledge?

Q. Do you remember when that was?

Q. So the database that's referenced on the page 4 of Exhibit 3 is the call reporting database?

Q. Okay. So there's no separate database intended to measure the ROI for marketing programs?

Q. Okay. Was the call reporting database used, after they phased out the one you created with the outside vendor, was that used to measure ROI on marketing expenditures as well?

Q. Sure. Okay. So you, I think, said that the database that you created with the outside vendor to record call reports, that was phased out at some point --

Q. -- and replaced -- that was replaced with another database?

Q. Was that new database used to measure the ROI on marketing expenditures as well?

Q. Did you see any ROI calculations for marketing expenditures with respect to Xartemis?

Q. Okay. And did you see any ROI calculations for marketing expenditures with respect to Exalgo?

Q. How about for Magnacet?

Q. Okay. How about TussiCaps?

Q. When you were at Mallinckrodt, how did the company measure the success of a marketing tactic?

Q. In terms of number of prescriptions?

Q. Okay. Were there any other metrics used while you were at Mallinckrodt to measure whether a marketing tactic was successful, other than the number of prescriptions written for Mallinckrodt product?

Q. Okay. What other metrics were used?

Q. And what would be an example of another metric?

Q. How would Mallinckrodt, while you were there, how would they measure the number of prescriptions written for a Mallinckrodt product?

Q. Okay. What do you mean by that?

Q. And that would tell them the number of prescriptions written for that product at a given time period?

Q. In terms of measuring the effectiveness of a marketing tactic while you were at Mallinckrodt, was the primary method for measuring the success the number of prescriptions written?

Q. Was the marketing efforts that you were involved with for Magnacet, were they successful in increasing the number of prescriptions for Magnacet?

Q. Meaning of the total market for similar opioids?

Q. Is that a yes?

Q. That's fine. You're doing great on that so far. Magnacet was for acute pain; is that right?

Q. So acute pain is not necessarily opioid-tolerant patients; is that right?

Q. Okay. So put another way, acute pain -- acute pain patients are generally patients who have not had prior exposure to opioids?

Q. So they may be new to opioids; they may not be?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt undertake to measure how many of the patients that were prescribed Magnacet were new to opioids?

Q. Do you recall with respect to any of the opioid products that you were involved with at Mallinckrodt, whether Mallinckrodt measured what percentage of the patients who received prescriptions for that product were new to opioids?

Q. Opioid-naive is the term for patients who had not had prior exposure to opioids?

Q. So for TussiCaps, Magnacet and Xartemis, the patients who received prescriptions for those drugs included opioid-naive patients?

Q. There was nothing -- well, let me rephrase it. The marketing for --

Q. Yeah, sure.

Q. Okay. Was TussiCaps indicated for only opioid-tolerant patients?

Q. Okay. So among the target -- among the appropriate patients for TussiCaps would be opioid-naive patients?

Q. Okay. What do you mean?

Q. So the FDA provided no guidance one way or the other on whether it's appropriate for patients who are opioid-naive?

Q. What about Mallinckrodt's marketing? Did -- for TussiCaps. Did Mallinckrodt's marketing for TussiCaps say anything one way or another as to whether it appropriate only for patients who were opioid-tolerant?

Q. Okay. So the marketing materials were silent as to whether it should be limited only to opioid-tolerant patients?

Q. Okay. So let me try that again. The marketing materials for TussiCaps, did they say anything one way or another as to whether TussiCaps was appropriate for opioid-nalve patients?

Q. Okay. Back to Exhibit Number 2, your Linkedln under the senior product manager section on page 2. The last sentence, "Accelerated TussiCaps uptake through development and execution of an award-winning prelaunch marketing campaign." Do you see that?

Q. What are you referencing there?

Q. Okay. Was TussiCaps a new product?

Q. And it was a bioequivalent of an existing product; is that right?

Q. What was the existing product?

Q. Okay. Was that a Mallinckrodt product?

Q. What does it mean to be a bioequivalent?

Q. Okay. Was there -- okay. So here you said "accelerated TussiCaps uptake. 11 What does that mean?

Q. TussiCaps was you said it‘s

Q. Was there an indication for children as well?

Q. Do you remember what age children were included in the indication for TussiCaps? 09:45．57

Q. Ⅰs TussiCaps still on the market?

Q. Do you recall when that was?

Q. Okay. Let's move up here, and we're still on Exhibit 2. The position is product director, November 2009 to June 2015. Do you see that?

Q. You said, “工 led commercialization, launched strategy and lifecycle management for Xartemis and Exalgo tablets." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. What does the commercialization mean?

Q. What's the launch strategy?

Q. Okay. And lifecycle management, what does that mean?

Q. Okay. And if you go to the next paragraph it says, the second sentence, "Generated more than $250 million in total revenue from the approval of a product extension." What does that mean?

Q. And how was that $250 million measured? That's the total revenue from sales of the 32-milligram dosage of Exalgo?

Q. You go on to say, "I was a key contributor in the development of the commercial framework for the submission to petition FDA for approval." What does that mean?

Q. If you move down here in this same Exhibit 2, product manager, November 2005 to October 2006. Do you see that?

Q. Second sentence there, "Exceeded net sales and prescription demand budgets for Restoril 7.5 milligrams, 22.5 milligrams, and tofranil PM, and optimized the physician sampling strategy to accelerate ROI." Do you see that?

Q. ROI is return on investment?

Q. Okay. What does that mean, "optimize the physician sampling strategy to accelerate ROI"?

Q. What is the sampling program?

Q. Oh, I see. Providing samples of the product to physicians for use with patients?

Q. Okay. It's not a sampling of physicians?

Q. Got it. Okay. What was your -- let's take your last position as product director with Mallinckrodt. Did you have any role in setting the marketing budget?

Q. Who made the decision about -- who ultimately approved the marketing budget when you were in the role as product director?

Q. Were you the person who gathered the information and prepared the budget for approval?

Q. Was that true with respect to Xartemis and Exalgo?

Q. With respect to Xartemis and Exalgo -- well, scratch that. Let me start again. With respect to the marketing budgets that you were responsible for preparing, how did you measure whether those expenditures were successful on an ongoing basis?

Q. Do you follow what I'm saying?

Q. So where you could do -- where the company could do an ROI analysis, did it typically do an ROI analysis for marketing expenditures?

Q. Were there times where it could do an ROI -- like it was feasible to do an ROI calculation for marketing expenditure but the company chose not to do it?

Q. When there was an ROI analysis done of a marketing expenditure, how would that be presented? In other words, was there

Q. Okay. What do you mean by that?

Q. Did you yourself ever do an ROI calculation for a marketing tactic while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you recall how you presented those findings?

Q. Who would you typically present that to?

Q. Was there any sort of regular interval where you had to present an ROI for the marketing budget in terms of quarterly or, you know, annually or something like that?

Q. When you presented your marketing budgets for approval at Mallinckrodt, the ones that you prepared, did you have to make a presentation on the -- on the budget itself to somebody?

Q. Who would you typically make that to? Was it your boss?

Q. As part of that, did you ever present ROIs from prior years' budgets?

Q. Did you have marketing training or -- I'm sorry, marketing education when you were in college?

Q. How did you get into marketing?

Q. Okay. And this is -- you're talking about the time at Mallinckrodt from July 2004 through November 2005?

Q. Okay. What do you mean when you say it was more of a business development role?

Q. Okay. So how did you learn how to do marketing?

Q. Have you ever had any formal education on marketing?

Q. With -- while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. When was that?

Q. Was it just one class?

Q. Who put that on?

Q. What is that?

Q. Here in St. Louis?

Q. Where was that?

Q. Was that while you were in the marketing manager role, do you think?

Q. Okay. So sometime between '04 and '06?

Q. Okay. And that was -- other than that few days' class with Rosenblatt and Clouber, did you have any other formal education in marketing?

Q. What is the definition of "marketing" in your mind?

Q. Yes, I agree with that. Do you have a working definition of "marketing" in your mind?

Q. One of the goals of marketing is to sell products, would you agree with that?

Q. Is one of the goals of marketing to sell products?

Q. Are there any circumstances in which one of the goals of marketing is to sell products?

Q. Can you think of any circumstances where the goal of marketing is to sell products?

Q. You can't think of any circumstances where the goal of marketing would be to sell products?

Q. What is marketing responsible for?

Q. Is one of the purposes of marketing to create goodwill for a company?

Q. Was one of the purposes of the marketing efforts that you undertook at Mallinckrodt to create goodwill for the company?

Q. Like what?

Q. So what did you believe was the goal of marketing while you were the product director at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Was that true for the entire time you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you agree that a company engaged in pharmaceutical marketing must never put patients at risk by putting profits over patient safety when marketing a product?

Q. Sure. Do you agree that a pharmaceutical company, when engaged in marketing, must never put patients at risk by putting profits over patient safety?

Q. Why is it important that pharmaceutical companies should engage in truthful promotion of their product?

Q. And the decisions that physicians make about a company's product are influenced at least in part by the information that the pharmaceutical company provides through its marketing?

Q. Well, one of the intentions of -- one of the goals of marketing is to give information to physicians, right?

Q. And one of the goals of marketing is that physicians use that information, at least in part, to make decisions about whether to prescribe the company's products?

Q. Why do you say "probably"? That's not one of the goals of marketing?

Q. Yeah, right. I'm not asking whether they do. What I'm asking is, one of the goals from the marketing standpoint of providing information to physicians is that the physicians would then use that information to help decide whether to use the company's products?

Q. And in that context, the -- it is very important that the information that comes through marketing to the physician from the pharmaceutical company is accurate, right?

Q. Okay. So, yes, accurate and also consistent with the label?

Q. Okay. From a marketing standpoint, do you agree that pharmaceutical companies have a heightened responsibility to provide truthful information to the users of its products?

Q. If you need a break at any time, let me know.

Q. While you were at Mallinckrodt, was the marketing messaging the same nationwide?

Q. Absolutely, please do.

Q. Yes, sir.

Q. Okay. So the marketing messaging that was used, let's say, in Ohio was the same as the messaging used in California, for example?

Q. Let's mark as the next numbered exhibit, Exhibit 4, a document that starts with MNK-Tl 0000000264 through 287. And this, I'll represent to you, is an organizational chart that was produced to us in this litigation. It was previously marked as Exhibit 2 to Mr. Wickline's deposition on November 13th of 2018. For some reason it says 2015 on the sticker.

Q. Is it? Okay. It could be. Anyway, so that's Exhibit Number 4. I'm really going to ask you about the first page here, where on the side it says -- it's dated 4/1 of '13. You can take

Q. And it's got you on this diagram reporting directly to the vice president of marketing, who at this time was Terry Terifay. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Is that the -- this was in your position as product director; is that right?

Q. Okay. Was there -- in your role as product director, did you always report to a vice president of marketing?

Q. Who else did you report to?

Q. Okay. Is that -- who was that?

Q. So as a product director, there's a time where you reported to the senior director of marketing?

Q. Okay. When was that?

Q. Okay. And at some point then you were -- your direct reporting chain was changed to where you reported directly to the vice president of marketing?

Q. And you think it was around that time, 2009, 2010?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. It has November 14th of 2011, listed under Terry Terifay, vice president of marketing. Do you see that?

Q. Do you think -- is that -- is that consistent with your memory, that he came on board sometime in 2011?

Q. Okay. In your role as senior product manager, to whom did you report? Both name and position, if you remember.

Q. Is Mr. Novak still with Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Do you keep up with anyone at Mallinckrodt presently?

Q. Who do you keep up with over there?

Q. Okay. Mr. Patterson still with the company?

Q. Okay. Do you keep up with anyone who's still with Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Are you like Facebook friends or something?

Q. Oh, good for you. Good. It's just a waste of time, I think, anyway. Where is Mr. Patterson now?

Q. Is that the company you're with?

Q. How about Mr. Novak?

Q. What do they do?

Q. You know, there's one other page I'd like to ask you about, the second to last page where it's got your direct reports.

Q. Okay. It says -- it's got you listed as the director of pharma product, and then it has two direct reports to you: Melissa Falcone and Jennifer Lierman. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Was there a time where Melissa Falcone no longer reported to you?

Q. Okay. Did she get promoted?

Q. To what job did she get promoted?

Q. Okay. Do you know where she is now? Is she still with Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you keep up with her?

Q. You left the company in 2015; is that right?

Q. Okay. Why did you leave?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Why? Do you know?

Q. At which business unit was that?

Q. Did that correspond with the time where the company was -- decided to no longer promote Xartemis?

Q. How much notice were you given that you were being severed?

Q. You ultimately negotiated a severance with the company; is that right?

Q. Okay. Well, was it six months' pay? Is that right?

Q. Okay. Let's mark as the next numbered exhibit the severance agreement. So let's mark as Exhibit Number 5 MNK-T1 0007845172 through 5199. It's Exhibit Number 5. And you can look through that as much as you need to. I can tell you the questions I'm going to have are going to be -- probably start with page 3 of 14 about your salary and bonus. Are you ready?

Q. Okay. So if you look at Exhibit 5, page 3, which it ends in Bates 5176, it says -- looking at 2 A, salary continuation payment. So it says there that the agreement was they'll pay you 26 weeks of salary, weekly gross of $6,452. Do you see that?

Q. Did I get that wrong?

Q. Okay. I mean, I was trying to get you a little more money out of the deal.

Q. Okay. So there -- they agreed to pay you basically half a year's salary; is that right?

Q. Yeah. Okay. And then you also were eligible to receive your incentive bonus gross of 31,455. That's in paragraph B. Do you see that?

Q. Did you receive that bonus?

Q. Okay. Did you ever receive any stock options from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Do you currently hold any of those?

Q. Do you hold any stock currently in Mallinckrodt?

Q. A mutual fund?

Q. Did you ever exercise any of your stock options?

Q. And then you've now since sold the stock?

Q. When was the last time you sold any Mallinckrodt stock, leaving aside the mutual funds that may hold it?

Q. Oh, okay. While you were still working there?

Q. Okay. Did you own any stock at the time of your severance? Sorry. Did you own any Mallinckrodt stock at the time of your severance?

Q. If you turn to what's marked as 7 of 14, it ends in Bates 5184. Okay. So we're at page 7 of Exhibit 5, noncompetition, C 1. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Did you -- for the period of 12 months after you left Mallinckrodt, did you refrain from working in the pharmaceutical industry?

Q. Okay. How did you interpret the noncompete?

Q. Ah, okay. Did you make your employment decisions for -- after you left Mallinckrodt based -- or factoring in this provision of your severance agreement that is labeled here as noncompetition?

Q. Right. Okay. If you turn over to 9, page 9 of Exhibit 5, there's a provision here, paragraph 7. It says, "Nondisparagement. Subject to the provision of this section entitled Permissible Disclosures, employee agrees employee will not disparage or subvert the company or make any statement reflecting negatively on the company, its affiliated corporations or entities," et cetera, et cetera. Do you see that?

Q. Is this provision in this agreement something that is impacting your answers here today in any way?

Q. Okay. So your answers here today are being made irrespective of any provision in your severance agreement?

Q. Okay. You can put Exhibit 5 aside. QUESTIONS BY MR. CHALOS

Q. We'll mark as Exhibit Number 6

Q. Is that accurate?

Q. And you received a bonus of $31,451 in a lump sum, is that right, in that year?

Q. Did they pay you at the time of your severance?

Q. Okay. You can put that aside then. Have you ever seen your personnel file at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Let's mark this as an exhibit. Okay. So we'll mark as Exhibit Number 7 MNK-T1 0007845318 through 5323. And these are handwritten notes, it looks like, of an interview. Somebody did an interview of you. Have you ever seen this before?

Q. Okay. Do you have any idea whose handwriting that is?

Q. Okay. Well, you can put that aside then. I wanted you to see that so you can, when you look at your deposition, see the interview notes from your first interview.

Q. Yeah, doesn't really have anything to do with anything.

Q. They do. They do. Little like time capsules. QUESTIONS BY MR. CHALOS

Q. Let's talk about then Magnacet. We'll mark as the next numbered exhibit a document, it looks like some kind of presentation. This will be marked as Exhibit Number 8, MNK-T1 0002713694. And it ends -- oh, it's in native format, so we don't have an end Bates. Okay. Well, it starts at the Bates number I just gave. We'll call it Exhibit 8. And you can take as much time as you need to review that. My first question will be, do you know who prepared this presentation?

Q. And you can review as much of this as you need. I'll ask you specific questions about specific slides. Unfortunately they're not numbered, so we'll just have to put them up on the screen here. But the first page says it's a presentation to Argent dated 9/17 of 2007. Do you know what Argent is?

Q. Okay. Okay. Have you had a chance to review Exhibit 8?

Q. Okay. Do you -- have you ever seen this document before today?

Q. Do you have any idea who originally prepared this document?

Q. Okay. Let me just ask you about a few -- the statements in here. So if you flip over to the second page, it says, "Franchise positioning." Do you see that? Magnacet --

Q. Yeah, franchise positioning. And he's also got it up there.

Q. Yeah. Yeah, they're not numbered, so we'll just have to kind of follow along with each other. "Franchise positioning" is what it says on the heading of the page. It says, "The only pain relief product to combine four different dose strengths of oxycodone with 400 milligrams of APAP." Do you see that?

Q. What is APAP?

Q. Okay. So there were -- the dosage in Magnacet of acetaminophen stayed the same, but then the dose of oxycodone varied among the four different strengths; is that right?

Q. If you turn to the, let me see, one, two, three, fourth page, it says, "Physician sales aid," and there's a picture of a race car, The Pain Relief Challenge. Do you see that?

Q. Is this a marketing piece that you developed?

Q. Okay. But your team within Mallinckrodt developed this?

Q. Okay.

Q. Right. Yeah, this is -- if this is in '07, you were a senior product manager; is that right?

Q. Yeah. This is dated 9/17 of 2007. According to your Linkedln, you became

Q. Okay. If you look at the next page, it's physician sales aid front cover continued. The second put there says, "Mallinckrodt is launching a new product." Under that it says, "Leverage our reputation. Number one producer of bulk narcotics." Do you see that?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. If you know?

Q. Those were for products beyond just the branded Mallinckrodt products, including generics and others?

Q. Okay. Did you ever, while you were at Mallinckrodt, have any role with respect to generic products?

Q. Who did the marketing messaging for generic products at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Was it a different group entirely from your group?

Q. Was there also a bulk narcotics group or division within Mallinckrodt when you were there?

Q. What is that?

Q. Did they have a marketing unit as well?

Q. Okay. I don't know how to say where this is, but it says, "Premium items." It's like not quite halfway through. It looks like that. It's a picture of a pen.

Q. Well, let me start with the pen. Yeah. So if you look at the page it says, "Premium items, Magnacet pens, MK8736." Do you see that?

Q. Is this an example of the sales collateral that you talked about earlier?

Q. That's what I would call them, tchotchkes, yeah. So what does MK8736 mean?

Q. Okay. Got it. And then if you flip a couple more, another one of the tchotchkes, or sales collateral, is a Magnacet race car mint tin?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Does that -- did these ever go into actual production and get handed out?

Q. Is that a yes?

Q. That's okay. And if you flip over one more, there's a die cast race car clock. Do you see that?

Q. Is that something that got handed out as well?

Q. Did you keep one of those?

Q. Ah, too bad. It's pretty cool. What was the purpose of the sales collateral such as these cars and the pens and pads and all that?

Q. What would be done with these products? Would they be given to physicians?

Q. Okay. If you keep turning to -- it says, "Pharmacy sales aid, front cover continued." Yeah, that's it, you got it. So it looks like -- it's after another picture.

Q. You find it? The third bullet says, "Proceed with caution when positioning this product." I should say, at the top of the page it says, "Pharmacy sales aid, front cover continued." And then the third bullet says, "Proceed with caution when positioning this product to pharmacists." And then the sub-bullet there says, "Mallinckrodt generics sells oxy/APAP combination products." Do you see that?

Q. So was one of the concerns when marketing Magnacet that you didn't want to cannibalize the generics market for similar products?

Q. Okay. Do you recall a concern that -- with Magnacet that pharmacists would attempt to fill that prescription with a generic?

Q. And one of the ways for dealing with that was Mallinckrodt produced a prescription pad that had a signature line that says "dispense as written"; is that right?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. If you turn to -- yeah, it says, "Pharmacy sales aid inside spread," page 2. Well, let's start with the race car. So is that -- I think I understand. So that prescription pad in the upper right of that sales aid says "dispense as written," I think.

Q. Okay. And so the graph -- okay. And if you turn two more pages forward, yeah, it says "prescription pad." That's referencing the prescription pad in that pharmacy sales aid?

Q. Is that -- is that what your recollection is?

Q. Oh, yeah, I'm sorry.

Q. Yeah.

Q. Yeah. So if you look -- it says "Prescription" -- "Pharmacy sales aid inside spread, page 2, continued" at the top.

Q. Yeah. And then it says "prescription pad." And then the, whatever, third or fourth bullet down it says, "Signature on the 'dispense as written line' reinforces that no substitution should occur with the product."

Q. Do you see that? That's a reference, that signature pad -- sorry, the prescription pad is a reference to the one in the sales aid?

Q. Okay. So Mallinckrodt, to your recollection, never produced a prescription pad for doctors to use; is that right?

Q. Okay. Okay. If you could turn to the page that says, "Pharmacy promotion piece, back cover, continued."

Q. No. If you would -- keep going, I think.

Q. You see it says, "Pharmacy promotion piece, back cover, continued, details of the program." And it references a $40 per bottle rebate underneath that. It says, "Very attractive offer." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Was there a rebate at some point for pharmacies in connection with Magnacet?

Q. Okay. Do you recall some kind of rebate program associated with Magnacet?

Q. Okay. Okay. If you could turn further along to -- it says, "Magnacet patient access program." I think most of the other presentations have page numbers, so --

Q. -- it won't be this tedious. This one. Yeah, that's it.

Q. Yeah, there you got it. It says, "Magnacet patient access program, co-pay discount cards, discount from their third-party payer co-pay." And the next bullet says, "$30 off initial three fills with minimum patient" -- "with MIN patient responsibility of $5." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall a patient co-pay discount program with Magnacet?

Q. And by that program, it would be some reduced co-pay for the patients?

Q. Okay. If you flip over to the next page, "Guaranteed sales program." Do you recall there being a guaranteed sales program for pharmacies associated with Magnacet?

Q. Yeah, do you -- do you understand what a guaranteed sales program is?

Q. How do those programs work in general?

Q. Do you recall there being a guaranteed sales program with Magnacet?

Q. Okay. Okay. You can put that aside. One of the tools that Mallinckrodt salespeople used was a -- was scripts for selling scenarios and interactions with doctors; is that right?

Q. Yeah.

Q. Did you -- when you were at Mallinckrodt, did you ever recall seeing a script that was given to sales representatives to simulate an interaction with the doctor?

Q. Was that -- were those scripts developed by the marketing department?

Q. Was the training department separate from the marketing department?

Q. Was that located within the sales group?

Q. Okay. Were you ever part of the sales training group?

Q. Did you ever have a role in sales training while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Was the division of labor between the sales group and the marketing group, was that consistent over time when you were at Mallinckrodt, or did that change?

Q. Okay. So what did the sales group do versus the marketing group with respect to the opioid products, let's say?

Q. Okay. What was your role in developing the launch plan for Magnacet?

Q. Let's mark as Exhibit Number 9 an e-mail, MNK-T1 0003065351. Have you had a chance to review that?

Q. Okay. This is an e-mail dated February 21st of 2007 at 5:31 p.m. from you to somebody named Jason Jones. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know who Jason Jones is?

Q. Who is that?

Q. I mean, what was his role?

Q. Do you have any idea of what his role was in 2007?

Q. Okay. Well, in this e-mail you said to Mr. Jones, "Magnacet is a product which maximizes the analgesia provided in an oxycodone/APAP combination product while remaining below the 4-gram threshold at two tablet QID dosing by virtue of the unique 400-milligram dose." The next line is, "Purchase now and receive a $40 rebate per bottle, up to a maximum of $80 or two bottles per pharmacy." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Does that refresh your recollection as to what role Mr. Jones may have had? Did he have something to do with pharmacies?

Q. Okay. And next line here is, "Our sales force is actively creating demand in physicians' offices in your proximity." Do you see that?

Q. And that was one of the goals of the sales force, was to actively create demand for Mallinckrodt products?

Q. What does "actively" creating demand mean here?

Q. Okay. Was that phrase "actively" creating demand something that you used when you worked at Mallinckrodt in terms of the role of the sales force?

Q. Okay. Well, is one of the roles of the sales force at Mallinckrodt to actively create demand for Mallinckrodt products?

Q. Right. Was -- I understand it was that

Q. Okay. We'll mark Exhibit Number 10 here, which is MNK-T1 0003064798. And on the top of this document it says, "Pharmacy guaranteed sales program selling scenario." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. You can take as much as you need to review the document. My first question will be is do you know who prepared this document?

Q. Yes.

Q. Absolutely. Yes.

Q. Let's finish with this document, if you can hold it.

Q. Okay. But if we get emergency status, let me know.

Q. Yes, sure.

Q. Okay. Is this the type of document, when you were at Mallinckrodt, that would come from the marketing department?

Q. Okay. Were sales representatives told to call on pharmacies as well with respect to Magnacet?

Q. Okay. If you look at the second -- well, third paragraph, it says, "Rep: I have been driving physician demand in the area for Magnacet, and my company is so confident we will generate prescriptions that we will guarantee it." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Is that a message that came from the marketing department, to your recollection?

Q. Okay. You don't know who prepared this?

Q. While you were at Mallinckrodt, did you -- do you recall ever hearing the terms "driving physician demand" or something like that?

Q. Okay. Let's mark as Exhibit Number 11 MNK-T1 0001126586, and it's another presentation with no page numbers.

Q. The first page says, "2009 TussiCaps A&P budget presentation," and it's dated December the 10th of 2008. My first question to you will be what is A&P?

Q. Okay. Okay. Have you had a chance to review that?

Q. Okay. Have you seen this document before today?

Q. Was this a document that you prepared?

Q. And was your role in 2008 with respect to TussiCaps related to preparing A&P budgets?

Q. Okay. Was there anybody else in that role as well at that time?

Q. Okay. So you may have prepared this; is that possible?

Q. You just don't remember?

Q. Okay. Well, let me ask you about a few things here. If you could turn to -- to this third page, it says, "Cough and cold market." It says, "The fiscal year '08 and '09 cough and cold market is in a state of flux. September 28, 2007, FDA announced removal of approximately 200 hydrocodone products from the market." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall what that was all about?

Q. If you turn to, I don't know, it's eight or ten pages in, it says, "2009 A&P overview."

Q. It says at the top, "$7.11 million investment in total." Do you see that?

Q. And there's a breakdown among five categories. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So is that -- do you recall that the -- well, let me back up. Does that mean that the investment in A&P -- and what was A&P again?

Q. Yeah, the investment in advertising and promotion in 2009 for TussiCaps was -- the expenditure was $7.1 million?

Q. Okay. If you turn over to the next page, it says, "Operational tactic and budget." The second big bullet says, "276 million incremented monthly based upon the initial tactical plan." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. It's "Operational tactics and budget."

Q. Yeah.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And okay. It says, "276M incremented monthly based upon initial tactical plan." Do you see that?

Q. Is that -- what is 276 -- is that 276 million?

Q. Yeah. Okay. Right. Did you have any role when you were at Mallinckrodt in developing any of the medical literature, medical studies, regarding any of the Mallinckrodt products?

Q. No, I mean the -- well, let's start with that, yes, clinical trials?

Q. Okay. What about the literature that -- postmarketing literature, did you have any role in developing any of that?

Q. In deciding what areas needed to be addressed through medical literature, did you have any role in deciding that?

Q. Okay. If you flip over to -- it says, "Clinical peer to peer: Budget and tactics." This page says, "Clinical peer to peer: Budget and tactics, third-party partnership, evaluating American College of Emergency Physicians as a possible partner." Do you see that?

Q. Did you have any role as -- with Mallinckrodt in determining which third-party partnerships the company should enter into?

Q. Okay. It says, "Personal promotion: Budget and tactics" on top. And then it says "trials" -- there it is, "trial scripts." Yeah.

Q. That's okay. It's cumbersome here.

Q. "Personal promotion" and "trial scripts" is what it says.

Q. "Integral tool to garner initial trial," under that it says, "Four free capsules with accompanying prescription." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall with TussiCaps if there was a program where patients would receive four free capsules with a prescription?

Q. Okay. Do you also recall a discount for patients, or is that something you were just -- if you look at -- sorry. Look at the next page, if you would. "Personal promotion: Budget and tactics, co-pay discount coupons." It says, "10 percent discount of patient out-of-pocket costs." Do you see that?

Q. Yeah. What did I say, 10 percent?

Q. $10, yeah, $10. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall that program as you sit here today?

Q. Okay. If you turn to nonpersonal promotion website. Do you recall there being a website capthecough.com associated with TussiCaps?

Q. Okay. Did that ever go online, do you remember, that website?

Q. Flip to the next page, digital advertising. It references, "Banner ads, skyscraper ads, to drive health care practitioners and patients to our website." Do you see that?

Q. Is that something that ever happened?

Q. Yeah, you got it. Was that -- were there ever skyscraper ads associated with TussiCaps, to your knowledge?

Q. Okay. If you flip over to the page that says, "Nonpersonal promotion, budget and tactics, Catalina marketing initiative. Target patients filling three-plus Tussionex prescriptions in rolling three" -- sorry -- "rolling six-month period." Do you see where it says that?

Q. Do you recall the Catalina marketing initiative?

Q. Okay. Meaning whether you implemented it?

Q. Okay. Is TussiCaps still on the market?

Q. Okay. So we may only have one copy.

Q. Let's mark as Exhibit 12 a document, MNK-T1 0007901756 through 1762. Here you are. And you can look at the entire document. What I'm going to ask you about is under the marketing section on page 1760. There's also a 5 in the upper right corner of that page. But you can read as much of this as you need to get context. 上上：乙4:37 And the date on the document 上上：24:47 was sorry about that. The date on the 上上：24:48 document is July 6， 2004. 11：24:52

Q. Okay. So this is something that is entitled "Monthly Report June." 上上：／◎：50 Do you see tha艺? 上上：乙幻：53 上上 A. Yes. 11：26:53

Q. Do you recognize this format?

Q. Okay. You're in 20 -- I ’m sorry, 2004. What was your role at 上上：27:02 Mallinckrodt then? Do you remember? 上上：27:06 上／ A． I believe it was prior to my 上上：2 ／：上上 上豈 role in marketing. 上 don't remember the 上上：27：14 specific title.

Q. Sales operation? 上 A． Probably at that time. 11：27：1／

Q. Okay. So if you look at that 11：27：20 page A． Yeah, actually 上上：2 ／:23

Q. Sorry, yeah.

Q. Yeah.

Q. Okay. So in the section here that -- on page 1760, it's page 5 of Exhibit 12, the marketing section?

Q. At that time did you have anything to do with preparing or presenting the marking section here?

Q. Okay. And what I'm asking specifically about is the section there that says, "Results against performance metrics, marketing physician productivity and ROI on marketing programs." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. As you sit here today, do you recall having anything to do with that portion of this report?

Q. Okay. Okay. We can put that aside then. What was your role with respect to Exalgo at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. What does that mean in terms of your duties?

Q. So we'll mark as Exhibit 13 MNK-T1 0001192760. It's another native document, but these slides have numbers on them. So the first page says, "Fiscal year '10, TussiCaps and Exalgo commercial plans dated October 28th of 2009." Was it your responsibility at that time in 2009 to develop the commercial plans for TussiCaps and Exalgo?

Q. You can take as much time as you need to review this. My first question will be about page 11, Exhibit 13.

Q. From a marketing standpoint, was TussiCaps considered a success?

Q. How about Exalgo? From a marketing standpoint, was Exalgo considered a success?

Q. Was there ever a time where Exalgo, from a marketing standpoint, was considered successful?

Q. And I think -- well, was Xartemis, from a marketing standpoint -- sorry -- Xartemis, from a marketing standpoint, considered to be successful?

Q. Probably doesn't depend on who you asked for that one.

Q. Okay. Let's look at page -- actually, page 8 of Exhibit 13. It says, "Exalgo TOWS." Do you see that?

Q. I think TOWS stands for threats, opportunities, weaknesses and strengths. Does that sound right?

Q. Okay. I'm going to ask you about a couple of these phrases here. First of all, let me back up. How -- how were the threats, opportunities, weaknesses and strengths of Exalgo determined in 2009?

Q. Was that something within your area of responsibility?

Q. Okay. If you look at the weaknesses box on page 8 of Exhibit 13, do you see that?

Q. The second bullet point says, "Physician concerns regarding abuse potential related to hydromorphone." Do you see that?

Q. Do you have any idea what that means?

Q. Hydromorphone being more potent than morphine?

Q. And how did you know that at that time?

Q. If you go down to threats, that section?

Q. The third bullet, "Abuse, misuse and diversion." Do you see that?

Q. How was that a threat to Exalgo?

Q. What was -- what did the company do to prevent or reduce diversion of its products at that time?

Q. Okay. The next bullet says, "Possible Palladone reentry." Do you see that?

Q. What was -- what is Palladone?

Q. Okay. And the next bullet says, "Reluctance to use potent opioids for chronic, noncancer pain." Do you see that?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Was one of the goals of the Exalgo marketing to give information to physicians about using Exalgo for chronic, noncancer pain?

Q. And one of the marketing messages for promoting Exalgo was that Exalgo could be used with chronic, noncancer pain; is that fair?

Q. So the marketing message was Exalgo can be used for patients with chronic pain, irrespective --

Q. Right.

Q. Okay. But one of the indications was chronic pain, irrespective of whether it was cancer or noncancer?

Q. Okay. So the marketing message -- one of the marketing messages with Exalgo is this is indicated for patients with chronic pain, period?

Q. Okay. If you turn to page 17 of Exhibit 13, it says, "Tactics and tools" on top.

Q. Do you see that? And there's three columns and three rows --

Q. -- of different tactics and tools. Do you see that?

Q. Does this page include the tactics and tools that Mallinckrodt used to promote Exalgo?

Q. And do you think there were more tactics and tools or fewer tactics and tools that were ultimately used?

Q. Got it. Do any of these other tactics and tools stand out to you as tactics and tools that were not used to promote Exalgo?

Q. What is an MOD video?

Q. That's under the patient welcome kit --

Q. -- you're talking about? Okay. Any others stand out as not being used for Exalgo?

Q. Okay. Do any of these stand out to you as things that you did, in fact, use with Exalgo?

Q. You did lunch and learn programs?

Q. Used clinical reprints?

Q. How about physician welcome kit?

Q. Dosing conversion tool?

Q. I think you did an iPad app for that as well?

Q. Okay. What is a Fingertip Formulary?

Q. Did the company prepare a Fingertip Formulary for Exalgo?

Q. Oh, okay. How about a product monograph?

Q. Okay. And Mallinckrodt used speaker programs for -- to promote Exalgo?

Q. Used advisory boards as well to promote Exalgo?

Q. Okay. What is a product theature?

Q. Okay. Did Mallinckrodt use a PR campaign in association with E xalgo?

Q. Okay． Was there a publication strategy for Exalgo?

Q. Okay. And how about a product website?

Q. Was there a direct mail program?

Q. Okay. How about an MD alert?

Q. Okay． Were there journal ads associated with Exalgo?

Q. Okay. Direct mail campaign?

Q. Okay． With respect to wholesalers, retail pharmacy and MCO, what is MCO?

Q. Okay. Were there pharmacy sales aids produced in 一一 associated with 上上：4乙：上予 Exalgo? 11 ．42:17

Q. Okay. Were there leave-behinds for wholesalers, retailer pharmacy and MCOs?

Q. What about lunch and learn programs?

Q. Were there clinical preprints for that group? △. I c盒T一薩十 r ，疊厂∼盒11 for th 盒t group. 11:4？竇食輯 Q． How about Fingertip 上上：42:40 Formularies? 11:42．42

Q. Stocking request forms, were those done?

Q. How about trade -- well, let me go back. What are stocking request forms?

Q. How would those stocking request forms get to the pharmacy?

Q. Is that something that the sales reps would bring to the pharmacy?

Q. Okay. What are trade communications?

Q. How about product monographs?

Q. Okay. Did you have any role in determining whether wholesalers would get rebates on any of the Mallinckrodt products?

Q. Were there speaker programs for the wholesalers, retail pharmacies or MCOs?

Q. How about an advisory board?

Q. Okay. Did you have any role in discussions with third-party payers about getting Exalgo on formularies?

Q. Okay. What is a pharmacy Pharm/alert?

Q. Okay. And did -- were there any pharmacy Pharm/alerts associated with Exalgo?

Q. Okay.

Q. But you believe so, you said?

Q. Okay. How about an MCO contracting?

Q. Okay. And then with respect to tactics and tools associated with patients, was there a patient welcome kit developed?

Q. Okay． What does patient education mean there?

Q. Okay． Was there a co-pay discount program for Exalgo?

Q. And the MOD video you don't

Q. Okay. How about a transition tool?

Q. Okay. Was there a product website developed that had a section intended to target patients?

Q. Okay. And if you flip to the next page, page 18, yeah, budget allocation, I haven't added all these up, but do you recall whether the final budget allocation for fiscal year 2010 ended up breaking down the way it's depicted on page 18 of Exhibit 13?

Q. Okay. You can put that aside for now. QUESTIONS BY MR. CHALOS

Q. Let's mark as Exhibit 14 a document, Bates MNK-Tl 0001188838. And it is

Q. My first question is going to be -- if you look at the second page, it says, "Exalgo plan, Mike." My question is going to be, is that you?

Q. Okay. So let's start at -- let's see here. We'll look at the Exalgo section here starting on page 21. It's not numbered, but it comes --

Q. It is. I'm saying but that page is not numbered.

Q. It says, "Exalgo plan." It's on the cover page.

Q. It's between 21 and -- I'm sorry, it's between 20 and 22, so we'll call it 21.

Q. So do you know whether you prepared this section of the presentation?

Q. Okay. Do you recall presenting this section at a medical affairs team meeting in 2010?

Q. Okay. Let's look at then page 24 --

Q. -- "Exalgo brand strategy." Is the brand strategy something that you had a role in developing?

Q. Okay. First, on the left-hand side, the top bullet point there says, "Barriers, negative perceptions of hydromorphone: Old, too potent and street value, and in parentheses, abuse." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Do you have any idea what that means as you sit here today?

Q. How did you know that at the time?

Q. Is there an opioid problem in the US today?

Q. Yeah.

Q. Yeah. Have you heard anything about the issue of opioids in the United States today?

Q. Yeah. What have you heard about it?

Q. Do you think that Mallinckrodt's marketing of opioids had any role in causing or contributing to the opioid problem that we have today?

Q. Why do you say that?

Q. Do you think physicians ever prescribed Mallinckrodt products inappropriately?

Q. If you'd look at page 27 -- sorry, 25, "Exalgo brand strategy." Look at the left side of strategy, bottom bullet point: "Disrupt and gradient prescribing habits through the value proposition for Exalgo." Do you see that?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Okay. Let's go back one page to page 24, under Barriers. The last bullet said, "One of the barriers is engrained prescribing habits that reserve use." Do you see that?

Q. Bottom left under "Reposition Hydromorphone Barriers."

Q. "Engrained prescribing habits that reserve use." Do you see that?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Okay. Is one of the goals of Mallinckrodt's marketing of Exalgo to change the physician's prescribing habits to include Mallinckrodt's product?

Q. Was the hope of -- or I'm sorry. Was the goal of the marketing effort to have physicians prescribe competitors' products?

Q. So it didn't matter to Mallinckrodt whether physicians prescribed competitors' products or their own products?

Q. Right. At the end of the day, though, the bottom line was, your goal as a marketing man was to get physicians to prescribe Mallinckrodt products, right?

Q. Yes, for the appropriate patients?

Q. Okay. If you look at page 27 of Exhibit 14, "Exalgo positioning." Do you see that?

Q. It says, "For opioid-tolerant patients with moderate to severe chronic pain, Exalgo provides smooth, steady hydromorphone blood levels that eliminate the peaks and troughs resulting in 24-hour, continuous chronic pain relief." Do you see that?

Q. That is an accurate statement of the positioning of Exalgo in the market?

Q. Yeah. Okay. And the marketing messages that were associated with Exalgo were in support of this positioning?

Q. Okay. Do you recall any changes to the positioning of Exalgo?

Q. If you flip over to 28, Core Messaging, the first bullet point is, "New therapies are needed in the treatment of chronic pain." Do you see that?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Let's flip over to page 34 in Exhibit 14, "Exalgo Tactical Components." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. These -- it's got, let me see, five categories here: nonpersonal, medical education, personal, planning and market research. Do you see that?

Q. Are these all categories that ultimately Mallinckrodt undertook tactics in with respect to Exalgo?

Q. Okay. What about throughout the life of the Exalgo product's promotion?

Q. Yeah, these -- I'm saying, did Mallinckrodt use tactics from all five of these categories in connection with promoting Exalgo at any time?

Q. Okay. If you flip over to the next page, 35, "Critical success factors for Exalgo." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. The third one, "Pharmacy stocking to enable demand generation." Do you see that?

Q. There is that "demand generation" phrase again. Did that come out of your mouth; do you think?

Q. Okay. "Pharmacy stocking to enable demand generation," what does that mean?

Q. Okay. And who was going to generate the demand in this concept?

Q. Okay. With the goal of generating demand for prescriptions for appropriate patients?

Q. Okay. You can put that aside then.

Q. Okay. Let's mark as Exhibit 15 MNK-Tl 0000778285 through 8350. It's Exhibit 15.

Q. You can take as much time as you need to review that. My first question will be what role, if any, did you have in preparing this document?

Q. Okay. So what role, if any, did you have in preparing this document?

Q. Okay.

Q. Was this launch update presented at a meeting of some kind?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. The front page it says, "32-milligram launch update, June 25th of 2012." Do you recall a launch meeting for Exalgo at some point?

Q. Yeah. I mean, was there one big, like, kickoff launch event?

Q. Well, let's start with the sales force. Was there one with the sales force?

Q. Okay. Was there one with anybody other than the sales force?

Q. Okay.

Q. Let's look at the page -- let me see. It's 8288. It's like the fourth page of Exhibit 15. Market opportunity?

Q. It says, "High-strength prescriptions make up 66 percent of the market dollars." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. There's a source, IMS/NSP, written on the bottom left. Do you see that?

Q. Is this data that you think you pulled together for this presentation?

Q. The ops team?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. If you would turn, please, to 8293, Launch Objectives. Did you have any role in preparing this section, do you think, launch objectives?

Q. Okay. If you look at -- and let's back up here. The 32-milligram launch, this is a new dosage of an existing product on the market, Exalgo, right?

Q. So prior to this launch, the -- Exalgo was available in up to 16-milligram dosage?

Q. Okay. So what was being launched here in 2012 was same drug but at a higher dosage level; is that right?

Q. Okay. The -- under launch objectives, back to page 8923, the fifth row says, "Exalgo mean dose exit as a launch objective." Fiscal year '12 was 21 milligrams. Fiscal year '13 was 32 milligrams. Do you see that?

Q. Do you have any idea what all of that means?

Q. Was one of the launch objectives to increase the mean dose of Exalgo among patients?

Q. Okay. Were you involved in the pricing of Exalgo?

Q. Okay. Did you have input into the pricing strategy?

Q. Limited to what?

Q. Okay. If you look at page 8303, "Pricing sensitivity analysis, executive summary." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And you can look at all this, but the recommendation ultimately was that a 5 percent premium price on the 32-milligram dose at launch realizes about 8 million in net sales. Do you see that?

Q. Did you have any role in forming that recommendation?

Q. You can flip then to page 8305. It says, "Wholesaler off invoice-OI." Do you see that?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Did you have any role in establishing an off-invoice program for wholesalers?

Q. Okay. If you flip then to 8307, "Retail stocking incentive program." It's "pharmacy stock incentive program considerations for 32-milligram launch." Did you have any role in the retail stocking incentive program for pharmacies?

Q. Okay. Let's flip these to 8309, "Stocking Tools." "Physician stocking request pad." Do you see that pad?

Q. Is this -- in the bottom right there's a little picture of something called

Q. Is that something that was printed by Mallinckrodt and given to doctors?

Q. Okay. And they would present this to a doctor for the doctor's signature?

Q. Okay.

Q. That is how they were trained?

Q. Okay. Were they also trained to then carry the physician stocking request to the pharmacy themselves, meaning the sales reps do that?

Q. Is that how they were trained?

Q. Okay.

Q. All right. Let's go back to 8308, which is the preceding page. It's "Trade Communications." Do you see that?

Q. "e-Pharm alert to coincide with product availability, reaching 176,000 pharmacists." Do you see that?

Q. Was that actually done in connection with the Exalgo 32 milligrams?

Q. Was there a product announcement letter to retailers in connection with this launch?

Q. Okay. Do you know whether any of the bullet points on page 8308 of Exhibit 15 ever actually occurred with respect to Exalgo 32 milligrams?

Q. Okay. Let's please turn to 8312, "New Dose Conversion Tools." First bullet point is, "New dosing guide rolled out at April POA meeting." Do you see that?

Q. What's POA?

Q. Okay. Was there a new dosing guide produced in connection with Exalgo 32 milligrams?

Q. Okay. Was there a free trial program for patients to receive a free trial of Exalgo?

Q. Okay. Was there a new iPad app introduced at some point?

Q. And do you know, was there an Exalgo regional teleconference series?

Q. Okay. If you'd flip to the next page, 8313.

Q. Was there a three-star prescriber and 16-milligram pharmacy targeting program rolled out with respect to Exalgo 32 milligrams?

Q. Okay. Let's flip, please, to 82 -- sorry, 8323.

Q. 8323, yes, sir, "Concept rank."

Q. And there are one, two, three, four, five marketing concepts outlined here with little pictures on the right. Do you see that?

Q. Were all five of these concepts ultimately used with connection -- in connection with Exalgo 32 milligrams?

Q. Which ones were used, if you remember?

Q. "Change the face of pain"?

Q. Okay. With the woman peeling her face off?

Q. Okay. Did you design that concept?

Q. Do you know who did?

Q. Okay. If you can flip to 8337 of Exhibit 15, "Catalina marketing persistency." Do you see that?

Q. There's a program design with a set of bullet points about messaging Exalgo patients. Did that ever actually happen?

Q. Catalina marketing, is that an outside vendor?

Q. Okay. Was there ever any messaging to existing Exalgo patients directly?

Q. In other words, they're out running a program where -- messages going out to Exalgo patients when they're filling the prescription, between the fills and being late on fills. Is there any such program, whether it's Catalina or any other vendor?

Q. Right, did Exalgo use any such

Q. Okay. How about if you flip to the next page, "Adheris Marketing Persistency." Was this program ever implemented with respect to Exalgo?

Q. I'll mark as Exhibit 16 MNK-T1 0000942223, and it says "FY '15 Xartemis XR Brand Planning, Key Strategic Imperatives and Critical Success Factors, August 7, 2014, Michael Wessler, product director." First question will be, did you prepare this or was this prepared at your direction. Okay. You ready?

Q. So did you prepare this preparation or was it prepared at your direction?

Q. Do you recall giving this presentation somewhere?

Q. Xartemis was -- well, let's flip over to the second page. We'll just look at this.

Q. The brand vision for Xartemis was to establish Xartemis XR as the first-line opioid agent for acute pain in targeted accounts; is that right?

Q. What is a targeted account?

Q. Okay. If you flip, please, to -- well, no page numbers. Strategic imperative number 1, the second page of it, it says, "key insight" -- oh, wait. Whoa, wait a minute. What? There are -- So "Strategic imperative number 1, key insight, surgery center show" -- no, it's the next one, I think. Yeah, there it is. Okay. Well, it says, "Strategic imperative number 1, CSF 2, explore leveraging hospital sales force." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. I'm looking at the third major bullet on the right, "Although not a strong revenue driver, hospital channel provides access to discharge RX." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. What role did you have, if any, at Mallinckrodt in marketing to hospitals?

Q. Okay. OFIRMEV is O-F-I-R-M-E-V?

Q. I'm just reading it from that page.

Q. Okay. What was OFIRMEV?

Q. Okay. Nonopioid?

Q. Okay. So did you have any role in marketing OFIRMEV?

Q. And what was your role?

Q. Did you have any role in marketing to hospital formularies?

Q. Okay. If you flip to the next page, "Key insights, lack of consensus and no established guidelines for the treatment of acute pain." Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what that means?

Q. Were there ever any established guidelines developed for treatment of acute pain, to your knowledge?

Q. What was MNK 155?

Q. Did it ever make it to market?

Q. Let's flip to "Strategic imperative number 3, key insights, around 30 percent of commercial ads." Yeah, that's it. You got it. Strategic imperative number 3, I'm looking at the third bullet point, "Top limitations to use Xartemis XR prescribing are patient out-of-pocket costs and managed care coverage." Do you see that?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Did you play a role in marketing Xartemis to managed care plans?

Q. Okay. Next bullet is, "Coverage is consistent with other recently launched brands; however, market is ubiquitously generic." Do you see that?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. That was a challenge to marketing Xartemis?

Q. And Mallinckrodt put in place a co-pay discount program for Xartemis at some point?