Witness:  Ronald Wickline
Attorney: MR. Chalos
Source:   MNKOI0004123444
============================================================

Q. Thank you, for being here today, Mr. Wickline. What is your full name?

Q. So your full name, sir?

Q. Your middle name is Perry?

Q. What do you do for a living currently?

Q. Do you do any work in terms of consulting at this point?

Q. What type of consulting do you do?

Q. Okay. When was the last time you did any field training for a pharmaceutical company?

Q. Okay. What company was that?

Q. For what product?

Q. Since you left Mallinckrodt, and we'll go back and talk about your employment history in just

Q. And that includes opioid -- opiate reversal agents as well?

Q. Is that right?

Q. What was the nature of your work with Kale° relating to the Narcan injection product?

Q. Was this a salesperson?

Q. Have you done any work for Mallinckrodt since you left there in 2000 -- was it '13?

Q. Have you done any work for Mallinckrodt either as a consultant or on any other basis since then?

Q. How about Endo, have you done any work for them since you left Endo?

Q. Have you had any discussions with either Mallinckrodt or Endo about doing any work for them in the future either as a consultant or on some other basis?

Q. Are you being paid to be here today?

Q. Have you been paid any money from Mallinckrodt since January of 2014?

Q. Was that in connection with your employment with Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Was that part -- did you have a severance when you left the company?

Q. And these are -- the stock options you mentioned, those are stock options that were part of your compensation package when you worked for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And did they vest at some later time after you left the company?

Q. What, in ballpark terms, what is the value of the stock options that you vested from January 2014 through the present, Mallinckrodt stock options?

Q. Are you presently a stockholder in Mallinckrodt?

Q. When did you sell your stocks in Mallinckrodt last? In other words, when did you sell out your holdings in Mallinckrodt?

Q. What was the approximate value of those stocks?

Q. Have you ever given a deposition before?

Q. How many times?

Q. And that was in connection with the Molnar case?

Q. Let's talk about your job at Mallinckrodt. What was your title when you were there?

Q. Was that your title for the entire time you worked for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And during what period of time did you work for Mallinckrodt?

Q. What did you do before you worked for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Yes, sir.

Q. Jim, let me put up here, if you would, and mark as Exhibit Number 1 --

Q. So we're showing you a document that we've marked as Exhibit Number 1 and I will represent to you this a page printed from Linkedln that has got your name on it. Did you create that page?

Q. Okay. If you would, take a look through Exhibit Number 1 and tell us whether the information contained here is accurate.

Q. I see. So what did you do -- otherwise, is the information in Exhibit 1 accurate?

Q. Okay. What did you do between the time you worked for Targanta and the time you worked for Mallinckrodt?

Q. So it was about a year where you were unemployed?

Q. This has you working for Targanta for about six months. Does that sound right?

Q. I see so you only missed a paycheck for about six months?

Q. And going backward in time, before you worked for Targanta, you worked for Endo Pharmaceuticals?

Q. What did you do for Endo?

Q. And that was from January of 2002 to March of 2007?

Q. I think Ms. Scullion will ask you some more questions about Endo but, in general terms, what was your area of responsibility at Endo?

Q. Did you have a particular product or line of products that you were responsible for?

Q. Okay. And prior to working for Endo, you worked for Roche Laboratories?

Q. What did you do for Roche?

Q. Was that in the sales division?

Q. So you spent it seems most or all of your professional career in sales?

Q. Okay. Where did you teach biology?

Q. At what institution?

Q. This was before 1974?

Q. Was that --

Q. Okay. So leading up right to your time at Roche?

Q. So roughly 1971 through 1974?

Q. Was that a yes?

Q. No, that's okay. That's my fault. I should have mentioned this. We'll need today verbal responses.

Q. You can say uh-huh or shake your head but as long as you accompany it with a yes or no or some other explanation, that would be great. And if there is any question that I ask you that you don't understand, please let me know that and I will do my best to make it understandable. I sometimes ask terribly dopey questions. Feel free to tell me you don't understand it. If you don't, I'll just -- I'm going to assume you understood it. Is that fair?

Q. Okay. Let's go back to your college then. You went to Michigan State?

Q. What did you major in?

Q. Was that a bachelor of arts or bachelor of science?

Q. In biology?

Q. Did you have a plan for your career at that point?

Q. Which you did for three years at the junior high?

Q. How did you get into sales?

Q. Did you find that to be true once you got into sales?

Q. So let's talk about your time at Mallinckrodt. You said you were the vice president of sales there?

Q. Work forward in time. You were there a total of four years, right?

Q. Did your job change from the time you started through the time you left?

Q. Okay. Who was your replacement?

Q. Was it your decision to leave Mallinckrodt?

Q. Could you have stayed at Mallinckrodt if you wanted to?

Q. When you mentioned an expansion, was that in connection with the launch of Exalgo? You're talking about the expansion when you first came on board?

Q. And near the time you left, there was another reorganization going on within Mallinckrodt?

Q. And that was in connection with launching a new drug as well?

Q. And that was also a time where Mallinckrodt was spinning off from Covidien; is that right?

Q. Let me hand you what we'll mark as collective Exhibit Number 2, and it's a series of -- I think these are sequentially numbered organizational charts, and it's -- I'll read the Bates numbers. It's MNK-Tl 0000000264 through 287. Just give us a second while our document man pulls these up.

Q. While you're looking for that, if it's okay with you guys, I'll put it up here and maybe we can talk about it in the meantime. The exhibit copy will not have my highlighting on it, but I've highlighted two names here, but let's -- page 1 of Exhibit 2, it ends in Bates number 264, is an organizational chart. It has Jamie Harrell --

Q. Anyhow, the top name is Jamie Harrell and it says VP of Commercial Operations. Do you see that?

Q. Is that the person to whom you reported during the entire time you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And who took his job?

Q. So during the time after Mr. Harrell left -- is that a man?

Q. During the time after Mr. Harrell left, who did you report to?

Q. How do you spell that?

Q. Okay. So Mr. Carcheci was the guy you think you reported to for a short period of time?

Q. Okay. And where you are on this chart, Exhibit Number 2, on the first page, 264, is that the position that you stayed in during the entire time you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And the people who reported to you directly here, it's got -- I don't know why it's doing that, but, anyway, it's listed here as Gavin McGowan, Jay Meyer, and William Nichols.

Q. Did those three people report to you during the entire time you were there?

Q. Right.

Q. What was the difference in terms of responsibilities at Mallinckrodt between the marketing department and the sales department during the time you were there?

Q. They being the sale --

Q. As the vice president of sales at Mallinckrodt, did you make any efforts to determine whether the messaging that the salespeople were giving to physicians in the field was truthful?

Q. That was the responsibility of marketing or other people in the company?

Q. So whatever messaging came to you in the sales department from marketing or other parts of the company, you trained and -- your salespeople to deliver; is that right?

Q. In other words, sales did not develop any of the messaging; is that right?

Q. Was there ever a time while you worked at Mallinckrodt that you had a concern that the messaging that the salespeople were delivering to physicians was not truthful?

Q. Did you undertake to even ask that question of yourself, whether the messaging was truthful that was being conveyed to the medical community?

Q. Who determined what salespeople should say to physicians about the risks of Mallinckrodt products?

Q. So as the vice president of sales, did you undertake to ensure that the risks of Mallinckrodt products were adequately conveyed to the medical community?

Q. What is fair balance?

Q. Is it important that pharmaceutical salespeople convey the risks of the products to the medical community?

Q. Why is that?

Q. It's important that the salespeople describe the risks of the products accurately to the medical community?

Q. And it's important that sales representatives tell the truth to the medical community about -- to the medical community about the products that they are selling, right?

Q. Why is that?

Q. No, sir, I'm not asking that at all. I'm just asking why is it important that sales representatives tell the truth to the medical community?

Q. Okay. So we were talking before we took the break, Mr. Wickline, about the role of the sales representative as an educator, and you were saying that sales -- I'm -- tell me again, if you would, what is -- what did you mean when you said that the sales representative is an educator?

Q. Right. And oftentimes the interactions between a sales representative and a physician may be, you know, measured in terms of minutes, one, two, three, four minutes, something like that, right?

Q. Did -- did -- while you were at Mallinckrodt, did you -- did Mallinckrodt undertake to figure out what the average time of interaction between a sales representative and a physician would be?

Q. Do you know what the average time of interaction between a sales rep -- representative and a physician was in general terms during the time you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And in the communications between sales representatives and physicians or other prescribers, you mentioned this term "fair balance," right? Does that -- what does that mean in terms of the interactions between the sales representatives and physicians and other prescribers?

Q. Who determined what risks the sales representatives should discuss with physicians?

Q. Meaning it wasn't the responsibility of the sales division to --

Q. And it wasn't the responsibility of the sales division -- I'm sorry. Was it a division? How did you think of your sales group?

Q. Yeah. And unless I specify otherwise -- let me just say this real quick. Unless I specify otherwise, I'm talking about your time at Mallinckrodt.

Q. Ms. Scullion will ask about your time at Endo.

Q. So if I'm not careful in delineating that for each question, that's what I'm intending.

Q. Thank you.

Q. Sure. It wasn't the responsibility of the sales division at Mallinckrodt to determine which risks the sales representatives would discuss with the physicians; is that right?

Q. Did the sales division have any role in determining which risks the sales representatives would discuss with physicians?

Q. The customer being the physician?

Q. Risks specific to Exalgo?

Q. You as the vice president of sales knew -- at Mallinckrodt knew that physicians would rely on the information that the sales representatives gave them, at least in part, when deciding whether to prescribe a drug for a patient; is that right?

Q. Sure. But you knew that, at least in part, physicians were relying on sales representatives to give them truthful and accurate information about the risks and benefits of the product when deciding whether to prescribe the product for the physicians' patients, right?

Q. The goal of the sales department -- is it a department or division? How did you think of it at Mallinckrodt?

Q. What do you mean by that?

Q. Exhibit 2 we're talking about?

Q. The goal of the sales department was to increase the number of prescriptions written for Mallinckrodt products, right?

Q. Uh-huh. Okay. How were sales representatives evaluated while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you --

Q. Was that "payor environment"?

Q. Okay. Like the person who pays for their prescription?

Q. Sales representatives were given bonuses based on how many prescriptions for Mallinckrodt products were written within their territory, right?

Q. The amount of the bonuses for sales representatives at Mallinckrodt was based on how many prescriptions for Mallinckrodt products were written within the sales representative's territory, right?

Q. I was just talking about bonuses.

Q. So in general terms at Mallinckrodt, the more prescriptions for Mallinckrodt products that were written in a territory, the more money the sales representative would earn?

Q. Okay. What was the biggest factor in determining sales representatives' compensation while you were at Mallinckrodt? Was it number of prescriptions written in the territory?

Q. Was it ever in your memory that total prescriptions written for a Mallinckrodt product was not the majority component in assessing compensation for a sales representative?

Q. Okay. I may have missed your answer in there. Let me ask it a different way. When you were at Mallinckrodt, was the number of prescriptions written in a territory the primary component in determining the compensation for the sales representatives?

Q. Okay. What was the primary component, in your memory?

Q. Was the number of prescriptions for Mallinckrodt products a substantial factor in determining sales representatives' compensation while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. I'm talking about sales representatives' compensation.

Q. Okay. Let's talk about, then, bonuses. Was the number of prescriptions for Mallinckrodt products written in a sales representative's territory a substantial factor in determining the sales representative's bonus when you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. So market share -- when you say "market share," you mean converting physicians who are writing prescriptions for competitors' products to physicians who were writing prescriptions for Mallinckrodt products?

Q. So with respect to Exalgo, the goal -- or one goal of the sales department was to persuade doctors to prescribe Exalgo for patients for who they were already prescribing a competitor's opioid?

Q. Yeah. With respect to Exalgo, one of the goals of the sales department was to persuade doctors who were already prescribing a competitor's opioid product to prescribe exSal go?

Q. Okay. What word would you use?

Q. The sales team, the sales representatives at Mallinckrodt were instructed that they should ask -- at the end of the interaction with the physician, they should ask the physician to prescribe Exalgo, right?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. You said, "Do you possibly see a place for this product in" what?

Q. "Armamentarium"? Was that word used?

Q. Yeah, I know. I'm just asking. I've never heard that word before.

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Well, I'm trying to keep my armamentarium of documents straight over here.

Q. I might need that. The -- at Mallinckrodt, sales representatives were given other things for meeting certain goals; is that right? For example, there is something called the "president's club."

Q. Do you remember that?

Q. What was the president's club?

Q. What do mean "ranked in the top 5 percent"?

Q. Each sales representative was given a goal in terms of number of prescriptions that are written in their territory, right?

Q. Okay. Were -- do you recall there being quarterly sales goals set at Mallinckrodt while you were there?

Q. Those were sales goals in terms of the number of prescriptions written, right?

Q. Okay. Was there -- were there other components to the sales goal?

Q. And market share just means the number of prescriptions that are written for Mallinckrodt products by physicians who were previously writing prescriptions for competitor products?

Q. Mallinckrodt, like other pharmaceutical companies, had data on every prescription written in the country, right?

Q. But this was the data that Mallinckrodt used, at least in part, to, among other things, determine the amount of bonus that was given to sales representatives, right?

Q. So Mallinckrodt relied on the data?

Q. There are commercial companies that aggregate this data and then sell it to pharmaceutical companies?

Q. Part of that data is information about how the particular prescription was paid for; is that right? In other words, insurance versus government program versus cash?

Q. So Mallinckrodt, during the time you were there, knew what -- in general terms, what percentage of their prescriptions were being paid for in cash?

Q. In cash, yes, sir.

Q. Why was that information important to Mallinckrodt?

Q. Let's go back and talk for a minute about sales goals during the time you were at Mallinckrodt. Sales goals were set for a particular geographic area based on three factors; is that right?

Q. You don't? Okay. Well, let me -- let me tell you three factors and tell me if this is consistent with your memory. Okay? Sales goals at Mallinckrodt were set based on three factors: One, the number of physicians who could potentially write prescriptions for the particular pharmaceutical in the market; number two, how many of these physicians were viable targets; and three, historical performance or the volume of the pharmaceutical the district had historically brought in. Is that consistent with your memory of your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. No. I'm reading from a legal brief filed in

Q. Right. Are you familiar with those concepts I just read to you?

Q. Sure. Do you -- let me ask it a different way before I do that. Do you recall how sale -- quarterly sales goals for a district were set during the time you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Who set the plans for quarterly sales goals?

Q. Okay. Were you involved in setting quarterly sales goals while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So those just came to you and you helped your people meet them?

Q. While you were at Mallinckrodt, do you recall that the sales performance was also measured by ranking the volume or the actual number of prescriptions coming out of each district?

Q. And was sales performance measured, at least in part, by ranking the actual number of prescriptions coming out of each district while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Uh-huh. Was -- do you recall at any time when you were at Mallinckrodt the actual number of prescriptions being a measurement of performance of

Q. Going back to Exhibit Number 2, which is still up here, I think we've now handed out copies of, the first page, which is -- ends in the Bates Number 264, there are three people listed underneath you: Gavin McGowan, Jay Meyer, and William Nichols.

Q. Do you see that? And you've mentioned at one point that Connie Kisinger was in that --

Q. -- chain of reporting?

Q. Was there -- let's talk about when you first started at Mallinckrodt. Was there a geographical division of the country in terms of regions?

Q. So you were responsible for the entire country?

Q. Okay. And then there were people who were responsible for different geographic regions?

Q. Okay. You were hesitating. Is there something not right about that?

Q. Okay. Was the country divided into regions by geography?

Q. And there was a regional sales director for each of those regions?

Q. Did that change over time in terms of how the country was set up geographically during your time?

Q. And --

Q. When was the regional division -- when were the regions changed from three to four?

Q. Do you recall who during your time was the regional sales director for the Ohio area? Was it Mr. Meyer?

Q. Okay. Who -- who had it first?

Q. And then it fell under -- at some point, began to fall under Mr. Meyer?

Q. Was that area always -- was Ohio always part of the central division, or was there some other name for it?

Q. Was -- I'm sorry. Was it the central region? Did I say "district"? I'm sorry. Central region?

Q. Okay. So the country, during your time at Mallinckrodt, there was you as the vice president of sales over the entire country, right?

Q. And then the country was then divided up into regions at some point, three and then four; is that right?

Q. Sorry. Two then the three?

Q. At some point, did it become divided into four towards the end of your tenure?

Q. And then each region is -- was subdivided into districts?

Q. And there was a district manager for each district?

Q. Did some district managers, were they district managers for more than one district, or was it one district manager per district?

Q. And then within the district, there were sales territories as well, right?

Q. So 10 territories per district?

Q. Okay. Was there one sales representative per territory?

Q. Were there -- were the sales reps told what products they should be emphasizing during their interactions with prescribers?

Q. Do you ever recall, while you were at Mallinckrodt, a situation where the number of prescriptions in a sales territory went up, whether they were new prescriptions or conversion from a competitor's product to Mallinckrodt product, and the sales representatives' bonuses went down because of the increase in the number of prescriptions?

Q. Yeah. I said their bonuses. Well, let me -- that was --

Q. -- that was sort of a convoluted question. Let me try it again. In general terms, when sales -- when the number of prescriptions, whether they were brand-new prescriptions for new patients or prescriptions where a prescriber previously was writing for a competitor product and now is writing for a Mallinckrodt product --

Q. -- in general terms, when those numbers went up, the sales representatives' bonuses went up, right?

Q. And goal achievement was something objectively measurable?

Q. Yes, sir. Yes.

Q. What does that mean, "TRx"?

Q. And I've seen the designation "NRx." What does that mean?

Q. Okay. So total prescriptions, TRx, minus NRx would yield the number of prescriptions that were for a competitor's product that were now for a Mallinckrodt product? Am I understanding that right?

Q. Oh, I see. So new prescription doesn't mean

Q. In the instance of Exalgo, you mean?

Q. So with respect to Exalgo, "NRx" means prescriptions that were previously being written for

Q. Did you, at Mallinckrodt, have any responsibility related to generic drugs?

Q. So the sales department in -- let me rephrase that. Did the sales department at Mallinckrodt, when you were there, have any responsibility for promoting generic drugs?

Q. Who did that within the company?

Q. Who, if you know, ran the generic division of the company while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you ever have any interaction with that department?

Q. When you left Mallinckrodt, did you take any documents with you?

Q. Do you currently have any Mallinckrodt documents in your possession?

Q. Okay. Do you currently have --

Q. Do you currently have any Covidien documents in your possession?

Q. Do you currently have any Endo documents in your possession?

Q. Yeah, I should. I should get a coffee or something out of it. Do you still have your separation agreement with Mallinckrodt?

Q. Was there any provision in your separation agreement that says you're not allowed to say bad things about Mallinckrodt?

Q. Yeah. The lawyers will get ahold of it and make it much more complicated than that, I'm sure.

Q. I'm going to ask, if you would, to produce your separation agreement to us, and Rocky and I will talk about how to do that. But if you've still got it in your possession, which it sounds like you do, I'm going to ask you to send it to, I guess, your Mallinckrodt lawyers and they can send it to us.

Q. Were you paid -- I think I asked you this earlier, but were you paid a severance payment when you left Mallinckrodt?

Q. Were you prohibited as part of that agreement from going to work for a competitor for some period of time, sometimes called a noncompete agreement?

Q. And you think the separation agreement may have had a nondisparagement clause or something like that?

Q. Did you -- were you contemplating legal action against the company?

Q. Had you discussed with the company that you might take legal action against them at that point?

Q. Do you know why you signed a separation agreement if you were retiring?

Q. Did you have a lawyer representing you in that discussion?

Q. Do you have a lawyer here today representing you?

Q. Who is that?

Q. Do you have a written agreement with either of those law firms?

Q. With which one?

Q. Are you paying those lawyers?

Q. When did you sign the agreement with -- let's talk about with Ropes & Gray first?

Q. Okay. And how about with Arnold & Porter?

Q. What did you do to prepare for your deposition here today?

Q. Okay. Which ones?

Q. When did you first start that preparation with regards to meeting lawyers?

Q. Okay. Did you meet in person?

Q. Initially you had a phone call?

Q. Okay. And then did you meet in person in the Fort Myers area?

Q. For how long?

Q. And who did you meet with? Do you remember the names?

Q. Okay. And then did you have other meetings since then with lawyers?

Q. So the Mallinckrodt lawyers introduced you to the Endo lawyers?

Q. When was that?

Q. Was that in person?

Q. In the Fort Myers area?

Q. Do you live in Fort Myers?

Q. On the next break, I'm going to ask you to write down your address. I'm not going to ask you to say it out loud and we'll agree to keep it confidential.

Q. Okay. So a week ago, you met with the lawyers for Endo and for Mallinckrodt?

Q. For how long did you meet?

Q. I know the feeling. When -- and have you met since then with any lawyers?

Q. Did you talk on the phone with any lawyers to prepare for today, other than these meetings and the introductory phone call?

Q. Did you look at any documents?

Q. How many documents did you look at, would you say?

Q. Were these documents that you had in your possession, or were these documents the lawyers showed you?

Q. I hope so. When you were at Mallinckrodt, did you go on any sales calls?

Q. You did? Okay. On how many occasions, would you guess? Was it a regular occurrence or --

Q. Where did you do those, geographically speaking?

Q. What was the purpose of going on the sales calls?

Q. Was one of the purposes of doing that, going on the sales calls, for you to evaluate the sales representative?

Q. Were there others who rode along with sales representatives for the purpose of evaluating the sales representative?

Q. But your -- did they call them ride-alongs when you did it?

Q. Okay. Where were you based when you were with Mallinckrodt?

Q. So you would travel to other territories around the country to do these ride-alongs or field trips?

Q. Did you ever do a ride-along in Ohio?

Q. Any in northern Ohio?

Q. How did you determine where you did the ride-alongs?

Q. In the winter?

Q. Did you ever do a ride-along in Tennessee?

Q. Do you remember which part of the state?

Q. Was it just once or was it --

Q. Was the sales messaging the same for the entire country?

Q. So the messaging that a sales representative in Ohio would be given is the same as the sales representative in Alaska?

Q. Yes, sir.

Q. In terms of the risks and benefits of a particular product, the sales messaging is the same regardless of the physical location?

Q. Okay. So the sales messaging for a product in Tennessee or Ohio or California or Alaska, they were all the same?

Q. What do you mean by that?

Q. That was in the discretion of the salesperson?

Q. And the approved promotional materials were the same throughout the country?

Q. Were sales representatives given, while you were at Mallinckrodt, any training for identifying prescribers who may have been overprescribing opioids?

Q. Okay. When was that training done?

Q. Who was the person from scientific affairs who did that training?

Q. It was a woman?

Q. Was it the same person during the four years you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Part of that training was helping sales representatives identify prescribers who may have been overprescribing opioids?

Q. Okay. And what was the process for a sales representative to report a suspicious prescriber?

Q. Okay. Do you recall that happening while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. I mean, in other words, do you recall any sales representatives reporting a suspicious prescriber up through this chain while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. What was the form called?

Q. Was the form a form that could be used for removing a prescriber for any of those reasons? In other words, was there --

Q. Okay. So there wasn't a separate form created for removing a prescriber who was --

Q. -- for suspicious reasons?

Q. Who is Terry Terifay?

Q. Was he vice president of marketing?

Q. That was your peer in terms of the organizational chart?

Q. I'm going to put up Exhibit Number 2 again and if you look right here, I'll just highlight it, Terry Terifay, vice president of marketing; is that -- would that --

Q. Is that a man or a woman?

Q. Let me show you a document. It's a two-page document. The Bates number is MNK-T1 0000746659 and 660, and we'll mark this as Exhibit Number 4.

Q. So let's start on the back here. This is an e-mail -- so this is the, I guess, first e-mail in time. It's from somebody named Neal McDaniel. Do you see that? I'm talking about the August 21st, 2012, e-mail at 5:12 p.m. Do you see that? It's the e-mail that starts with "team"?

Q. And if you go up there, it's sort of all smashed together --

Q. -- but it says: "From: Neal O. McDaniel." Do you see that? It's the bottom six lines.

Q. And who is Neal McDaniel?

Q. And he sent this e-mail to a list of people. Are those also district managers?

Q. And --

Q. Okay. And he is copying Jay Meyer, who looks like was the regional sales director for the central region?

Q. Is that consistent with your memory?

Q. Okay. So he says -- Mr. McDaniel says national -- subject line is "National Sales Meeting Follow-Up." Do you see that?

Q. And he -- if we could look at the first paragraph there, he says as -- four sentences in: "As we start the last six weeks of our fiscal year, let's sprint to the finish. This is especially important as we look at finishing the year strong with Exalgo." Do you see that?

Q. Do you -- do you remember this national sales meeting? This was in 2012?

Q. Were there yearly national sales meetings while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And so he goes on to say: "As we hit the field this week, I'd like to emphasize some key points from the meeting." Under that, he says: "Mallinckrodt, our future." Do you see that?

Q. He mentions Mark Trudeau. Mark Trudeau was the CEO of the company at the time?

Q. And second bullet point says: "We are the growth engine for the organization and we need to deliver results." Do you see that?

Q. Do you have any idea what that means?

Q. Okay. And if you flip the page over to the back side here, there is a section that says "Exalgo." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And this is Mr. McDaniel typing. He says: "Exalgo, the number one priority"?

Q. Do you see that? Was Exalgo, to your memory, that was the number one priority of the sales division in 2012?

Q. And this next bullet point, he says: "Implement the who, why, how messaging." Do you see that?

Q. Do you remember what that was?

Q. Two sentences down, he says: "Physicians are still underdosing Exalgo compared to other long-acting opioids, so continue to focus on proper conversion and titration." Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what that means?

Q. What do you mean by that, that it was a difficult product to titrate?

Q. Was there a maximum dose that the sales representatives were trained to talk about --

Q. -- with respect to Exalgo?

Q. What was that?

Q. Okay. The next bullet point here in Mr. McDaniel's e-mail, he says: "The value of the 32 milligram," and he says: "53 percent of Exalgo patients are on multiple 16s."

Q. Do you have any idea what that means?

Q. Was there a 32-milligram pill at that time?

Q. And when you're talking about these dosages, like 64 milligrams, 32, are you talking about is that once per day?

Q. For a 24-hour period?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Okay. And if you flip back over here and let's go to the next e-mail up. This is the e-mail from Jay Meyer --

Q. -- Wednesday, August 22nd, 2012, at 7:19 a.m. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And he is sending this to Kevin Becker; Dennis Gooch; William Kellens; Alice Lum, L-u-m; Larry McClure; and Neal McDaniel.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know who those people are?

Q. And at this time he was the regional sales director for the central region?

Q. Okay. Did the central region at that time include Ohio?

Q. Did it include Tennessee as well?

Q. And he copied you on this e-mail, right?

Q. He flagged this with high importance, it looks like. Do you see that?

Q. He says: "Nice message" -- "nice follow-up message from Neal. Please note what he says is our number one priority for the rest of the year. When it comes to the year-end evals, I will be looking almost exclusively at Exalgo performance." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Do you recall in 2012, end of the year, Mr. Meyer looking exclusively at Exalgo performance when it comes to the year-end evaluations?

Q. Right. Well, what is your recollection? In the year-end of 2012, was the central region sales director looking exclusively at Exalgo performance when it came to the year-end evaluations of his district managers?

Q. Okay. Mr. Meyer goes on to say: "Make sure you are driving Exalgo every day and every single sales call that you are on with your representatives." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall in 2012, that the central region district managers were instructed that they should be driving Exalgo every day and every single sales call they are on with their representatives?

Q. And what do you mean when you say it's the "number one weighted product"?

Q. Those are the bonuses?

Q. Okay. So the -- if it's the number one weighted, it means that if there is an increase in market share caused by an increase in prescriptions for Exalgo, that would mean more money and bonuses to the sales representative and the district managers?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. So it was always about market share for Exalgo?

Q. So when you say something is the "number one weighted product," it means that when calculating the bonuses for the sales representatives, the number of prescriptions for that product weighed more heavily in assessing the number -- the amount of the bonus?

Q. Okay. You, if you scroll up here, there is another e-mail. This is from you to Mr. Terifay on August 22nd of 2012, at 2:01:59 p.m., and you say there: "Good opportunity to see the trickle-down communications, or in this case trickle-up, in follow-up to our NLM." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. What is "NLM"?

Q. Could that mean -- could that be "NSM," like national sales meeting?

Q. You think it's something else?

Q. And what do you mean by "trickle-up communications"?

Q. I see. Okay. You didn't express any disagreement with the message conveyed by either Mr. McDaniel or Mr. Meyer in this e-mail, did you?

Q. Did you have a disagreement with the messages from either Mr. Meyer or Mr. McDaniel?

Q. And as you sit here today, looking at these messages from Mr. McDaniel or Mr. Meyer, is there anything in there that stands out to you as being something you disagree with?

Q. Okay. Do you have any beef with it --

Q. -- sitting here today?

Q. "Beef."

Q. Maybe I'm thinking about lunch. Do you have any disagreement with anything that was said in Exhibit Number 4 by either Mr. McDaniel or Mr. Meyer as you sit here today? I understand it's a typical sales communication, but do you have any disagreement with --

Q. How about with the notion of the messages?

Q. Okay. Well, you're saying you may not have used -- my question was: Do you have any disagreement about anything set forth here by Mr. McDaniel or Mr. Meyer? You said you may not have used the words. "These are somebody else's words. I would have phrased it a little differently." What do you mean by that?

Q. Okay. Would you -- do you have a disagreement with any of the messages that they conveyed, irrespective of the words they used to convey those messages?

Q. What about today?

Q. What about today in this room?

Q. Okay. So we are marking as Exhibit Number 5 an e-mail chain that starts with the Bates Number MNK-T1 0001553091 through 3094. I am told that there are spreadsheets and some other documents attached to these e-mails, but I'm not marking those as an exhibit here today. And if you can take a moment to look at that, if you would, sir, and I'm going to ask you about some of the statements in here.

Q. Okay. So let's start with the first e-mail in time, which is an e-mail from Melissa Falcone dated June 5th, 2013 at 6:46 a.m. Do you see that? It's the e-mail in the back of the document.

Q. Okay. Who is Melissa Falcone?

Q. So she wasn't in your chain of report?

Q. She says: "Hi, DM team." Is that the district management team?

Q. Was Terry Terifay her boss?

Q. And you're also copied on this e-mail, looks like?

Q. Who's Michael Wessler?

Q. How about Rod Novak?

Q. Okay. How about Joe Duarte?

Q. She says: "Attached is the updated free trial offer report." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. What -- do you recall there being a free trial offer for Exalgo in 2013?

Q. Okay. What was that all about?

Q. What was the purpose of that?

Q. Her -- the third paragraph she says: "To help HCPs identify patients ready for a switch." "HCP," what does that mean?

Q. She goes on to say: "Have your teams used the patient screening tool?" Do you see that? Is that same sentence, "to help HCPs identify patients."

Q. Okay. That was my next question.

Q. Okay. And then she goes on to say: "Consider targeting a few offices who typically say, quote, 'I really like Exalgo but can't seem to find any patients who need to switch therapies.'" Do you see that?

Q. When you did your ride-alongs when you were at Mallinckrodt, did you ever hear any healthcare practitioners say something like that?

Q. Okay. And she goes on to say and underlined this: "Ask the staff to conduct a patient screening day." Do you see that?

Q. Do you have any idea what a "patient screening day" is?

Q. If you flip over to the back side of this document, there is a photograph or something, where it says: "When treating your chronic pain is okay as good as it gets." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall, you know, a handout piece that had this information on it?

Q. Is this something that the marketing department would have created versus sales department?

Q. Okay. Meaning the free trial offer program?

Q. Okay. So let's go to the next e-mail in time. This is from Sean Wilhurt -- I'm sorry, Wilmert.

Q. Okay. And this is dated June 6th of 2013 at 11:02 p.m., and he has a distribution list. Do you -- do you recognize this distribution list? Does -- can you --

Q. Are they sales reps in his district?

Q. And he copied Jay Meyer on that; is that right?

Q. And was Jay Meyer the regional -- was --

Q. Yeah, there you go. That's what I was going for. Thank you. Okay. So he -- and then eventually this got forwarded to you from Mr. Meyer looks like the next day at 11 -- June 7th, 2013, at 11:16 a.m. Do you see that?

Q. All right. Let -- so let's go back to Mr. Wilmert's e-mail. He says: "Team, we are exceeding Exalgo quota as a district, and resource utilization is proving to be an important factor." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. What -- what is the -- were there quotas for -- set for Exalgo?

Q. Was it goal in terms of number of prescriptions written?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Okay. So the components of the sales goal would be -- you're saying market share, meaning how many of the prescriptions for that total market were written for a Mallinckrodt product versus competitors?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. So all of the components of the sales quota were tied to the prescriptions written for Exalgo, right?

Q. Right. Is -- you're saying "incentive compensation." Is that the same thing as the Exalgo quota?

Q. So what goes into the quota? That's what I'm trying to figure out. What goes into the quota? Is that --

Q. Okay. But the quota itself was based on the number of prescriptions written, right?

Q. Right. But -- I understand that. What I'm trying to figure out is: So, they would say -- the quota was expressed as a number of prescriptions that would be written in that territory or that district, right?

Q. Okay. He -- Mr. Wilmert goes on to say: "Way to go. These are your numbers and you have earned every patient that has been started on Exalgo." Do you see that?

Q. He says: "There are no excuses if you do not have the numbers you want. It is time for us to look in a mirror." Do you see that?

Q. This is him talking to the people who report to him?

Q. Let me see. So he goes on to say -- let me see. He's talking now about programs. He says: "There are territories that have completed 11 programs and have hit all-time highs within one to two weeks after a program." It appears that he's talking about speaker programs. Do you agree with that?

Q. Okay. And what -- what are speaker programs?

Q. I hope it's better than that.

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. And those were arranged by Mallinckrodt?

Q. "Made available to us," meaning the sales department?

Q. Okay. And then it was up to the sales reps to tell their customers or their doctors that there is going to be a speaker program?

Q. He, Mr. Wilmert, says: "There are territories that have completed 11 programs and have hit all-time highs within one to two weeks after a program. Steve Gantz completed two programs with three customers. For the six weeks prior to the program, they averaged 4.4 Rx's per week." That's prescriptions per week, right?

Q. "After the program, they averaged 15," all caps. Do you see that?

Q. Was it your experience that attending programs with speakers typically led to an increase in the number of prescriptions written?

Q. Who selected the doctors who would present at the speaker programs?

Q. If a doctor wanted to be on the speaker list for programs --

Q. -- was there a way for the sales representatives to present that to the scientific affairs department? In other words, if they were on

Q. -- was there a way for the sales representatives to present that to scientific affairs?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt pay the speakers for these programs?

Q. Do you know how much they paid?

Q. And the thought behind the speaker programs was that the more potential prescribers heard about the product from a peer, the more likely they would be to prescribe it in the appropriate circumstance?

Q. And the dinner programs followed the same format, would you have a speaker paid by Mallinckrodt who would present to his or her peers about Mallinckrodt products?

Q. With the hope that education would lead to more prescriptions of Mallinckrodt products?

Q. And then prescribe it for those patients?

Q. When -- were the speakers instructed -- if you know, I know we're getting a little outside of your area and I just have another question or two on this. But were the speakers, as part of the speaker programs, instructed to stick only to the messaging that was approved by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Going back to Exhibit Number 5, he -- Mr. Wilmert, goes on to say -- let me see. This is the fourth line up in his big paragraph, he says: "Programs" -- or the fifth line up: "Programs add credibility to you and your message in the field." Do you see that? "Program" starts on the fifth line up on the far right.

Q. It says: "Programs add credibility to you and your message in the field"?

Q. Do you have any idea what that means?

Q. Uh-huh. It's another opportunity for Mallinckrodt to get their message to physicians through peer physicians?

Q. Okay. If you go down on Exhibit 5, Mr. Wilmert asks some questions. He says: "How many speaker programs have you completed? Where are you going to finish the year ranked?" Do you see that?

Q. Yeah. Do you see where he said that?

Q. Okay. It's in -- it's in the --

Q. "Where are you going to finish the year ranked?"

Q. Was -- was there some sort of ranking system for sales representatives?

Q. And what was the metric that they were used to be ranked?

Q. In terms of how they were --

Q. Was there ongoing monitoring by Mallinckrodt of how many prescriptions for Mallinckrodt products were being written in a given sales territory?

Q. Sure. Was there ongoing monitoring by Mallinckrodt of how many prescriptions for Mallinckrodt products were being written in a given sales territory?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Did you get reports periodically about how many prescriptions were being written for Mallinckrodt products?

Q. Did the district sales managers get more frequent reports than you did?

Q. Do you remember --

Q. Was it part of your job as vice president of sales to monitor periodically the number of prescriptions for Mallinckrodt products that were being written across the country?

Q. I mean was there some expectation that as part of your job, you would look weekly, monthly, quarterly, to see how many prescriptions for Mallinckrodt products were being written?

Q. How did you get that information, the information about --

Q. Did you affirmatively have to request it, or did you get, like, an automatic report every month or something?

Q. And you, in your job as vice president of sales, would be -- your performance was measured, at least in part, by how many prescriptions for Mallinckrodt products were being written?

Q. And why was that?

Q. Okay. Going back to Exhibit Number 5, Mr. Wilmert has here in large bold letters: "Are you putting yourself in a position to go to Maui?" Do you see that?

Q. Do you have any idea what that means?

Q. The president's club trip was for high performing sales representatives?

Q. Do you know how that was measured?

Q. And do you recall what the metrics were?

Q. "Multiple products" meaning the sales of multiple products?

Q. If you flip over to the back of this, there are two charts here. This is on Page 092 of Exhibit 5.

Q. It says: "Speaker programs completed, and free trial" -- I assume that means "redemptions." It looks like a typo perhaps. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So let's look at "speaker programs completed." It looks like Trisha and Steve have completed 11 speaker programs. Does that look right to you?

Q. Do you have any recollection of the numbers or at least in general terms the numbers of speaker programs that were being conducted in this time period?

Q. Okay. And then in terms of "free trial redemptions," this is that program we talked about earlier where physicians were given the opportunity to give a free trial offer to certain patients; is that right?

Q. Where the patient would get some Exalgo pills for free; is that right?

Q. Okay. It looks like from this chart, that Franco is in the lead with it looks like about 45 free trial redemptions. Does that look right?

Q. And he -- the bottom here of this e-mail, Mr. Wilmert says: "We are having an incredible quarter for Exalgo. Let's not slow down. 10 minutes left and we are up by a goal. Let's bury everyone and blow this thing wide open to finish the year." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall there was an incredible quarter, third quarter of 2013?

Q. Do you know Sean Wilmert?

Q. Do you keep up with anyone who you worked with at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Is he --

Q. Is he in this area?

Q. Okay. Have you talked with Mr. Terifay about your deposition today?

Q. Have you talked with him about your involvement with Mallinckrodt or Endo with respect to this litigation?

Q. Did you talk to him -- did you say anything else to him about it?

Q. Did he say anything to you about it?

Q. Okay. When was the last time you spoke with Mr. Terifay?

Q. How often do you see him, would you say?

Q. Do you communicate some other way with him?

Q. Do you keep up with anyone else who you worked with?

Q. Have you talked with Mr. Duarte about your involvement in this litigation?

Q. Have you talked with anyone else other than the lawyers for Mallinckrodt and the lawyers for Endo about your involvement in this litigation in any way?

Q. Did you have a game scheduled for today?

Q. Sorry. Anyone else?

Q. Let's look at one more document and then we'll take a break for lunch here. We'll mark as Exhibit Number 6, it's MNK-Tl 0000747114 and 115.

Q. Let's start with --

Q. I'm sorry. Let's start with this page right here. This is the first page of Exhibit Number 6, and this is a document that was -- that you sent to Terry Terifay, May 21st, 2012, at 8:52 p.m.; is that right?

Q. Okay. And you say: "RTTW follow-up." Do you see that?

Q. Any idea what that means?

Q. "Run through the warehouse"?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. And that was for the president's club members?

Q. This was in -- for the year 2012?

Q. There was a -- okay. Scratch that. What is the Maritz organization?

Q. That was the name of it, Maritz organization?

Q. Was it a Mallinckrodt company or --

Q. -- independent company? Just a sales --

Q. Okay. Did you create this document that's attached to your e-mail Exhibit Number 6?

Q. Who do you think created this document?

Q. Do you think you're the Ron of "Ron and Terry"?

Q. And Terry would be Terry Terifay?

Q. Right. Who do you think actually typed this document?

Q. So let's look at this. It says: "Exalgo Fast Start Challenge Reward Trip follow-up." Do you see that?

Q. Is that the "run through the warehouse" that you're talking about?

Q. The "Fast Start Challenge Reward Trip" was the "run through the warehouse"?

Q. You -- and the document starts: "Thanks everyone for a great weekend in Las Vegas." Do you see that?

Q. What was in Las Vegas, do you recall?

Q. Oh, okay. So this is -- that actually happened, where people went -- ran through the warehouse and picked stuff off the shelves?

Q. What kinds of stuff was on the warehouse shelves?

Q. You say: "We also appreciate" -- this is in the first paragraph: "We also appreciate your help in meeting our business objectives while at the warehouse on Saturday."

Q. What does that mean?

Q. So it was like an interviewing process?

Q. Who actually conducted that?

Q. This document goes on to say: "Among the best practices that were shared throughout the day, here are some that will be shared with the Exalgo team." Do you see that?

Q. But it -- so this was, you know, kind of the highlights of the information that the management team got from the sales representatives while other people were running through the warehouse?

Q. Okay. Did you help select the best practices that would be included in this document?

Q. Okay. The first one here is: "Find a person in each key office that can help get the prescription into the patient's hands. I was previously losing scrips because I did not have an advocate in the office to alert me to insurance and pharmacy issues." Do you see that?

Q. "Scrips" are prescriptions?

Q. Okay. Do you have any idea what this means about: "I did not have an advocate alert me to insurance and pharmacy issues"?

Q. Number 2 says: "Make stronger relationships with your key pharmacies and make sure they understand the value proposition of Exalgo."

Q. What was the relationship between the sales department and pharmacies?

Q. Okay. Let's see. Number 5: "Hydrocodone/APAP is the number one prescribed pain drug, but we know it's not perfect for everyone. Sell how Exalgo can be a better fit for some patients with a reduced number of pills per day." Do you see that?

Q. What is "hydrocodone/APAP"?

Q. "APAP" means what?

Q. Is it acetaminophen is the "APAP"?

Q. And this is the -- the hydrocodone /APAP is what -- was one of the drugs that the sales department was considering to be a competitor of Exalgo's?

Q. What was the number one competitor for Exalgo?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt analyze which drug was the drug that prescribers most often transitioned from to Exalgo?

Q. Yeah, I'm not saying that very well. So you said Exalgo -- just to put a context around it, Exalgo was a drug that should only be prescribed for people who were already on an opiate?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt, while you were there, determine which opiate most of the people were on that ultimately got Exalgo prescriptions?

Q. Okay. If you go to Number 8 here, it says: "Know your competition and your customers. Study your IMS data and mine it for information, especially payor information. It changes weekly in some cases." Do you see that?

Q. So were the sales representatives given IMS data on a weekly basis?

Q. Was that only for --

Q. Do you think they got the IMS data for the prescription numbers more frequently than quarterly?

Q. Was that only for the sales rep's own territory, or did they get more broad IMS data?

Q. All Mallinckrodt products?

Q. Did it also include market share?

Q. But you, as the VP, got the market share information, right?

Q. But you got it -- you got market share information --

Q. Okay. "They did" meaning the sales representatives?

Q. Okay. And -- and you as the VP of sales?

Q. Okay. Number 10 here, it says: "Hold your customers accountable and make sure they deliver on their promises to move Exalgo up in their algorithm." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. The customers here are the physicians?

Q. Okay. Do you disagree with that suggestion?

Q. And the customer here is physicians?

Q. Okay. Who else would have an algorithm that would include Exalgo?

Q. Okay. Number 11: "Don't be afraid to ask for the business; otherwise, your customers may assume that you're doing fine and don't need their help. Think about the representative that comes in behind you. Is he/she asking for the business and you are not? " Do you see that?

Q. Any idea what it means "don't be afraid to ask for the business"?

Q. Here is your copy, sir. And you can feel free to review the entire document if you'd like. I will point to you certain sections I'll have questions about, but you can review the entire document in the meantime if you would like.

Q. It's up to you.

Q. Okay. Have you had a chance to review the document?

Q. Okay. Let's look at the cover e-mail first and then I'll ask you a few questions about that.

Q. First of all, who is Kevin Becker?

Q. And he reported to Jay Meyer?

Q. Do you recall, as you sit here today, the discussion about "Operation Workers' Compensation"?

Q. Did reviewing this document refresh your recollection about the "Operation Workers' Compensation" as it relates to Ohio?

Q. Okay. Let's go through Mr. Becker's e-mail. I have a few questions about that. He -- I'm looking at his e-mail, Mr. Becker's e-mail, that is from Friday, January 6th, 2012, at 12:21 p.m. Do you recognize that distribution list there?

Q. So those were the sales representatives within his district?

Q. Okay. He uses this -- he says "Ohio BWC." Do you have any idea what that is?

Q. Okay. And I won't ask you about every line in here, but if you skip over to the second page, there is a section called "Phase 1 Support Materials." Do you see that?

Q. And then Number 6 under there says: "Tom and Eva profiles"?

Q. Do you recall what the "Tom and Eva profiles" were?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. And going down to Phase 2, it says: "After February 1st, provide BWC physicians the pathway/protocol to getting Exalgo filled through BWC." Do you see that?

Q. No, it's on the same page. It's Phase 2, it's just down a little bit from where it said 6, the next block there?

Q. The first bullet point under Phase 2 is: "After February 1st, provide BWC physicians the pathway/protocol to getting Exalgo filled through BWC."

Q. Do you see that? Was there a written document that was the pathway or the protocol for BWC physicians to get Exalgo filled?

Q. So the goal of -- I'm sorry.

Q. Okay. So the goal of this undertaking that Mr. Becker described is to get more patients -- more appropriate patients who are under the Ohio workers' compensation scheme to be prescribed Exalgo; is that right?

Q. Okay. And if you go down under Phase 2, the second bullet point says: "MS Contin failure may have occurred prior to being a WC patient. Then OxyContin failure may have occurred prior to being a WC patient. Then Medco-22 form to get Exalgo." Do you see that?

Q. Any idea what all that means?

Q. I see. Okay. What is -- if you keep going down, it says: "For BWC OxyContin patients, deliver STAMP messaging," S-T-A-M-P --

Q. -- which looks like an acronym.

Q. Do you know what that was?

Q. Okay. Do you remember what any of those stood for?

Q. This was a marketing created -- well, they are all marketing-created messages?

Q. Okay. A little further down, the third bullet point from the bottom, he says: "Opportunity for Exalgo speaker programs with a KOL that has new BWC PDL experience." Do you see that?

Q. What is "KOL"?

Q. Okay. What does that mean?

Q. And that's that speaker bureau program we talked about earlier?

Q. All right. The PowerPoint that's attached, and this is exhibit -- Exhibit, what did we say, 7, did you have any role in creating this PowerPoint?

Q. This was something that was done at the district level?

Q. Who within Mallinckrodt organization was responsible for handling the interactions with workers' compensation programs around the country?

Q. Was there someone within Mallinckrodt who was designated to handle interactions with insurance companies in terms of getting the products placed on formularies?

Q. What was the title of that group, do you remember?

Q. Okay. That's what it's called, the managed care?

Q. Was it within the commercial division?

Q. But not within the sales department?

Q. Okay. You can put that document aside.

Q. What was your role, if any, with respect to Xartemis?

Q. What do you mean by that?

Q. Did you play any role until crafting the sales messaging for Xartemis?

Q. Did you play any role in crafting the sales messaging for Exalgo?

Q. When -- in preparation for the launch of Xartemis, did -- did Mallinckrodt expand its sales force?

Q. At what stage of approval was Xartemis when you left?

Q. Did you follow the proceedings to see what claims were ultimately approved by the FDA?

Q. What was your understanding of the market that Xartemis was -- that Mallinckrodt was intending to position Xartemis within?

Q. Is that ultimately how it was marketed?

Q. Did you play any role in setting the sales budgets at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you give any input into the sales budgets?

Q. What type of input did you give?

Q. Did you have any role in terms of setting priorities within the sales budgets?

Q. Who set the sales budgets?

Q. Who was that?

Q. Okay. And how about the marketing budgets, who set the marketing budgets?

Q. Did you have any role in setting -- or did you have any input into the marketing budget?

Q. Did you have any input in setting the marketing priorities?

Q. Okay. We'll mark as Exhibit Number 8 a document -- thank you -- that has the Bates range MNK-Tl 0000949449 and ends with 949450, and there is

Q. No, I'm not going to refer to the spreadsheet at all. You're welcome to look at it.

Q. So there -- the e-mail that occurs I guess first in time from Melissa Falcone sent May 30th, 2013, at 9:46 a.m., addressed to some distribution list and copied to you, among others. Do you see that?

Q. It says: "Operation Change Agent-Resources." Do you see that? That's the subject line?

Q. It says: "Thank you for all of your leadership post-POA meetings." Do you know what that means?

Q. Okay. And she goes on to reference something called "Operation Change Agent."

Q. Do you recall what that is?

Q. Okay. She says: "It's the way our sales professionals can motivate our customers to identify appropriate patients who may benefit from a switch to Exalgo, especially OxyContin patients." Do you see that?

Q. Does that ring any bells with you?

Q. And she goes on to reference an "iPad patient identification app."

Q. Do you remember what that was?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Okay. And she also references a "patient screener." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall what that was?

Q. Okay. Now, going up in e-mails, there is an e-mail that is from Jay Meyer dated the same day, May 30th, 2013, at 8:39 p.m. to a group of people. Do you recognize who's in that distribution list?

Q. Okay. And you're copied on that e-mail?

Q. He uses the same re line or he forwards that e-mail, I guess, and he says: "Sean and Kitcha are flying on this. St. Louis is bouncing back. We have to hit home with the representatives that they have. No chance for success if this program fails." Do you see that?

Q. Any idea what he's talking about there?

Q. Okay. He says: "This is not a free product giveaway that everybody wants." Any idea what that means?

Q. And he says: "This program has to be sold and sold aggressively. The reps that are having success in sales are doing so because they are selling this program effectively." Do you see that?

Q. Any idea what program he's talking about?

Q. Okay.

Q. Okay. So this was an e-mail written by somebody named Todd Dean. Do you recognize that name?

Q. Okay. And was he the South Carolina district manager?

Q. And he -- do you recognize the distribution list on this e-mail?

Q. Okay. And you were copied on it?

Q. Who was Bill Nichols?

Q. So Todd Dean's direct boss?

Q. Or direct report?

Q. Okay. And then Mr. Nichols reported to you?

Q. He, Mr. Dean, says: "Team Tenacity win anyway." Any idea what that means?

Q. If you go down to Number 1 -- he has five bullet points there. Number 1 -- well, let me put the context. He said: "We just got off a great national DM call with key success shared by other districts. Here are five things we need to learn from and implement in our South Carolina district immediately." And in Number 1, he says: "Increase speaker programs by 30 percent, more than just Exalgo. Look at SDP programs." Do you have any idea what "SDP" is?

Q. Number 2: "Exalgo free voucher place with the, quote, 'right,' end quote, targets and pull vouchers from offices that haven't taken advantage." Do you see that?

Q. Are these the vouchers where the patient can get some number of Exalgo pills for free?

Q. Do you remember how many pills that free voucher would enable a patient to get for free?

Q. Does 14-day supply sound right?

Q. Okay. Number 3 is: "Frequency on hypertargets. Multiple calls, two to three within a week, on key targets. Brings urgency needed to drive business." Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what the terms "hypertargets" means?

Q. Okay. Number 4: "Sumavel DP with key targets." Do you see that?

Q. What is Sumavel DP?

Q. Was it an opioid product?

Q. All right. He goes on at the bottom -- second from the bottom, and he says: "There is a ton of money," in all caps, "on the table for us to go get."

Q. Do you know what he's talking about there?

Q. For his sales reps?

Q. Okay.

Q. So we'll mark as Exhibit 10, it's an e-mail and looks like a PowerPoint attached to it. The e-mail is MNK-T1 MNK-T1 0001143820 through 23. And then there is a PowerPoint attached to it that says: "Patient conversion and initiation kit, 14-day free trial voucher," and that appears to be 11 pages. And then there is something on Page 12 that says: "Document withheld is not responsive." I don't know what -- there is something that was left off of here in the production.

Q. Okay. So Exhibit 10, what I'm going to ask you about, number one, is: Who is Mike Patterson?

Q. Okay. And you're copied on his e-mail here of June 21st, 2012?

Q. It says -- subject line is: "Exalgo free trial regional training call." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. He says in this e-mail: "Who says there is nothing free in life?" Do you see that?

Q. All right. "The free trial program," he goes on to say, "supports the INSPIRE message to gain real life experience with Exalgo for the appropriate opioid-tolerant patients and ensure proper titration." Do you see that?

Q. What is the "INSPIRE message"?

Q. All right.

Q. Do you miss all the acronyms?

Q. If you flip over to the page that ends in 822, it says: "14-day free trial medication voucher, Exalgo," on the top. Do you see that?

Q. So is this -- it says here: "Good for two 7-day supplies of Exalgo to help you get started." Do you see that?

Q. Is that -- is that consistent with your memory of what the Exalgo free trial period was?

Q. Okay. Was the free trial, if you remember, the free trial offer, was that specific to a certain dosage of Exalgo?

Q. After you got your college degree, did you have any other formal education in any medical field?

Q. When were those?

Q. Through what institution did you take those?

Q. Where did you live then?

Q. So there was a local community college there you think you took that?

Q. Any other formal education?

Q. Did you get on-the-job training?

Q. Did you get on-the-job training with respect to general medical topics, or was it always related to a specific product?

Q. Did you receive training specific to opioids at any point?

Q. Okay. Well, how about when you joined Endo, did you get --

Q. -- medical training specific to opioids?

Q. With Endo?

Q. How many -- let's talk about with Endo. How many of those training classes did you attend, do you think?

Q. Was it like a lot of them or just a handful?

Q. Let's talk about when you were at Mallinckrodt. Do you think you attended some trainings for sales reps that related specifically to opioids?

Q. Okay. Do you think it was, like, more than five?

Q. Did -- when you were at Mallinckrodt, did Mallinckrodt offer specific training regarding opioids to its sales team?

Q. Did you have any role in creating that sales training?

Q. Did you have any role in creating any of the sales training?

Q. Did you review the sales training materials before they were presented to sales representatives?

Q. Were the trainings that you attended at Mallinckrodt related to opioids, were those in person?

Q. Where were those conducted?

Q. Were these trainings more broad than just opioids and opioids as one segment of the trainings, or were they specific training sessions for opioids?

Q. How long in terms of hours or days was the opioid-specific portion of the training for new sales representatives?

Q. What -- ballpark, what percentage of the sales reps did that program?

Q. Uh- huh.

Q. So the other 80 percent had just gone through that two-week training?

Q. And you may have answered this. Do you know what portion of that two-week initial training was dedicated to opioids?

Q. Did you at any time have any interactions with any professional trade associations, such as the American Pain Foundation or those type of organizations?

Q. Yeah. Did you -- let me be more clear. Let's start with this. Did you ever sit on the board of any professional organizations?

Q. Did you ever sit on a committee of any professional organization?

Q. Do you know what the American Pain Foundation is?

Q. Did you have any role with respect to any of those pain organizations?

Q. Okay. Did you ever go to any conferences sponsored by one of those pain organizations?

Q. Which -- which ones have you gone to?

Q. Okay. Where was that?

Q. When was that?

Q. It was while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. How many times did you go to that, would you say?

Q. Did you attend any other pain organization meetings that you can recall?

Q. Did you ever attend something called "Pain Week"?

Q. Okay. On how many occasions did you attend Pain Week?

Q. Do you remember where they were?

Q. Were the one or two times you attended it, was that during the time you worked at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Let's mark as the next numbered exhibit -- do you have the exhibit stickers? Oh, I have them. All right. Exhibit Number 11, it's an e-mail, a couple of e-mails, MNK-T1 0001476129 and 130. There you go.

Q. All right. So if you go to the first e-mail here in Exhibit 11, which is -- it's an e-mail from Donna Richie-Anderson, manager of the speakers bureau. Do you see that?

Q. And it's dated December 9th, 2011, at 11:38 a.m. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So she, Ms. Richie-Anderson, was e-mailing to you and to Rod Novak. Do you see that, Rod and Ron?

Q. And she's referencing, in her subject line, "Fiscal Year '12 Quarter 2 Speaker Programs." Do you see that? It's in the Re line, the subject line.

Q. And she says: "As of December 8th, we have the following to report on the speaker programs. Exalgo: Completed, 103, canceled 14, confirmed/pending 26." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And if you go over -- you can feel free to read this whole document, but I'm looking on the back side, Exhibit 11, paragraph -- it says: "Our current speaker budget is 1.75 million for Exalgo, 1.25 million for Pennsaid for peer-to-peer programs."

Q. Is that budget, that current speaker budget, 1.75 million, is that consistent with your memory of the speaker budget?

Q. Okay. Who set the budget for the speaker programs at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you recall at -- I'm sorry.

Q. Do you recall, Mr. Wickline, that the budget for speakers increased substantially from fiscal year 2012 to 2013?

Q. Why don't you take this one so we can keep this all straight? Thank you.

Q. Oh, then we've handed you the wrong document.

Q. All right. Take 2.

Q. This is 12. So Exhibit 12 is -- the top of it is an e-mail dated June 19th, 2012, and the subject line is "Speaker Bureau" -- sorry, "Speaker Program Budgets For Fiscal Year 2013." Do you see that?

Q. Tell me when you've had a chance to review that.

Q. Okay. So if you look at the first e-mail, this is the one from Donna Richie-Anderson dated June 12th, 2012, 5:16 p.m., to Rod Novak and you. It starts at the bottom of the page -- of the first page of Exhibit 12. Do you see that?

Q. She says: "Rod and Ron, I wanted to send you a note as we were thinking ahead about the 2012/2013 speaker program SOW planning process." Do you know what "SOW" --

Q. Yeah, statement of work. "I would like to work with farm method," or farm ethod or farm method, I don't know how you say it. I don't know if the M is part of the -- "beginning July start the SOW paperwork. I need you to confirm the fiscal year 2013 budget numbers that were sent to me on February 14th." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And so she lists here: "Exalgo, fiscal year 2013, 5,020,000." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Is that money dedicated to the speaker program for fiscal year '13?

Q. Okay. Is that inconsistent in some way with your recollection?

Q. Okay. What makes you think that you were using speakers in training?

Q. I see. So some portion of this budget was used to bring speakers from the speaker program to help train in-house?

Q. Or to train sales representatives?

Q. Do you know how that broke down roughly between peer-to-peer programs and in-house training programs?

Q. Is that -- did that change over time, or is that fairly static?

Q. Okay. All right. Let's mark this as the next numbered exhibit, so 13.

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you what we've marked as Exhibit 13. This as document Bates range MNK-T1 0000546808 through 815. It says on the front: "Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals Brands Sales Representative Sales Incentive Compensation Plan Fiscal Year '13 Plan, October 2012 Through September 2013."

Q. Okay. Do you recognize this document?

Q. Okay. If you go to the very last page, at the very bottom there, there is a signature. Is that your signature?

Q. Okay. So were you the one who sent these sales incentive compensation plans to the sales team?

Q. Okay. And earlier when we were discussing the relationship between the number of prescriptions written for Mallinckrodt products and the incentive compensation or bonuses given to sales representatives --

Q. -- you said you'd have to see an example of

Q. -- compensation plan. Is this an example of what you were talking about?

Q. Okay. So this is for the fiscal year of '13, 2013?

Q. So if you look at the second page of the document, Exhibit 13, the "Quick Facts" section, do you see that?

Q. "Annual plan paid quarterly payouts below are per quarter." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And then the first section says: "Territory quarterly total target dollars for 100 percent of goal. Sales representative, $6,500." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. I'm on -- if you look --

Q. Yeah. "Quick Facts" --

Q. -- on the second page?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. It says: "Sales representatives, $6,500"?

Q. Okay. So what does that first box mean?

Q. Okay. And the goals were set forth in terms of number of prescriptions written for Mallinckrodt products during that time period?

Q. Okay. Can you look and see what other components went into determining the goals? Sorry, determining whether the goals were met?

Q. Okay. So the goals are set forth in terms of the number of prescriptions written for Mallinckrodt products during this time, right?

Q. Okay. And if you go to Page 3 under "Key Facts" --

Q. -- third bullet point says: "Representatives' goals are communicated as TRx's for Exalgo and AATRx's for all other product buckets." Correct?

Q. Okay. What are TRx's?

Q. And what are AATRx's?

Q. Okay. TRx's, though, are just straight numbers of prescriptions, right?

Q. So with respect to fiscal year of 2013, the sales representatives' incentive compensation or their bonuses were tied exclusively to the number of prescriptions for Exalgo?

Q. Okay. Well, let's leave the national picture aside for just a second. The more Exalgo prescriptions that were written, the more bonus sales representatives would get, assuming they were eligible for a bonus?

Q. Right. If they -- and the goals were -- with respect to Exalgo, the goals were expressed in number of Exalgo prescriptions?

Q. So if they sold more or if doctors within a sales representatives' territory wrote prescriptions for more Exalgo products than the goal, the sales representatives were eligible for a higher bonus?

Q. So the more Exalgo prescriptions, the more money sales representatives could get?

Q. So the more Exalgo prescriptions written, the more money sales representatives could get in bonus?

Q. Okay. Let's leave that aside for just one second. As Exalgo prescriptions increased, so did sales representatives' bonuses, right?

Q. And prescriptions of Exalgo were a key component in determining sales representatives' bonus in fiscal year '13?

Q. Was --

Q. Okay. I'm just not understanding why we shouldn't be talking past each other here, and I'm not asking the question the right way. As I'm reading Exhibit Number 13, it seems that the incentive compensation, or the bonuses for sales representatives are tied in a very significant way to the number of Exalgo prescriptions that are written in their territories; is that correct?

Q. I understand there are other components of it; but it looks like Exalgo is a necessary component in order to attain a bonus, if I'm reading this right.

Q. Okay. So, in other words, if somebody, a sales representative, in fiscal year '13, doubled their quota, sales quota of Pennsaid but didn't meet their sales quota for Exalgo, they would not get any performance bonus; is that right?

Q. Okay. Well, look at the document. Look at Page 5.

Q. So in order to get this balanced portfolio quarterly bonus, which is up to $10,000 a quarter, which would be $40,000 a year, in order to get that,

Q. And the purpose -- I'm sorry. Go ahead.

Q. The purpose of the plans, these incentive compensation plans, is to incentivize your sales representatives to get out in the field and talk to doctors and increase the number of prescriptions for Mallinckrodt products, right?

Q. And if it led to increased sales in an appropriate way, sales representatives made more money and bonuses?

Q. Okay. So looking at this plan -- and maybe I'm misunderstanding this plan -- there are two components to the bonus in the fiscal year '13 plan, right? There is a territory quarterly total target dollars for a 100 percent of the goal, which was $6,500 -- up to $6,500 --

Q. -- per quarter, right? And it says: "Uncapped plan escalates with performance." Do you see that on Page 2?

Q. It's right --

Q. Okay. What does that mean, "uncapped plan escalates with performance"?

Q. Okay. And the other component is this balanced portfolio quarterly bonus, which is up to $10,000 a quarter, which is tied to, number one, making your or exceeding your Exalgo quota for the quarter and also exceeding your goal for either Pennsaid, Sumavel, or -- Pennsaid, Sumavel together, right? Am I reading that right?

Q. Were the incentive compensation plans for the other years, when you were at Mallinckrodt, substantially different from fiscal year '13, to your recollection?

Q. And same basic principle, though, was in effect for all the years you were there: The more prescriptions written for Mallinckrodt products, the more bonus sales representatives would be eligible to receive?

Q. I'm not seeing any other component in here. Maybe you could point it out. It looks to me like your bonus is tied to how many prescriptions were written. You are saying there are other components.

Q. Where are they?

Q. Okay. In fiscal year '13, we're looking at Exhibit 13, were there any other components other than number of prescriptions written that factor into either the territory quarterly total target dollars for 100 percent of goal bonus, or the balanced portfolio quarterly bonus?

Q. Is that factored into either the territory quarterly total target dollars for 100 percent of goal --

Q. -- or balanced portfolio quarterly bonus?

Q. Okay. That's --

Q. And that's based on the number of --

Q. -- prescriptions nationwide?

Q. And that's based on -- sorry?

Q. And that's, again, a function of the number of prescriptions written, right?

Q. Okay. Any other factors?

Q. And that's also based on the number of prescriptions written or number of units dispensed nationwide?

Q. Do you see metrics in the plan other than number of prescriptions --

Q. No, I'm just talking about fiscal year '13.

Q. Okay. So let's go through those because I think I might not have understood you exactly. So let's leave behind the new sales reps, the ones who get a training stipend.

Q. Leave those aside for now.

Q. Is there -- in the fiscal year '13, Exhibit 13, is there any other factor other than the number of prescriptions sold or the number of units dispensed that go into calculating a sales representative's bonus?

Q. And those are all tied to either number of prescriptions written or number of units dispensed, right?
