Witness:  Steven Becker
Attorney: MR. Loeser
Source:   MNKOI0004556297
============================================================

Q. Good morning, Mr. Becker. My name is Derek Loeser from the firm of Keller Rohrback for the plaintiffs in this litigation.

Q. Could you please state and spell your your last name, please?

Q. And your full name?

Q. And what is your current job?

Q. What was the last job you had before you retired?

Q. And what year did you retire?

Q. Are you taking any medication or is there any reason that would interfere with your ability to answer questions fully and truthfully today?

Q. So you have no reason to believe, from the medications that you are taking, that it will interfere with your ability to testify --

Q. -- accurately and truthfully?

Q. Have you ever had your deposition taken before?

Q. Well, I'll go over a few of the ground rules that should make this go a little more smoothly. I'm going to ask you questions --

Q. -- and you will answer them.

Q. You're under oath; do you understand that?

Q. Do you understand what that means?

Q. And that's that you need to testify truthfully?

Q. So I'll ask questions, and it's important that you let me finish asking the question before you try to answer it.

Q. Likewise, I will attempt to let you finish answering before I ask another question. If you don't understand a question, please tell me. I'll try to restate it. And it's important, as well, that you answer affirmatively, yes or no, and not shake your head or --

Q. -- answer nonverbally; do you understand that?

Q. Are you represented by counsel here today?

Q. And --

Q. And any other counsel?

Q. I'm going to show you what will be marked Exhibit 1.

Q. I've handed you the deposition notice for your deposition today. Have you seen this document before?

Q. If you read the bottom of that first page of that document, there's a paragraph that starts "ADDITIONALLY, PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that pursuant to the applicable Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, Plaintiffs have requested that the individual identified above produce the documents identified in the Schedule A attached to this Notice that are in their possession, custody, or control"; do you see that?

Q. And the notice is -- does the notice have your name in the first paragraph?

Q. Great. If you could turn to the next page --

Q. -- which indicates "SCHEDULE A," keep turning to page 4.

Q. There are some requests for production, and I'm going to skip to REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION NO. 2, which states, "All documents, including electronic data and e-mail, in your possession related in any way to any defendant's manufacture, marketing, sale, distribution, suspicious order monitoring and lobbying efforts in connection with its opioid business"; do you see that?

Q. Can you turn to page 5 of the document?

Q. At the very top, it says, "REQUEST FOR PRODUCTION NO. 2"?

Q. So have you searched and determined whether you have any of the documents in your possession that are listed there?

Q. So when you left Mallinckrodt, you didn't keep any documents or information?

Q. Nothing in your personal e-mail or any other --

Q. If you read the next request below that, it says, "All documents that you have consulted or reviewed or plan to consult in preparation for your deposition and have relied upon or will rely upon for your testimony for your deposition," and this really is a question for counsel.

Q. When you worked for Mallinckrodt, did they provide you with a phone?

Q. And did you return that phone to Mallinckrodt --

Q. -- when you left? And did you use your phone to send e-mail or text messages?

Q. Sir, what did you do to prepare for this deposition?

Q. And how many times did you meet with him?

Q. And a week ago, where did you meet with him?

Q. And do you live nearby?

Q. And how long would you say the meeting, a week ago, lasted?

Q. And you didn't bring any documents or materials with you to that meeting?

Q. And did you sorry.

Q. And is this a document that you gave to your counsel at that meeting?

Q. And there was a second meeting. When was that?

Q. And again, was that -- who was that with?

Q. And how long did that meeting last?

Q. And did you bring any documents to that meeting?

Q. And did you review documents and materials that were brought by counsel to that meeting?

Q. And can you generally describe what those were?

Q. And other than e-mail, were there reports or memoranda or anything else?

Q. Okay. And were you shown anything, any e-mail that you didn't send, and you didn't receive, and you were seeing for the first time?

Q. Have you read any transcripts from any other depositions in this case?

Q. And was there anyone else present at the meetings with counsel, other than the two individuals you identified?

Q. And nobody from any firm other than Ropes & Gray?

Q. Have you talked about the -- in advance of this deposition, have you spoken to anyone other than your attorneys about your testimony today?

Q. And when did you reach out to those individuals?

Q. And do you recall what you said to them?

Q. And did you have a conversation with each of the individuals that you identified?

Q. And can you generally describe what you learned from each of them?

Q. And did you talk at all about what you thought you would have to testify about?

Q. And did they share any of that with you?

Q. And was it just one conversation with each of them?

Q. Are you being reimbursed or compensated in any way for time and expenses?

Q. For this deposition?

Q. Nobody's offered to pay you anything for your testimony?

Q. Have you ever been charged with a crime?

Q. Did you ever graduate from college, Mr. Becker?

Q. What year did you graduate?

Q. And what was your -- do you recall what your major was?

Q. And can you describe your job history after you graduated from college?

Q. And the year you started at Mallinckrodt was?

Q. And to go back to the first liquor store that you worked for, do you generally recall what year that was?

Q. And Midwest Wine, do you recall when that was?

Q. Do you recall how long you worked there?

Q. And then John 0. Butler?

Q. Then what did you do for them?

Q. And what did you sell for them?

Q. Any pharmaceuticals?

Q. And then was it Dental Solutions, the next on your list?

Q. And do you generally recall when you worked there?

Q. And what did you do for them?

Q. And then, after Dental Solutions, you worked for Schein --

Q. -- Pharmaceuticals? What did you do for them?

Q. And what products did you sell?

Q. Any controlled substances?

Q. Do you recall which ones?

Q. Okay. And then from Schein, you said you started at Mallinckrodt, and you believe that was around 2000?

Q. And when you started at Mallinckrodt, what was your position?

Q. And was that the position that you retained from then until you stopped working there?

Q. And what year did you stop working there?

Q. And what products were you responsible for selling, for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And over the time that you worked there, were you selling mostly controlled substances?

Q. The majority of the products that you sold --

Q. And when you started at Mallinckrodt, did you receive any training in how controlled substances operated or what they were?

Q. Did you receive any training on the requirements of the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. At some point did you provide training -- were you provided training --

Q. So how did you learn about the requirements of the Controlled Substances Act when you worked for Mallinckrodt, or did you?

Q. Do you recall how many national account managers there were at a time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And were you responsible for a particular region?

Q. How did that work --

Q. I'm sorry. Let me finish asking the question. How did that work among the different national account managers?

Q. And who made the decision what accounts you would have?

Q. And was he the sales manager the entire time you worked there?

Q. Tell me the sequence. When was he the manager and --

Q. And those were the two people that were sales managers during your employment?

Q. And the entire time you were there, you reported to Jane Williams?

Q. Okay. Who did you report to before Jane?

Q. Is that all you recall?

Q. Was the person to whom you reported responsible for evaluating your yearly performance?

Q. And did you have annual performance evaluations?

Q. Were there written materials given to you for your evaluation, a written performance report, for example?

Q. And did that happen every year?

Q. Did you keep a copy of any of those?

Q. And was it your understanding that Mallinckrodt kept a copy of your annual performance evaluation?

Q. And so each year you had a performance evaluation, can you generally describe for me what happened at each evaluation? How was it conducted?

Q. And with the person to whom you reported, and nobody else, or were there other people there, as well?

Q. And were you asked to sign any document after a performance evaluation that confirmed matters that were discussed during the evaluation?

Q. And again, you would, as -- your recollection is that you would sign that and give that to Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you recall, what was the metrics that were used to evaluate your performance?

Q. During the time that you worked for Mallinckrodt, did you receive any awards or commendations for your performance?

Q. Can you describe those, please?

Q. And what is the president's club?

Q. And by "top performing," do you mean the people who sold the most Mallinckrodt product?

Q. Do you recall the years that you won the president's club award?

Q. In discovery in this case, Mallinckrodt has produced what appears to be portions of your personnel file, including a 2014 performance report, and I gather shortly after this 2014 evaluation, you ceased working for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And at the time that you retired, what was how were you being evaluated?

Q. Did they ask you to retire or

Q. And do you recall that you received a negative performance evaluation in 2014?

Q. Showing you what's been marked Exhibit 2, and we're not going to spend a lot of time on this document, I'll just -- I've handed you what says, on the top of the document, "WRITTEN NOTIFICATION OF UNSATISFACTORY PERFORMANCE, EMPLOYEE NAME: Steve Becker." Does that refresh your recollection at all?

Q. Can you tell me what this is?

Q. Okay. Do you recall this happening?

Q. And do you recall whether you thought this was accurate or fair or do you recall one way or the other?

Q. If you could turn to the last page of that review --

Q. -- and in the second paragraph, which starts, "DESCRIBE THE ACTION PLAN REQUIRED THAT WILL LEAD TO SUCCESSFUL COMPLETION OF THIS OBJECTIVE"; do you see that?

Q. The very bottom, the second two bullets there, one says, "Review one account weekly to include Cardinal Source, Optisource, Smith Drug and PBA." Do you recall what that was about?

Q. And then the following bullet, "Target products oxycodone, oxy/apap as well as full line summary." Do you recall what that was about?

Q. So this was in 2014 --

Q. -- and does this suggest that Mallinckrodt was wanting you to target oxycodone and oxy/apap to increase sales of those items?

Q. Do you have any recollection of that?

Q. We can put that document aside.

Q. You can just put it there, yes. When you left, were you paid a severance?

Q. Did you have any kind of agreement with Mallinckrodt, upon your departure?

Q. Did you consider yourself a successful national account manager?

Q. And a good Mallinckrodt employee?

Q. Did you comply with all of the rules that Mallinckrodt told you about?

Q. And would you say that you did your job the way Mallinckrodt expected you to do your job?

Q. Were you well regarded by your peers at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Would you say that you're a detail-oriented person?

Q. And is the same true for your work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And how would you say your memory is for things that are important to you?

Q. And during your time at Mallinckrodt, did you believe you had a good memory for the details of your employment?

Q. We've seen reference in documents to national account managers getting to know their clients. Can you tell me what that generally means?

Q. Sure. What does it mean to get to know your clients?

Q. And as a national account manager, did you believe it was important for you to get to know the details of your clients' businesses?

Q. And how would you do that?

Q. And who were your -- I'm referring to them as clients, but did you refer to them as clients or customers?

Q. Who were your customers? What types of businesses were your customers?

Q. And did you develop particularly close relationships with any particular clients or customers?

Q. And what made it a good relationship?

Q. And any other customers that you felt like you had a particularly good relationship?

Q. We've seen reference to customer realignment among the national account managers. Can you tell me what that means?

Q. And do you understand why accounts would be realigned?

Q. And was that ever a point of contention for you?

Q. And was your pay at all based upon the amount of sales that you had with any particular account?

Q. Did you receive a salary?

Q. And did you also receive bonuses?

Q. And were those sales-based?

Q. Were the bonuses sales-based?

Q. And was the salary sales-based at all?

Q. And so if a client was realigned, and as a result you no longer had that client, would you lose the credit for sales to that client?

Q. And so did that ever happen?

Q. And was that ever a point of contention for you?

Q. For bonuses, can you explain to me how the bonus system worked at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And was it generally the case, if you sold more product, your bonus was larger?

Q. Was it generally the case that if you sold more product, your bonus was larger?

Q. Were there any circumstances where that wasn't the case?

Q. Do you recall what your -- do you recall the years in which you received the highest bonuses?

Q. Do you recall whether there were any particular products that you sold more of than other products?

Q. I'm showing you what's previously been marked Borelli Exhibit 2. If you could take a look at that.

Q. Do you recall, in 2006, what products were -- what products you sold, more than any other products?

Q. And then in 2007, if you look, you'll see that your bonus was zero?

Q. Do you recall why your bonus was zero in 2007?

Q. That didn't -- that doesn't stand out to you?

Q. And then, in 2008, your bonus is 53,270. Do you recall why your bonus went from zero

Q. -- to 53,270?

Q. You have no recollection of any particular circumstances that caused you to have an increase of $53,207?

Q. No? Okay. If you look 2009, your bonus $97,253. Do you have any recollection as to why your bonus went from 53,270 to $97,253?

Q. There's no particular product that you were selling that was -- that -- for which sales had increased substantially during that time period?

Q. Okay. So if you look at 2010, in 2010 your bonus went up $116,657. Do you -- do you recall why your bonus increased to that amount?

Q. Do you recall whether there was any particular product that you were selling more of in 2010?

Q. Do you remember receiving $116,657 bonus?

Q. What was your salary in 2010?

Q. Do you have any recollection of a ballpark of it?

Q. Was it more than $25,000?

Q. Was it more than $50,000?

Q. Was it more than $75,000?

Q. Was it more than $100,000?

Q. Do you recall whether this bonus was more than your base salary?

Q. So you have no recollection of your salary in 2010, and you don't have any recollection of why you received a $116,000 bonus in --

Q. But no product stood out for you as being one that you sold a lot of in -- particularly in the years 2008, '9 and '10, causing you to receive

Q. If you look at 2011, your bonus is $93,900. Do you recall why it went down from $116,000?

Q. And again, you don't recall any product in 2011 that you were selling more of than any other product that could explain the bonus?

Q. Yes. I'm referring you to -- you've been handed what's marked Exhibit 3.

Q. And before you -- before we go through that document, can you -- can you explain to me how marketing worked for specialty generics products?

Q. Were you involved in any marketing of specialty generics products?

Q. So let's take a step back. How -- did you do anything to go out and find new clients?

Q. Right. Or customers, as you call them?

Q. And so explain how that worked.

Q. And so did you identify accounts that you wanted to go after?

Q. And how did you do that?

Q. And what would you say to a potential new customer when you would contact them? How would you encourage them to start doing business with Mallinckrodt?

Q. And did you bring any materials with you that would -- that you would present to them that described Mallinckrodt's products?

Q. And what were those materials?

Q. And who prepared those materials?

Q. And those marketing materials dealt specifically with -- with generic products?

Q. Okay. And your product line of controlled substances?

Q. And can you -- were they all products that were generics or did they include branded products as well?

Q. Okay. So all the marketing materials that you would give to potential customers dealt with generic Mallinckrodt products?

Q. And then, when you would talk to a potential customer, would you have price negotiations with them or what would you do to encourage them to start purchasing from Mallinckrodt?

Q. And would you offer price concessions or anything of the sort in order to entice them to start purchasing from Mallinckrodt?

Q. How did you determine the pricing to offer?

Q. Okay. And did you negotiate any discounts or rebates or anything like that?

Q. Okay. And if it was already -- if you were talking to a customer, an existing customer, would you have negotiations with the customer about pricing?

Q. And how would that work?

Q. So would you say among the different generic manufacturers, when you would talk to a customer and try and get a new customer, was there

Q. And with existing customers, did that continue to be the case?

Q. And were there factors other than the price that potential or actual customers took into account when choosing to purchase from Mallinckrodt?

Q. And what were those?

Q. And pause for a second. What do you mean by "service"?

Q. What do you mean by "issues"? What would be some examples of issues that a client would have that you could take care of?

Q. Do you recall any issues other than out of stock?

Q. Was that a primary issue that service would take care of, when a customer was out of stock and Mallinckrodt would make sure that it would provide that stock?

Q. Did you have any interaction with pharmacy benefit managers?

Q. How about retail pharmacies, national retail pharmacies, Walgreens, Rite Aid?

Q. Yeah. As part of your marketing and sales efforts, did you reach out to any national retail pharmacies?

Q. And was there anything different about how Mallinckrodt supplied the retail chains versus a wholesale distributor?

Q. And did you interact with the -- with the three main wholesale distributors, Cardinal Health, Amerisource?

Q. And was there anything different about doing business with them versus regional wholesale distributors?

Q. Anything different about the contracting?

Q. Price different?

Q. Based upon the size of the orders they were placing?

Q. Okay. If we could look at the exhibit that's in front of you.

Q. Can you just -- and if you look down the second column -- I'm sorry -- the first column on the second page, you see your name listed there a few times under "Attendees." Can you just generally describe for me what this document is?

Q. And why would you attend these shows?

Q. And was the goal to develop business by going to these shows?

Q. And would marketing materials about Mallinckrodt's products be distributed at these shows?

Q. You've been handed what's marked Exhibit 4, which is Bates number MNK-Tl 0002867894. This document states on the top, "Pre-show Worksheet," and then it says, "Meeting, National Community Pharmacists Association." Can you look through this document for a minute and then just tell me what it is?

Q. Okay. That's good enough. And you know, when I look back at the prior exhibit, there's an item, the second convention listed says, "National Community Pharmacists Association Annual Convention and Trade Show," and then looking at the exhibit that you just went through, this appears to be the Pre-show Worksheet for the National Community Pharmacists Association trade show; is that accurate?

Q. On the second row, do you see where it says, "National Community Pharmacists Association"?

Q. So that's one of the events that Mallinckrodt would have people from Mallinckrodt attend. Then if you turn to the next exhibit, this is actually the description of that event?

Q. Maybe not that particular year, but -- and looking down at the third item on the Pre-show Worksheet, it says, "Meeting/Audience - More than 3000 leaders of independent pharmacy, independent pharmacy GPOs , and students will attend." Do you recall whether you attended this particular trade show?

Q. And if you read -- if you look at the section captioned "MEETING OBJECTIVES" --

Q. -- and you can just look at those objectives for a moment and tell me, are those the objectives that you believe you had, when you attended this meeting?

Q. And looking further down the exhibit, under Featured Products, number 2 is "Hydrocodone"?

Q. And it says, "Display message: 'Trust in our strengths and soar with #1 dispensed generic in the U.S. ...hydrocodone/APAP from Mallinckrodt.'" Is that the -- when it says, "Display message," is that on a -- on some marketing materials or what's being displayed and where?

Q. So perhaps there -- sounds like there's a display, and that's the --

Q. -- that's the marketing statement that's on the display?

Q. Do you know what "Display message" means?

Q. So if you turn to the next page, number 3 is "Oxycodone"?

Q. And the Display message is "One for all, all from one... responding to your oxycodone needs." Do you know who came up with that display message?

Q. Do you have any sense what year this -- I'm sorry. It says 2005. Strike the question. If you go to next page, there's a list of -- there's a schedule with days, Sunday, October 16, Monday, October 17, Tuesday, October 18, and you'll notice that on Sunday, October 16, your name is listed as "Generic Rep 1," and Monday, October 17, your name is listed "Generic Rep 1." And above that, it says, "Since we will be featuring both generics and Zydus products, we will need two representatives from both organizations during each exhibit session." Do you recall what you did at these exhibit sessions?

Q. And by "people," you mean customers?

Q. Okay. We can put that aside.

Q. You've been handed what's now marked Exhibit 5, which is Bates number MNK-T1 0004809715, and take a minute to look that over. This is an e-mail from you to Dena Mando, M-a-n-d-o, dated 9/7/2012. The subject line is, "Additional Dating Buy Opportunity."

Q. And can you read out loud, please, the sentence after "Dear Dena and Lynne"?

Q. Above that?

Q. Yeah. "Mallinckrodt would like"...

Q. And can you explain to me what a "buy in opportunity" is?

Q. And what does "dating" mean?

Q. And is what's described in this e-mail a normal process for you, reaching out to a customer to offer a buy in opportunity?

Q. Is this the only time you did this?

Q. So is the idea, here, to encourage a wholesale distributor client to buy more product from Mallinckrodt?

Q. How not necessarily?

Q. Okay. If we look at the second paragraph of your e-mail, you say, "We are seeking a order on a 2 month allocated supply on the oxycodone 15mg & 30mg products & the attached Fentanyl patches. I have attached the suggested order for your review." So again, it sounds like you're asking a customer to place an order; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. So this is not an interaction that was initiated by the customer, which is HD Smith?

Q. You don't see any reference in this e-mail to the customer asking for this opportunity, right?

Q. Okay. Instead, it's you offering this opportunity to the customer?

Q. Mr. Becker, you understand that opioids are narcotics, correct?

Q. And you're aware that the manufacturer and -- manufacturer and distribution of narcotics must comply with the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Are you familiar with the term "closed system" for opioid distribution?

Q. Do you understand that all persons and entities involved in the manufacture or distribution of opioids must be a registrant under the CSA?

Q. You're not aware that -- are you aware of whether Mallinckrodt is a registrant under the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Do you understand what diversion is?

Q. Can you describe that for me?

Q. And would you agree with me that a manufacturer that sells controlled substances to distributors who recklessly distribute opioids is engaged in diversion?

Q. You can answer.

Q. I'll repeat it. "Would you agree with me that a manufacturer that sells controlled substances to distributors who recklessly distribute opioids is engaged in diversion?

Q. And why not?

Q. And when you say, "due diligence," what do you mean?

Q. Right.

Q. And when you say, "when product monitoring came into place," when was that?

Q. Is that something that was not in place when you started working for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And to the -- as best as you recall, when did a product monitoring system start at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Was it in the first two years you worked there?

Q. Was it in the latter time period that you worked there?

Q. Okay. So maybe something around 2012?

Q. Do you know what effective controls to prevent diversion means?

Q. I'm just asking you if you know what it means, regardless of who made the statement.

Q. Diversion?

Q. Okay. Tell me what your idea is.

Q. And what do you mean by "everything" that they can?

Q. And are you familiar with any of those rules and regulations?

Q. Can you describe them generally?

Q. Do you agree that diversion contributes to drug abuse and addiction?

Q. Do you have any sense, one way or the other?

Q. Right.

Q. Including drug abuse and addiction?

Q. And would you agree with me that drug abuse and addiction increases the number of overdose deaths?

Q. Do you have any sense one way or the other?

Q. Do you agree that drug abuse and addiction increases the number of overdose deaths?

Q. Do you know what a suspicious order monitoring system is?

Q. Can you describe that for me, please?

Q. And was such a system in place when you started working at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you have a general recollection of whether a suspicious order monitoring system was put in place at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you recall when that was?

Q. Was it towards the end of your career at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you have any recollection at all?

Q. Okay. But your sense, from the sales perspective, is that there was no SOM system when you started, but at some point during the time that you worked there, one was put in place?

Q. Were you involved, at all, in the system that was eventually put in place?

Q. So if we had documents that describe your involvement in that questionnaire, would that likely be the time frame of when you believed that the suspicious order monitoring system was put in place?

Q. Do you agree with me that if an order by one of your customers is identified as suspicious, the order should not be shipped by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you have any understanding of that?

Q. Yes. If an order is identified as suspicious, the order should not be shipped by Mallinckrodt, right?

Q. But do you have an understanding of whether suspicious orders should be shipped?

Q. Right, but I'm trying to understand your understanding of this. If an order is identified as suspicious, and it is a suspicious order, is it your understanding that that order should not be shipped?

Q. And if the review determines that the order is suspicious, then what happens?

Q. Does shipping a suspicious order violate the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. That was not a -- something on which you were given training when you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Was it your understanding that Mallinckrodt was required to report, to the DEA, suspicious orders?

Q. And did Mallinckrodt also have a duty to identify suspicious orders by the downstream customers of your distributor clients?

Q. Is that a term that you used, at all, "downstream customers"?

Q. Did you use the term "indirect customers"?

Q. And what was that?

Q. Okay. So if your wholesale distributor customer -- your wholesale distributor customer is referred to as your direct customers, right?

Q. And the pharmacies and dispensing physicians and pain clinics, the entities that purchased from your wholesale distributor customers, those are referred to as the indirect customers, correct?

Q. And you never used the term "downstream customer" for those indirect customers?

Q. Are you familiar with the term "customers of your customers"?

Q. So when you're referring to the entities that purchased from your wholesale customers, you refer to them as your indirect customers?

Q. And is it your understanding that you had

Q. Earlier, I was asking you about national account managers, and that's how you referred to yourself, as a national account manager?

Q. And there were several other national account managers at the same time --

Q. -- as you? And did you all get together occasionally?

Q. And how often did that occur?

Q. And would you also communicate by e-mail, frequently?

Q. And in your conversations with the other national account managers, did you talk about any difficulties or issues you were having with clients or customers?

Q. And what are the other kinds of things that you would talk about with your national account manager colleagues?

Q. And did you have a good relationship with your co-national account managers?

Q. And did you have a better relationship with some than others?

Q. Do you recall, who among the group were you closest to?

Q. And do you recall why those two in particular?

Q. And did you not get along with any of your co --

Q. -- account managers? Okay. Where we left off, I was asking about suspicious -- suspicious orders, and are you familiar with the characteristics of a suspicious order?

Q. Well, can you define the characteristics of a suspicious order?

Q. Did you have any sense at all, that you recall, of what the characteristics were of a suspicious order?

Q. And that would be considered a red flag?

Q. Is that how that term was used?

Q. And can you think of other circumstances that would get an order tagged as suspicious?

Q. Anything else?

Q. And were you involved, at all, in helping Mallinckrodt identify suspicious orders?

Q. And you've mentioned Karen Harper a number of times. Is she -- does she fall under the product monitoring people category?

Q. And do you recall what her position was?

Q. And did the product monitoring people consult with you about orders that they thought might be suspicious?

Q. And then what would you do?

Q. And prior to 2011, did you -- did you ever recommend that an order be cancelled because you believed it was suspicious?

Q. And after 2011, do you recall that?

Q. Were there any incentives offered to you to report suspicious orders?

Q. When you were evaluated, was there any consideration of whether you had identified suspicious orders?

Q. Would it have been appropriate for you, as

Q. Why not?

Q. No, because it would be illegal?

Q. Prohibited by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And prohibited by the DEA as well?

Q. Mr. Becker, do you agree that there's an opioid crisis in this country?

Q. And in what year did you realize that there was an opioid crisis in this country?

Q. Was it after the time you started working for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Early in your time there?

Q. And how did you become aware that there was an opioid crisis in this country?

Q. And did you ever investigate the extent to which pills manufactured by Mallinckrodt contributed to the problem?

Q. Did you ever investigate the extent to which pills manufactured by Mallinckrodt contributed to the opioid crisis?

Q. Did you evaluate whether particular types of pills manufactured by Mallinckrodt were prone to abuse or diversion?

Q. Did you evaluate whether particular types of pills manufactured by Mallinckrodt were prone to abuse or diversion?

Q. I think there was a cough while you were --

Q. Are you aware that oxycodone 15 milligram and 30 milligram were the most widely abused and diverted Mallinckrodt products?

Q. Are you aware that your distributor clients purchased millions of these pills from Mallinckrodt?

Q. But you were aware, when you worked there, of the number of pills that your customers purchased --

Q. What did you use?

Q. How many --

Q. So if the metric you used was bottles, how many pills are in a bottle?

Q. And was there no standard measure when you referred to a bottle?

Q. But when you used -- when you looked at the number of bottles of pills, there was no particular number of pills that you knew were in any bottle?

Q. And cases, how many bottles are in a case?

Q. Is it a uniform measure or does it --

Q. You mentioned that you learned of the opioid crisis through news articles. Are those articles that you found on your own or articles that were sent to you by colleagues or both?

Q. You've been handed what's marked Exhibit 6, which is a news report from the Florida -- South Florida Sun-Sentinel, dated December 3rd, 2006. On December -- by December 3rd, 2006, you were working for Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. And you were selling controlled substances for Mallinckrodt?

Q. This article headline is "ALARM OVER PRESCRIPTION DRUG TRADE," "DEATHS SKYROCKET AS DEALERS AND ADDICTS FLOCK TO SOUTH FLORIDA." I'm going to read a few sentences in this article and ask you about your knowledge of these circumstances. The first sentence is "Out-of-state drug dealers and addicts are traveling long distance to visit Florida pain clinics, targeting the state because of its lax oversight of prescription drugs" -- "because of its lax oversight of prescription drugs makes scoring pills easier." Do you recall reading about people coming from out of state to purchase pills in Florida?

Q. And the next sentence of the article, next paragraph, states, "The unwanted tourism alarms state officials who have watched deaths from prescription pain medications skyrocket in recent years. In 2005, such prescription drugs as hydrocodone, methadone and oxycodone contributed to more overdose deaths than all other narcotics combined, according to Florida medical examiners." Now, as of 2006, you were selling hydrocodone, methadone, and oxycodone to your distributor customers; is that correct?

Q. And were you aware that those pills were being sold en masse to pain clinics and doctors in Florida?

Q. But you read articles that described --

Q. Okay. And do you recall when you became aware of the supply, the problem of hydrocodone, methadone, oxycodone, in Florida and people coming from out of state?

Q. Did you become aware of skyrocketing overdose deaths in Florida at some point?

Q. I'm passing to you what's previously been marked as Borelli Exhibit 24. This is an article from the Miami Herald, with the title "Inside Broward County pill mills." The date of the article is April 5th, 2009. You were working at Mallinckrodt, selling controlled substances on that date, correct?

Q. And I'll read the first paragraph of the article. "Broward County has become the painkiller capital of the United States, the notorious home to a cottage industry of storefront pain clinics selling alarming numbers of narcotics and feeding a brazen black market sprawling through the South and New England." And again, that description, that's something that you had become familiar with because of the articles and information you had seen?

Q. Yes. You were aware that Broward County had become the painkiller capital of the United States?

Q. And were you aware that, as of this time,

Q. Had you examined, at all, whether your wholesale distributor clients were selling significant portions of the controlled substances they bought from you to locations in Florida?

Q. That's not something that you looked into?

Q. Okay. But that's not something that you looked into?

Q. If you turn to the next page of this article, there's a paragraph, second from the top, that states, "And the travelers come by the thousands, narcotics investigators say, from Kentucky, Ohio, West Virginia, Massachusetts and other states. Prospective pill buyers sometimes camp outside clinics overnight, waiting for the doors to open, said Hollywood police Capt. Allen Siegel, director of a South Broward narcotics task force." Now, is this circumstance of people coming from out of state to get pills at Florida pain clinics something that you had heard about?

Q. And if you turn to the next page, there's

Q. And were you also familiar with the fact that many of those deaths were due to oxycodone overdoses?

Q. And, of course, you knew that a number of your wholesale distributor clients were purchasing large volumes of oxycodone, manufactured by Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. Significant volumes of --

Q. What would you consider significant?

Q. Thousands of bottles significant to you?

Q. Tens of thousands of bottles seem significant to you?

Q. Go a few more pages into the article. There's a paragraphs that states, "Police in Kentucky, Tennessee, West Virginia, Ohio and other states routinely arrest drug suspects who have oxycodone bought or prescribed in Florida, often using bogus medical records to justify the medication. 'Ninety-eight percent of it is coming out of Florida,' said Capt. David Hall, a narcotics detective in Scioto County, Ohio, outside Cincinnati." And again, you had heard of people coming to Florida to purchase pills. Had you also heard of those pills migrating out of the state of Florida to other areas?

Q. Down below, it states, "More oxycodone is distributed in Florida than any other state -- 40 percent more than in second-ranked California in 2006, according to DEA data." Were you aware of that?

Q. And did that cause you any concern, that Florida was such a heavy user of oxycodone products?

Q. Concerns that it was being diverted?

Q. That was a concern of yours?

Q. Was it?

Q. Sir, I'm handing you what's been marked Exhibit 7, which bears Bates stamp MNK-T1 0000264194. And while you're looking at that document, for the record, this is an e-mail from Karen Harper, dated November 28th, 2009, sent to a number of people, including yourself; is that correct?

Q. And the other folks to which this e-mail was sent, John Adams, Robert Lesnak, Tim Berry, Bonnie New, Dave Irwin, Victor Borelli, are those all other national account managers for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And if you look at the subject line of this e-mail, Ms. Harper is sending you a news article from RxNews with the heading "Grand Jury wants to crack down on pill Mills, Ft. Lauderdale, Florida"; do you see that?

Q. And so if you go down into the body of the article that's attached to Ms. Harper's e-mail, the first line of that is, "Broward County has become known as the 'pill mill capital' of the United States"; is that correct?

Q. Right below the title of the article, on the first page.

Q. Okay. And so this is an example of an article about the problems in Florida that was sent to you by Ms. Harper, describing the problems in Florida and the fact that Florida had become a pill mill capital, right?

Q. And if you go to the second page of that now, which attaches the article, third paragraph from the top states, "According to the report, 'In the past 2 years the number of pain clinics in South Florida mushroomed from 4 to 176, dumping 9 million dose units of Oxycodone in our community every six minutes." And, sir, you are aware that --

Q. Six months. Yeah.

Q. Fair correction. And then it continues, "Although the pain clinics originated in Broward County, they have spread north quickly throughout the rest of Florida." So again, this is information contained in an article that was sent to you by Ms. Harper on November 28, 2009; that's correct?

Q. And at the time, you were selling substantial amounts of oxycodone to your wholesale distributor clients, correct?

Q. Were you selling --

Q. Were you selling more oxycodone to your clients in 2009 than in prior years?

Q. You never examined that?

Q. You have no recollection one way or the other?

Q. This wasn't a time for you in which that particular product was selling so much that it was causing your bonus to go up significantly?

Q. That's not something you ever tried to figure out?

Q. You've been handed what's marked Exhibit 8, which is an NPR, National Public Radio, article, dated March 2nd, 2011. The heading is "The 'Oxy Express': Florida's Drug Abuse Epidemic."

Q. It was probably both. According to the exhibit, it was "Heard on Morning Edition" on March 2nd, 2011.

Q. Are you familiar with the term "The Oxy Express"?

Q. Can you tell me what that is?

Q. And The Oxy Express refers to the highway running north out of Florida, 175; are you aware of that?

Q. Have you -- are you familiar with I75 being referred to as The Oxy Express?

Q. And if you turn to the second page of that exhibit, under the heading "Florida's Oxycodone Prescriptions," this states, "Doctors in Florida prescribe 10 times more oxycodone pills than every other state in the country combined. People come from all over the Southeast to visit the state's pain clinics." You were aware of that, correct?

Q. You were aware of that at the time that you were selling oxycodone to your wholesale distributor customers?

Q. But generally, this is something that you were aware of?

Q. When you were still selling oxycodone to your wholesale distributor customers?

Q. You've been handed what's marked Exhibit 9, and while you're familiarizing yourself with it, this is an e-mail from Kate Muhlenkamp, dated February 16, 2009, sent to you, among others. Subject is "Customer Demand Management and Allocations." Bates number MNK-11 0004916278. Who is Kate Muhlenkamp?

Q. And if you look down at the e-mail -- have you had a chance to read it?

Q. Why don't you go ahead and do that?

Q. So I'll read the first paragraph of the e-mail, and then I'll ask you a question about that. It says, "All - As you are aware, we have ramped up our supply capabilities surrounding Oxycodone IR over the past 8 months and have done

Q. And what was Ethex?

Q. And Ms. Muhlenkamp goes on to note, "As a point of reference, our backorder dollars have reached 90 million today, 40 million of that, or 45%, is oxycodone IR." Do you recall there being substantial backorders of oxycodone IR in 2009?

Q. And what does that mean when Mallinckrodt has backorders?

Q. It means that the entire amount of oxycodone manufactured by Mallinckrodt had been purchased by your clients or customers?

Q. The backorder indicates that everything Mallinckrodt had to sell, all of the oxycodone IR, had been sold?

Q. And Mallinckrodt's response to that, according to this e-mail, was to ramp up supply capabilities?

Q. But is that what Ms. Muhlenkamp is telling you in this e-mail?

Q. Do you recall Mallinckrodt being backordered on oxycodone IR in 2009?

Q. If you go to the next paragraph of her e-mail, she writes, "After maximizing our manufacturing output, we know that we are not in the position to fulfill the total market demand as

Q. So explain for me what's happening here.

Q. And do you recall in this time frame there being a historic -- Mallinckrodt not being able to meet historic demand?

Q. And do you recall there being a time when Mallinckrodt started managing allocations to customers for oxycodone IR?

Q. Do you recall, as described in this e-mail, that there came a point in time, in 2009, in which Mallinckrodt started allocating what it had available of oxycodone IR among its different customers?

Q. And that's because Mallinckrodt couldn't manufacture enough to meet the demand?

Q. And do you recall that Mallinckrodt tried to meet the demand by increasing the amount that it was manufacturing?

Q. Okay. Is that what's described in this e-mail?

Q. Do you recall whether not having oxycodone IR available was something that was upsetting to your customers?

Q. And back in 2009, when you received this e-mail, did you try to figure out why your customers were ordering so much Oxycodone IR?

Q. That's not something that occurred to you to do?

Q. You've been handed what's marked Exhibit 10. MNK-T1 0000289707, and while you're reading it, this is an e-mail from Kate Muhlenkamp to Karen Harper, with the Subject, Requesting Info: Dollars of Sales, Oxycodone 15 and 30 mg to Florida per year," and with an attachment, "Oxy Florida Sales" 9/14, 2010. Do you have any understanding of why, on September 14, 2010, Ms. Muhlenkamp sent to Ms. Harper a report on Florida sales of oxycodone 15 and 30?

Q. Were you involved, at all, at that time in examining sales to Florida of oxycodone 15 and 30?

Q. If you turn to the next page of this exhibit, there is a -- there's some tables that describe --

Q. -- sales of oxycodone 15 and 30, a total in Florida; do you see that?

Q. The first table indicates "Total End Purchaser," "Gross Sales"; do you see that?

Q. And the table below that says, "Total End Purchaser," and it says, "Fl"?

Q. So if you look down this, you'll see that -- and then the third table has percentages. So as of September 14, 2010, starting in 2008, 28 percent of all of the oxycodone 15 and 30 was sold in -- to downstream customers in Florida as of 2008; do you see that?

Q. Were you aware of that?

Q. Okay. And if you look at 2009, it shows that as of 2009, 39 percent of all of the oxycodone sales by Mallinckrodt were sold to downstream customers in Florida; were you aware of that?

Q. And if you look at 2010, it shows that 47 percent of all of the oxycodone 15 and 30 purchased from Mallinckrodt by its wholesale distributors was sold to downstream customers in Florida; do you see that?

Q. So the percentages went 28 percent in '08 to 47 percent in 2010. And, sir, are you telling me that among your wholesale distributor customers, you were not aware of the portion of all of the oxycodone they purchased from you that was shipped to Florida?

Q. And did you ever ask to get the information?

Q. But you never did any type of examination across the board for your wholesale distributor customers of where they were sending the bulk of the oxycodone they purchased from you?

Q. Okay. Do you recall the details of that?

Q. And why did you do that?

Q. Did you recall -- do you recall what you learned?

Q. Okay. So you learned that they were not selling most of their drugs?

Q. And did you learn anything else that caused you to be suspicious about Smith Drug?

Q. And you don't recall any other times investigating any of your other wholesale distributor customers to see who was purchasing from them the products that you sold to them?

Q. Would you agree with me that it's highly suspicious that in 2008, 28 percent of all oxycodone manufactured by Mallinckrodt was being sold and shipped to Florida?

Q. Okay. And then looking at 2009, would you agree with me that it is highly suspicious that out of all of the oxycodone manufactured by Mallinckrodt, 39 percent of it was being shipped to Florida?

Q. Would that pique your interest as well?

Q. And the following year at 47 percent --

Q. And do you think it's possible that that amount of oxycodone was being legitimately consumed in Florida --

Q. -- for medically necessary purposes?

Q. I'm handing you what's previously been marked Borelli Exhibit 22, MNK-T1 0000368646. And while you're reading that, this is an e-mail from Lisa Lundergan to Karen Harper, dated April 18, 2011, and the Subject, "Oxycodone FL Update," with an attachment, "Oxycodone IR Monthly Update."

Q. Who is Lisa Lundergan?

Q. And Ginger Collier, to whom this is cc'd?

Q. And in this e-mail, Ms. Lundergan writes, "Karen, As requested, I have attached an update on Oxycodone Florida activity. Please let me know if there is anything else you would like added to this. I will update this as often as you need it, just let me know." And do you remember what was going on in April of 2011 that would cause Ms. Lundergan to provide a report on --

Q. -- Florida IR activity?

Q. If you turn to the next page, there's some graphs.

Q. And if you look at the one -- the second one, the bar chart, it shows that in 2010, over 2 million bottles of oxycodone 5, 15 and 30 milligram tabs were sold to Florida; do you see that?

Q. Does that seem like an alarming number of bottles to be sold to Florida?

Q. In 2010, were you aware that that many bottles were being sold --

Q. -- by your group to Florida?

Q. And were you aware of which of your clients were sending significant volumes of oxycodone to Florida at that time?

Q. If you turn to the next page of that exhibit, there's a table at the top. It says, "Distributor Data," All Strengths - Oxycodone HC1"; do you see that list?

Q. And do you see that there's a list of Mallinckrodt customers on there?

Q. Let's go down that list, and I want you to tell me which of those customers were your customers. Let's start at the top. AmerisourceBergen, is that your customer?

Q. Did they become your customer at some point?

Q. Okay. Do you see that in 2010 AmerisourceBergen sent 85,881 bottles of oxycodone?

Q. And that would be the number of bottles that they sent to Florida, correct?

Q. Okay. The next one, Anda?

Q. Was that your customer?

Q. Do you see that they sent 22,000 bottles?

Q. Okay. So you did not know as of this time, because you had not looked to see, the number of bottles of oxycodone that your wholesale distributor customer sent to Florida?

Q. Okay. So if you had called Lisa Lundergan and said, "Can you please send me information on the number of bottles that my clients sent to Florida," would she have been able to provide that to you?

Q. But the information was there?

Q. Okay. Well, you know from this list that there's tracking of the number of bottles of wholesale distributor customers, number of bottles of oxycodone they shipped to Florida, right?

Q. So presumably, since this list was created and sent to Karen Harper, it also could have been sent to you --

Q. if you had asked for it?

Q. This data had been assembled by Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. And if you had asked for it, you could have been provided that data, too, correct?

Q. So let's keep going down the list. Tell me when we get to another one of your clients.

Q. Okay. And you see that they sent 19,000 bottles of oxycodone to Florida

Q. in 2010?

Q. Keep going down.

Q. Okay. Who is below Epic?

Q. Okay. You see that they sent 79,039 bottles --

Q. -- of oxycodone to Florida in 2010?

Q. Do you see how many bottles of oxycodone they sent to Florida in 2010?

Q. Just how many was that?

Q. Keep going down.

Q. Okay. How many bottles did KeySource send into Florida in 2010?

Q. Okay. What's below that? Master Pharmaceutical, was that your client?

Q. Okay. Do you see the number of bottles of oxycodone --

Q. -- that Masters Pharmaceutical sent to Florida in 2010? How many bottles was that?

Q. Okay. Keep going down.

Q. All right. How many bottles did OptiSource send to Florida?

Q. So in 2010, OptiSource sent 152,923 bottles of oxycodone into the state of Florida?

Q. Any other clients of yours on this list?

Q. Do you know, for each of the clients of yours that you identified, what portion of their total purchases of oxycodone from you were sent to Florida?

Q. Is that information that you could have obtained, had you asked for it?

Q. Just before we leave that exhibit, if you go up to the Cardinal Preferred Source A, that was your customer, wasn't it?

Q. Do you see that in -- from 2010 to 2011, Cardinal increased its shipments, to Florida, of oxycodone 57 percent?

Q. Do you have any recollection of why that occurred?

Q. Does it seem strange to you that at a time when most of the other distributors were decreasing their shipments into Florida, Cardinal was increasing its shipments?

Q. And what does that mean?

Q. Okay. And do you recall whether Cardinal was picking up volume as other regional wholesale distributors were slowing down their sales to Florida in 2011?

Q. You have in front of you what's been marked Exhibit 11, Bates number MNK-T1 0004888161. While you're looking at that, this is an e-mail from Bonnie New, dated 6/16/2011, sent to you, among others. The subject, "Oxycotin Article from St. Louis Post Dispatch," with the attachment "6-16-11Oxycotin PD Article.rtf"; do you see that?

Q. And Bonnie New was one of the other national account managers?

Q. And her e-mail states, "Hello, Interesting read. I think it supports our suspicions in regard to the increased usage of the Oxy 30mg"; do you see that?

Q. Let's turn and look at that article.

Q. Do you remember receiving this e-mail?

Q. But you don't have any reason to think that it wasn't sent to you?

Q. So if you look at that article on the next page, the title is "New oxycontin form is said to curb abuse"; do you see that?

Q. And this is from the "New York Times"?

Q. And if you move down a few paragraphs, the article states, "Purdue Pharma, the maker of oxyContin, may have succeeded in reducing elicit demand for its reformulated drug. But in several dozen interviews over the last few months, drug abuse experts, law enforcement officials and addicts said the reformulation had only driven up interest for other narcotics. Demand appears especially high for pure oxycodone that can come in 30-milligram pills." And then down at the end of the article, it states, "'It's just a matter of switching,' said John Burke, commander of the drug task force in Warren County, Ohio, and president of the National Association of Drug Diversion Investigators." Do you see that?

Q. So do you remember having suspicions about the increased usage of oxy 30 in June of 2011?

Q. And did you respond to Ms. New about the suspicions?

Q. And you were aware of that, at least as of 6/16/2011?

Q. And did you -- this refers to "our suspicions," so I gather that's a suspicion that she shared with you?

Q. And you had the same suspicion?

Q. So as of June 16, 2011, you knew that the increased demand was due to the fact that OxyContin had been reformulated, and you knew that your clients were purchasing significant volumes of oxy 30, right?

Q. So did you raise any concerns with anyone at Mallinckrodt about how maybe it would have been

Q. Why do you think you may have?

Q. That would be a real concern, wouldn't it if oxycodone manufactured by Mallinckrodt was there was spiking demand because of the interest of people who were addicted?

Q. So if you had raised that with anyone, how would you have done that?

Q. And why over the telephone and not e-mail?

Q. Do you have any specific recollection of raising this suspicion with anyone at Mallinckrodt?

Q. You have in front of you what's been marked Exhibit 12. The document cover sheet indicates the document was produced in Native Format, and it attaches a PowerPoint presentation. The presentation does not have Bates numbers because of the Native Format. The front cover e-mail Bates number is MNK-T1 0002450579. And if you look at this presentation, the title is "Specialty Generics National Sales Meeting," "November 9, 2011." And did you have a national sales meeting every year?

Q. And this says "COVIDIEN" at the top.

Q. Is that the same as Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Do you recall the 2011 National Sales Meeting?

Q. Let's turn the page --

Q. -- and the heading on that page says, What You Accomplished In FY11." Is that full year 11 or what is that for?

Q. Fiscal year 11. And the last item on there is "Performance regained senior management confidence." Do you know what that was about?

Q. And the bar at the bottom says, "On behalf of Covidien & Pharmaceutical Sector Senior Management, Thank You!" So if look at those bullet points, it sounds like 2011 was a successful year for Mallinckrodt?

Q. If you turn to the page that has the heading "Specialty Generic Product Families"

Q. -- do you see that?

Q. There's a list of controlled substances here; do you see that?

Q. And for each one, there's an indication of the specialty generic product family; do you see that?

Q. And it indicates the "Generic Equivalent of," and it lists what each of these is the generic equivalent of; do you see that?

Q. And then the next column says, "Covidien Ranking August 11," so that's ranking among your competitors where the -- where your sales stand; is that right?

Q. And in fact, the next column says, "Covidien Market Share August 11"; do you see that?

Q. And then it goes on. It has "Covidien Net Sales" and other indications; do you see that?

Q. So if you look at Oxycodone IR --

Q. -- which is the generic equivalent of Roxicodone, right?

Q. This is shows that Covidien's ranking is number 1 out of 4; right? Do you see that?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And if you look at "Covidien Market Share August 11," Covidien/Mallinckrodt had 51 percent of the market share of Oxycodone IR.

Q. Does that sound right to you?

Q. Do you recall having conversations about Mallinckrodt's market share for the different generic products that it sold?

Q. But what this suggests is that as of August 11th, at any rate, 51 percent of all of the oxycodone IR sold in the United States was sold by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And if you move down this list, for oxycodone APAP, how did you say that?

Q. APAP, which is the generic equivalent Percocet, this shows that the Covidien market share as of August 11 was 37 percent?

Q. So 37 percent of all of the oxycodone APAP sold, as of August 11th, was sold by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And if you go down much farther to "Hydromorphone," which is the generic equivalent of Dilaudid, Covidien ranking, 1 out of 4?

Q. And Covidien, which again, Mallinckrodt's market share there is 67 percent?

Q. So 67 percent all of the hydromorphone sold in the United States, during the fiscal year 2011, was sold by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. So if you go to the next page, second bullet item says, "Sales forces - everyone was in the money," most between 100 to 115 percent. What does that mean?

Q. So everyone -- the sales force, that includes you, right?

Q. So the sales force was, everyone's in the money, everyone was selling well?

Q. Okay. Let's go back up and look at the chart we were looking at a minute ago, and if you look at "Covidien Net Sales" --

Q. Okay. So fiscal year 2011, the top selling product among all of Mallinckrodt's products, in terms of net sales, was hydrocodone APAP at 104.7 million; do you see that?

Q. And that's an increase of volume, if you go further down, from 2010 to 2011?

Q. And the second item, the second seller for Mallinckrodt, fiscal year 2011, was oxycodone IR at 75.1 million; do you see that?

Q. And below that, oxycodone APAP at 56.6 million.

Q. So those were the top selling -- this lists the top-selling Mallinckrodt products in fiscal year 2011?

Q. So when there's articles that discuss explosive sales of oxycodone, for example, in this time period, you know from this that 51 percent of all those sales are by Mallinckrodt?

Q. That would be an accurate statement, right?

Q. Okay. But assuming that the information in this table is accurate, it would be accurate to say that --

Q. So if you're looking for the source of all of the oxycodone in the United States, Oxycodone IR, as of August 2011, you know that 51 percent of it was sold by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay.

Q. Now, you're aware that in 2011 several of Mallinckrodt's major wholesale distributor clients had their licenses to sell controlled substances suspended by the DEA?

Q. Okay. But do you recall that it was in 2011?

Q. So when you look at this November -- this is towards the end of 2011, November 9, 2011, sales meeting that talks about upbeat performance and sales being in the money, there's no reference anywhere to anyone being reprimanded for selling controlled substances to wholesale distributors whose licenses were suspended by the DEA; is that right?

Q. This is the exhibit we were just going through. Do you see any reference, anywhere in that exhibit, to anyone being reprimanded for selling controlled substances to wholesale distributors whose licenses were suspended by the DEA that year?

Q. I believe it's the same document.

Q. Just flip through the whole document --

Q. Have you seen any reference in there?

Q. Is there any reference anywhere in this PowerPoint presentation about Mallinckrodt's successful full year 2011 about anyone being reprimanded for selling controlled substances to wholesale distributors whose licenses were suspended by the DEA?

Q. And do you recall whether your senior management -- and there's a thing here, it says, "On behalf of Covidien & Pharmaceutical Sector Senior Management, Thank You," on page 2.

Q. Do you recall anyone from senior management raising, as an issue, the problem of Mallinckrodt selling controlled substances to wholesale distributors whose licenses were suspended by the DEA --

Q. -- during this sales meeting?

Q. Mr. Becker, are you familiar with what a chargeback is?

Q. Can you please explain to me what a chargeback is?

Q. And so when the end user -- and by that, I think you mean indirect customer?

Q. Same thing. Who negotiates the price with the end user where a chargeback is required?

Q. Right.

Q. And are there circumstances where Mallinckrodt is negotiating directly with the indirect customer?

Q. And do chargebacks provide an incentive to Mallinckrodt's distributor clients to sell Mallinckrodt drugs?

Q. But they do prevent Mallinckrodt's wholesale distributor customers from losing money when it sells to a downstream customer at a price that's lower than the price that the distributor purchased from Mallinckrodt?

Q. And I want to make sure I understand in terms of the timing. Mallinckrodt sets a price with its wholesale distributor, that's the first transaction, and then the wholesale distributor sets a price with the downstream customer. Is that a transaction that happens after that?

Q. Yeah. I just want to try to understand when a chargeback is required. So -- well, let me just ask you that way. When does a wholesale distributor get a chargeback payment from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And a chargeback is required when the downstream customer purchases the drug from the wholesale distributor --

Q. -- at a price that's lower than what the wholesale distributor paid Mallinckrodt for the product?

Q. And the downstream customers that -- for these chargeback transactions can be pharmacies; is that correct?

Q. And can they be pain clinics?

Q. And then the data about the transaction, the sale from the distributor to the downstream customer, that data is reported to Mallinckrodt by the wholesale distributor; is that correct?

Q. And that data is, then, collected into what's referred to as the chargeback system?

Q. And was Mallinckrodt able to exercise control over who its downstream customers were through the chargeback system?

Q. Do you understand what I mean by that?

Q. So if Mallinckrodt refused to pay a wholesale distributor a chargeback for a sale to a downstream customer, would that have the effect of causing that wholesale distributor to stop doing business with that downstream customer?

Q. Did you see that happening on occasion?

Q. And are you familiar with the reports that could get generated from the chargeback system?

Q. And did you, on occasion, request chargeback reports?

Q. And is another term for those an indirect match report?

Q. You've been handed what's marked Exhibit 13, which is Bates MNK-T1 0000289849. And while you're reading that, this is an e-mail from Jim Rausch to Karen Harper, dated July 13, 2010, and it includes a string of e-mails, including one from yourself to Karen Harper; do you see that?

Q. And if you flip to the last page the second to the last page, there's an e-mail from Kate Muhlenkamp to you, dated July 9, 2010. Do you see that, with the Subject, "Cedardale Distribution - order"?

Q. And this e-mail states, "Steve, Per Jim's question below, could you please investigate the increase in usage at Cedardale and let us know what you find out?"

Q. Is this an example of an order being flagged by the compliance department for you to follow up on?

Q. Okay. And what's her responsibility for identifying suspicious orders?

Q. Okay. Why is she the one sending this e-mail?

Q. Okay. And Cedardale, that was one of your wholesale distributor customers?

Q. Okay. So she asks you to investigate, and if you go to the next page, there's an e-mail from you, dated July 12, 2010. And you write, "This is

Q. That would include, for example, oxycodone?

Q. And this continuous, "Their account base is continuing to grow as"--there's a typo, I think--"as the are expanding their business."

Q. "I will speak to Kate directly on running

Q. And then, if you go up above, the next e-mail is from Karen Harper to Jim Rausch, cc'd to you, states, "Jim, I agree that we should review the chargeback data." "Steve, Have you requested the info from Kate?" Do you see that?

Q. And then the string continues, there's an e-mail July 12, 2010, from you to Karen Harper, and you say, "Yes." And then you go to the top, and that's Karen Harper to Jim Rausch, and that e-mail on July 13, 2010, starts, "Steve requested the chargeback report from Kate." Do you see that?

Q. So this is an example of you investigating

Q. So yes, the question came in, why is Cedardale increasing the amount that they're ordering, and you investigated that by asking for

Q. And the chargeback report would show you not just the Cedardale order from Mallinckrodt, but the downstream customer to which Cedardale was selling those bottles of pills, right?

Q. When you asked for the chargeback report, what you would get is a record of the transaction where Cedardale was making a sale to a downstream customer and ordering pills from Mallinckrodt to fulfill that sale, right?

Q. You've been handed what's marked Exhibit 14, MNK-T1 0004254158. This is an e-mail from Sandi Ivancho to you, dated June 1st, 2011, and it attaches a string of e-mails; is that accurate?

Q. And if you go to the last page of the exhibit, there's an e-mail from Mike Cappock of Quest Pharmaceuticals --

Q. -- to you, dated May 31st, 2001; do you see that?

Q. And in his e-mail, he writes, "Steve, We would like to take you up on your offer to check Mallinckrodt CT1 purchases for one of our customers. The customer is Griffin Pharmacy/Montclair"; do you see that?

Q. Do you recall offering this to Mike Cappock?

Q. And then do you see your response on the chain, from you to Mike Cappock, May 31st, 2011? "Will do and I hope to have an update by Thursday"?

Q. Okay. And then, if you flip to the first page, there's an e-mail from you to Sandi Ivancho. Who is Sandi Ivancho?

Q. Okay. And then you see your e-mail. You write, "Dear Sandi, Please run charge back report on the account below, to check Mallinckrodt" -- it looks like "C-II purchases for a customer with Quest Pharmaceutical."

Q. So here -- and Quest Pharmaceuticals is one of your wholesale distributor clients?

Q. Okay. And so you apparently had offered Mr. Cappock, at Quest Pharmaceuticals, to check up on what looks like a downstream sale, by him, to one of his customers; is that right?

Q. And in order to do that, you asked for a chargeback report, right?

Q. And then, in the top of the chain, Ms. Ivancho sent you the chargeback report, right?

Q. So again, this chargeback report here contained information showing not just the wholesale distributor transaction, the fact that Quest Pharmaceuticals was buying schedule II controlled substances from Mallinckrodt, but also the transaction downstream where Quest Pharmaceuticals was selling the product to one of its customers, the indirect customer?

Q. So this isn't a report that was just -- you know, we've looked at other reports that other people generated. This is one where you, in fact -- you knew how to ask to have a chargeback report run in order to examine downstream customer sales?

Q. And on occasion, you did ask?

Q. I'm handing you what's been marked Borelli Exhibit 11.

Q. And this exhibit, at the top, has a Bates stamp, which is MNK-T1 0000264292, and for the record, this is a report that we ran from a Native File produced by Mallinckrodt, which appears to be chargeback data for Mallinckrodt wholesale distributor customer Harvard Drug. Now, you understand that from the chargeback system, you could ask for particular reports to be run?

Q. Right. And you could sort on any number of different fields that's included within the system, including the identity of the wholesale distributor?

Q. So you could ask the folks responsible for generating these reports, and who was that? Who at Mallinckrodt actually ran the chargeback reports?

Q. So Kate Muhlenkamp, product manager?

Q. And so you could ask, as we saw in the last e-mail, please sort on this particular downstream, this wholesale distributor on this transaction to a particular customer, you could sort that way and identify that information?

Q. Right. DEA number of the downstream customer?

Q. And you could also ask to have data presented to you for all of the transactions involving Harvard Drug, for example?

Q. Okay. I want to walk through this -- this report, and just to be clear, this is a document that we created from the Native File produced by Mallinckrodt. And in what we created, we captured all of the fields that were included in the Mallinckrodt chargeback data, and I want to walk through these fields with you and have you tell me what they are, if you know.

Q. So if you look at the first page of the exhibit, there's a field that says, "Sold Via Child" number, and there's a number.

Q. Is it your understanding that that number is associated with the entity in the next column, "Sold Via Child Customer Name"?

Q. Had you seen that terminology where --

Q. -- a wholesale distributor is referred to as the child?

Q. Okay. Well, it looks here, where it says, "Sold Via Child Customer Name," the name listed is "Harvard Drug," and then -- do you see that?

Q. And then, if you look farther down the list, it says, "Ship To Customer Name," and it has names there. So the customer name appears to be the downstream customer. The first name, Harvard Drug, appears to be the wholesale distributor; is that right?

Q. Okay. So then you have "Sold Via Child Address," and you see there's an address. That's the address for the wholesale distributor --

Q. -- do you see that? And then address continues, Lavonia, Michigan. That's where Harvard Drug was located, right?

Q. Then there's a postal code, and then there's a customer number. Now, that's the number associated with the downstream customer; is that right?

Q. In this case, Barry Schultz?

Q. For that account, okay, so for Mr. Schultz's -- Dr. Schultz's account. And then you have a "Ship To Customer Address." That's the address of the downstream customer. And if you continue to the next page, that continues, and it shows an address, a suite, and a city in Deerfield Beach, Florida. And again, that's all the address for what, on here, is referred to as the customer, but is the downstream customer of Harvard Drug; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And then it continuous down, you see "Ship To Customer State," it says Florida. "Ship To Customer Postal Code," and then the there's a DEA number, and that DEA number is associated with the downstream customer; is that right?

Q. Okay. Then there's a "Product Number," a "SKU," and does every Mallinckrodt product have a unique SKU number?

Q. Okay. So that's the number for oxycodone HCL 15 milligram?

Q. And then you have a "Product Description," and that's the description of the drug, right?

Q. And then there's an order number. I take it that's the specific downstream order number from Harvard to Dr. Schultz?

Q. And then there's an "Invoice Date"?

Q. "Gross Sales"?

Q. "Charge backs" and "Net Sales"; do you see that?

Q. So all of that information about, first, the wholesale distributor, name, address, state, then about the downstream customer, DEA number, name, address, state, drug type, order number, invoice date, gross sales, chargeback, all of that is collected in the chargeback system --

Q. -- for each transaction?

Q. Okay. And that kind of information is consistent with the information you saw in the chargeback reports that you yourself requested, right?

Q. And those reports also indicated the quantity of the drug that was purchased. It wasn't just the type, but it also indicated the quantity the downstream customer was purchasing?

Q. Okay. And so for this document, we sorted on Dr. Schultz, but this is not -- as we saw from your own request for a chargeback report, you could sort on any downstream customer and come up with data on the sale, by the wholesale distributor, to that downstream customer; is that right?

Q. And that's for dispensing physicians, right, when they're a downstream customer?

Q. Okay. And that would be true for pain clinics as well?

Q. And that's the same for pharmacies as well, right?

Q. So there's nothing terribly unique about Dr. Schultz's example? He's just one example of the types of downstream customers that -- for which Mallinckrodt collected data about downstream sales?

Q. And there were no sales that would not be recorded in the chargeback system by wholesale distributors; is that right?

Q. When would there be sales not included within the data collected in the chargeback system?

Q. And when would they do that?

Q. So it was very rare that any sale would not be included in the chargeback system?

Q. And when it did happen, it was generally a mistake?

Q. And then would that, once found, be corrected and information about that sale would be --

Q. And would you agree with me that based upon the information in the chargeback system, Mallinckrodt had detailed information about the downstream customer sales?

Q. Okay. And that was just as true for pharmacies, as it was for dispensing physicians, as it was for pain clinics?

Q. Right. Just as we saw with Dr. Schultz?

Q. He's a dispensing physician, and the transactions of his purchases from Harvard --

Q. -- Group are contained in the chargeback system?

Q. And the same is true for pharmacies?

Q. And so Mallinckrodt has detailed information about downstream customer sales to pharmacies --

Q. -- via the chargeback system?

Q. And it would not be accurate to say that Mallinckrodt lacked information about sales to downstream customers?

Q. Correct?

Q. By its wholesale distributors?

Q. It would not be accurate to say that Mallinckrodt lacked detailed information --

Q. -- about sales to downstream customers, including pharmacies?

Q. But that's your understanding? That would not be an accurate statement?

Q. That's a yes?

Q. So based upon this chargeback system, do you agree that Mallinckrodt could determine whether a distributor client ordered a limited variety of controlled substances while ordering few of any other types of drugs? Does that make sense?

Q. From the chargeback system, could Mallinckrodt tell what portion of a wholesale distributor's purchases were schedule II narcotics versus noncontrolled substances?

Q. Yeah, generally speaking. So if you wanted a chargeback report, and you wanted to see what portion of your customers' purchases were for oxycodone, for example, that's something you could determine through the chargeback system?

Q. But that's your understanding?

Q. So you could tell the ratio of controlled substances purchased versus noncontrolled substances by any one of your wholesale distributor clients?

Q. And through the chargeback system, you could also tell if a downstream customer was purchasing from multiple different Mallinckrodt wholesale distributor customers?

Q. And, of course, you could tell whether a downstream customer -- you could tell the volume of purchases by any particular downstream customer, from your wholesale distributor?

Q. Do you know when Mallinckrodt started collecting chargeback data?

Q. Do you recall when Mallinckrodt first started using chargeback data to evaluate downstream customer sales?

Q. Do you know when you first started doing that?

Q. Right.

Q. So the whole time that you worked for Mallinckrodt, this data was collected by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you generally recall when you first heard the expression "chargeback data"?

Q. So it's something you knew about through the whole time period --

Q. -- you worked for Mallinckrodt? Okay. Have you ever been interviewed by the DEA in connection with Mallinckrodt --

Q. You've got to let me finish the question.

Q. I guess I am.

Q. So let's go back to this -- this report that we were looking at a minute ago, Borelli Exhibit 11, and if you look at this sort, we sorted on Harvard Drug and Dr. Barry Schultz. Do you know who Dr. Barry Schultz is?

Q. Did you see 60 Minutes a few months ago in which he was interviewed from his jail cell?

Q. Okay. Dr. Schultz is currently serving a 157-year sentence for illegal prescribing and manslaughter. Do you recall seeing that on a 60 Minutes episode?

Q. So if you look at this chargeback report that we generated, what it shows is that on a number of instances, Dr. Schultz purchased, if you look at the next page, oxy 15 and oxy 30 from Harvard Drug; do you see that?

Q. And like you said before, you could also tell from the system any other distributor from which Dr. Schultz purchased?

Q. Right. And are you aware of whether he purchased from other distributors as well?

Q. That's correct. So there are other -- there are other reports for other distributors, and, in fact, he did purchase from other distributors as well.

Q. Now, if Dr. Schultz used a different DEA registration number when he purchased from different wholesale distributors, would that be a red flag in your mind for a suspicious order?

Q. And based upon what you know and understand, would that seem to be suspicious for a medical doctor to use different DEA registration numbers when ordering from different wholesale distributors?

Q. Okay. And whether you know it's a red flag or not, you do agree that DEA registration numbers are recorded in the chargeback system for downstream customers?

Q. So Mallinckrodt could look and see if Dr. Schultz, in fact, used different DEA registration numbers when purchasing from different wholesale distributors?

Q. But they could look and see that, right?

Q. That would be their job to identify red flags like that, right?

Q. Now, if you look at the third column on the first page, you see, for this Harvard Drug report for Dr. Schultz, that each one of these transactions indicated Dr. Schultz purchased the oxycodone 15 and 30 from Harvard Drug doing business as First Veterinary Supply; do you see that?

Q. Now, you'd agree that it would be suspicious for a medical doctor to purchase oxycodone 15 and 30 from a company doing business as First Veterinary Supply?

Q. Can you think of any reason why a medical doctor would legitimately buy controlled substances from a veterinary supply company?

Q. Would you agree with me that the fact that this transaction was via First Veterinary Supply is a red flag for diversion?

Q. I know you're not expert, sir, but Harvard Drug was your wholesale distributor customer, right?

Q. Okay. And you sold controlled substances for Mallinckrodt for a number of years, correct?

Q. And would you knowingly allow a medical doctor to purchase controlled substances from a veterinary supply company?

Q. And why would you not do that?

Q. Because it appears to be diversion, correct?

Q. Now, this must be unusual, right, for a medical doctor to purchase Mallinckrodt controlled substances from a veterinary supply company?

Q. Right?

Q. You would think that that would be a rare occurrence?

Q. While you're looking that over, this is another report that we prepared from the Native File produced by Mallinckrodt, which appears to be chargeback data for sales to Harvard Drug. The Native File Bates number is MNK-T1 0000264292. Now, as we discussed, Mr. Becker, it's possible to sort the information included in the chargeback system, based upon wholesale distributor customers, right?

Q. So the chargeback system would allow a sort on all transactions involving oxycodone 15 and 30, right? You could sort on that?

Q. And you could sort on Harvard Drug Group, right?

Q. So that's what we did, and these are the results of the sort, and if you look through, what this shows is that the Harvard Drug Group had a total of 12,487 transactions doing business as First Veterinary Supply.

Q. So it wasn't an unusual occurrence at all; does that surprise you?

Q. Correct. But does that surprise you, that there are 12,487 individual transactions in which Harvard Drug sold oxy 15 and 30 as First Veterinary Supply?

Q. We're looking at this now. Is this surprising to you?

Q. It's very surprising that there are 12,487 transactions in which First Veterinary Supply sold oxy 15 and 30, manufactured by Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. And if you look further, if you sort on where all of this oxy 15 and 30 went, at the bottom line, it shows that 92.4 percent of the 12,487 transactions in which First Veterinary Supply sold oxy 15 and 30 to Mallinckrodt downstream customers were shipped to Florida.

Q. What does that suggest to you?

Q. Right. And if you look at the date when these transactions occurred in the second column, they occurred between September 30th, 2008, and April 1st, 2010; is that right?

Q. And that's the same time period that we discussed where you indicated that you knew that Florida had become the pill mill capital of the United States?

Q. So during the time that Florida was the pill mill capital of the United States, your wholesale distributor customer, Harvard Drug, doing business as First Veterinary Supply, sold, on 12,487 occasions, oxy 15 and 30, and shipped 92.4 percent of it to downstream customers in Florida.

Q. And would you agree with me that that's alarming?

Q. And during the time that Harvard Drug Group was your client, was your customer, you were unaware that all of the transactions for oxy 15 and 30 were via First Veterinary Supply?

Q. And yet, this is information that's in the chargeback system, right?

Q. And we saw that from the report before that we ran from the chargeback system, which showed First Veterinary Supply as on the Child Address line, right?

Q. So if you had asked to see Harvard Drug Group's sales during the time that they were your customer, and you had asked for the chargeback information, what you would have gotten back was something that indicated that all of the transactions, every occasion in which your customer bought from you, oxy 15 and 30, on all of those occasions, they sold those drugs via First Veterinary Supply?

Q. So if you had asked to see Harvard Drug Group's sales during the time that they were your customer, what you would have gotten back was something that indicated that all of the transactions, every occasion in which your customer bought from you oxy 15 and 30, on all of those occasions, they sold those drugs via First Veterinary Supply?

Q. Okay. But you could have become certain of that by asking for chargeback data and looking to see whether First Veterinary Supply --

Q. And do you know, generally, when you inherited that account?

Q. Was it during 2008, '9 or '10?

Q. And there would be information in Mallinckrodt's files that would show exactly when you inherited that account, right?

Q. So if we looked at that data and we saw that Harvard Drug Group was, in fact, your customer during that time, then any transaction in which Harvard Drug purchased oxy 15 and 30 from you, every one of those sales was via First Veterinary Supply. That's the information that would be contained in the chargeback report?

Q. If you go back to this summary sheet we have here, the sales by -- in which Harvard Drug sold oxy 15 and 30 through First Veterinary Supply are broken down by quarter; do you see that?

Q. So in 2009, the second quarter, if you go in one, two, three, four columns, you'll see that there were 426 purchase orders. So in the second quarter 2009, on 426 occasions, Harvard Drug sold oxy 15 and 30 via First Veterinary Supply. And then, if you see that column as well, 81.7 percent of those transactions were shipped to downstream customers in Florida?

Q. Now, if you wanted to see if any of those customers were veterinarians, that's something that you could see in the chargeback system, right?

Q. And so if you wanted to see how many of those shipments were to pain clinics, dispensing physicians, and pharmacies, you could see that, too, in the chargeback system?

Q. So when you go from the second quarter 2009 to the third quarter 2009, you'll see that the total purchase orders by Harvard Drug via First Veterinary Supply went to 1,119.

Q. Can you explain that substantial increase in the number of sales to Harvard Drug?

Q. Is an increase like that something that would be flagged as a suspicious increase?

Q. Well, what do you think?

Q. Well, you have it now.

Q. Can you think of a good reason why

Q. Right. That would make it particularly suspicious to you?

Q. And then, if you look at the next quarter, 2009 fourth quarter, the number of times Harvard Drug sold via First Veterinary Supply, and again, this is selling oxycodone 15 and 30, manufactured by Mallinckrodt, it goes up to 2,988, so it more than triples. Would that appear particularly suspicious to you as well?

Q. And then, if you look next quarter, first quarter 2010, it goes up to 3,591 total purchase orders, so again, it's skyrocketing, right?

Q. And the time frame that these sales to Harvard Drug are skyrocketing is the exact same time frame discussed in the articles we saw earlier in which Florida had become the pill mill capital of the world, right?

Q. Good afternoon, Mr. Becker.

Q. If I could refer you back to the article that was marked Borelli Exhibit 24, it's the article with the title "Inside Broward County's pill mills." Looks like that .

Q. And, sir, this is the article that we went through that talks about how Broward County has become the painkiller capital of the United States, and the date on this article is April 5th, 2009; is that correct?

Q. And in this article, in addition to what we went through and read before, there are a number of dispensing physicians and a -- what's described as a pill mill. And I'll just turn to the pages --

Q. One of the doctors is Dr. Amy Seinfeld, and she was an osteopathic physician in North Miami Beach, according to a police report prepared in connection with one of her patients who overdosed on oxycodone pills. And as we saw, the article talks at some length about the exploding number of pill mills in Florida, the fact that people were traveling en masse from out of state, purchasing pills and driving them up I75, distributing to Appalachia and Ohio. Another doctor that is identified in here is Dr. Enrique Gonzalez-Pujol. In addition to some other information, it indicates that he was placed on probation after he pleaded guilty to the criminal charge of filing false medical records for clinics involved in a several million-dollar insurance fraud ring and a variety of other issues involving him and his prescribing practices. And then later in the article, there's a discussion of a pain clinic that you may have heard of called South Florida Pain. Have you ever heard of that pain clinic?

Q. And what it says about South Florida Pain is, "Among police in Appalachia, one Fort Lauderdale clinic has earned a notorious reputation for selling pills that end up on the black market: South Florida Pain." And so the doctors that I mentioned and the pain clinic, they were identified in this April 5th, 2009, article in connection with the discussion of illegal prescribing and diversion.

Q. And you've seen that article and looked through it. So I have another exhibit I'd like to show you.

Q. Before I hand you that exhibit, are you aware of whether -- well, first of all, did you, after this article came out, make any effort to figure out if any of your wholesale distributor clients were selling oxycodone or other schedule II substances to Dr. Seinfeld or Dr. Pujol or to American Pain?

Q. And are you aware of any investigation that was done around the time of this article that examined whether any of Mallinckrodt's wholesale distributor clients were selling to any of these individuals or --

Q. That's not something that anyone ever talked to you about?

Q. You don't recall anyone taking this article, which was in the Miami Herald, and asking you if you could please check to see, via the chargeback reports, whether any of your wholesale distributor clients had, as downstream customers, any of the entities identified in this article?

Q. So why don't we look at Exhibit 16.

Q. And this, for the record, is from a Native File produced by Mallinckrodt. The Bates number is MNK-T1 0000264292. And again, that's the Bates number that is on the cover sheet from the Native File. And like we did with some of the other reports that I've given to you, we went ahead and looked in Mallinckrodt's chargeback data for sales to any of those three entities and individuals that are discussed in that article. And so if you take a look at that exhibit, starting at the first page, the first is a list of 43 times that your wholesale distributor client, the Harvard Drug Group via First Veterinary Supply, sold oxycodone to Dr. Gonzalez-Pujol; do you see that?

Q. And you see that the date of transactions on here indicate -- you can look down the list, you can see that every single one of those transactions was on or after the date of this article.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. So if -- and so at the time, you certainly could have asked for a chargeback report to be run in which you identified sales to Dr. Gonzalez-Pujol; correct?

Q. At the time, as of April 5th, 2009, you could have asked your product manager, or whoever else, to run a chargeback report in which you sought to identify sales to Dr. Gonzalez-Pujol, right?

Q. And you certainly did not tell your wholesale distributor client, Harvard, not to sell to Dr. Gonzalez after the date of this article; is that correct?

Q. And is it fair to assume, since there were 43 sales to him after the date of that article, that nobody else at Mallinckrodt told Harvard not to sell to Dr. Gonzalez-Pujol?

Q. Now, you would agree with me, would you not, that it is -- it was not appropriate for Mallinckrodt to continue allowing Dr. Pujol to purchase Mallinckrodt oxycodone after the date of this article?

Q. Can you think of any reason why it would be appropriate to continue allowing sales of oxycodone to a physician who's been publicly identified as participating in diversion and illegal drug trafficking?

Q. Yes. Can you?

Q. So that's a "no"?

Q. So if you turn to the -- if you look at the next group of transactions, you'll see in the highlighted column, in the chargeback report that I've given you, there's Dr. Seinfeld, and there's

Q. And so these are 81 transactions that occurred after the date of this article in which she -- in which she is specifically identified in which she purchased oxycodone from -- manufactured by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And can you think of any reason why it would be appropriate to continue allowing downstream customer, Amy Seinfeld, to purchase Mallinckrodt oxy after the date of this article?

Q. But can you think of any reason why it would be appropriate to continue allowing the sale of oxycodone --

Q. Let me finish -- to a downstream customer who has been specifically identified in an article about diversion?

Q. You mentioned before that you did read articles, and articles were sent to you. Was it your practice to look to see if any of your wholesale distributor customers were identified in the articles?

Q. Okay. And would you, then, investigate to see, learn anything more about their downstream customers?

Q. And so if you go to the third category of transactions, identified on this report from Mallinckrodt's chargeback system, again, you see that, here, there are eight transactions between -- there's eight transactions in which Harvard Drug Group via First Veterinary Supply is selling oxy to downstream customer South Florida Pain; do you see that?

Q. And prior to seeing this article that I presented to you, had you ever heard of South Florida Pain?

Q. Can you think of any reason why it would be appropriate for Mallinckrodt to allow its downstream customer, Harvard Drug Group, to sell Mallinckrodt product to South Florida Pain in light of its reputation for engaging in diversion and illegal practices?

Q. Was it your understanding that your product managers and others who were involved in compliance read articles about controlled substances that were being shipped around the country?

Q. You've been handed what's marked Exhibit 17, which has Bates number MNK-T1 0000559192. This is an e-mail from Victor Borelli to Ginger Collier, dated August 5th, 2010; is that correct?

Q. And the Subject, it says, "Keysource Oxycodone Sales"; do you see that?

Q. And if you look down into the body of the e-mail, the e-mail's from Kate Muhlenkamp, and she writes, "Vic - Per our conversation please find attached the graph showing the transition of Oxycodone Sales from HD Smith to Keysource of the last several months. I removed the bottle numbers, etc., so you should be able to share the graph with Keysource, as just denotes scale. Additionally, we had Steve reach out to HD Smith to find out what business they had walked away from. Attached is a list of customers that they have either shut down or severely restricted. We are not suggesting that Keysource adhere to HD Smith's methods, but thought it might be helpful for them to have a list of accounts that a similar business has deemed suspicious." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And HD Smith was one of your wholesale distributor clients; is that right?

Q. And do you recall being asked by Ms. Muhlenkamp to reach out to HD Smith to find out what business they had walked away from?

Q. Do you have any recollection, at all, about the matters that are discussed in this e-mail?

Q. And what's your understanding of why they weren't comfortable with the business they were walking away from in Florida?

Q. Well, you asked HD Smith, so do you have any recollection of what they said?

Q. Did you ask them why?

Q. And then the e-mail goes on to say -- state, "Steve asked HD Smith how they identified these accounts and HD Smith noted the following." Do you see that list of bullet points?

Q. Can you read the first one?

Q. Can you explain to me the significance of that?

Q. And so if the ratio was skewed in favor of controlled substances, that would be an indication of something that was potentially suspicious?

Q. Can you read the second bullet?

Q. And what does that mean?

Q. And why was that something that was utilized by HD Smith to identify suspicious customers?

Q. Do you have any understanding of why?

Q. Okay. Can you read the next bullet point?

Q. And can you explain why that would be a reason to identify customers as suspicious?

Q. And what does that mean?

Q. Okay. How does that correlation indicate the possibility of something being suspicious?

Q. Okay. And this says, "excess orders." Do you have an understanding of what that means?

Q. Okay. And what about -- can you read the next bullet?

Q. And what's the significance of that?

Q. They were suspicious of dispensing physician's --

Q. Okay. Well, did you speak to them, so did you get any further information that you recall?

Q. And is this suggesting that they stopped providing controlled substances to dispensing physicians?

Q. Can you read the next bullet point?

Q. What does that mean to you?

Q. Okay. And so this was the list when you called HD Smith. These were the characteristics that they identified for accounts that they walked away from; is that right?

Q. If you turn the page --

Q. Well, the first page, it indicates there's an attachment, and then the next page is the attachment, and it's a list of accounts that HD Smith either shut down or severely restricted; is that right?

Q. Okay. That's what the e-mail says. It says, "Attached is a list of customers that they have either shut down or severely restricted."

Q. Right? So this list was given to Mallinckrodt. You got this list from HD Smith, right?

Q. And did you help them in any way prepare the list?

Q. And what did you do with the list when you got it?

Q. And since this is a list of downstream customers of your wholesale distributor client, HD Smith, transactions involving any of these downstream customers would be reflected in the chargeback system, right?

Q. So you got this list from HD Smith, you apparently turned this list over, and then Mr. Borelli was supposed to use this list when talking to his wholesale distributor client, KeySource, that was taking over HD Smith's customers; is that right?

Q. Is that your recollection? Is that what the e-mail says?

Q. I'd have to ask Vic Borelli what he did with the list, right?

Q. But in terms of what you did with the list --

Q. So this was a list of accounts that your wholesale distributor client deemed suspicious?

Q. So once you had this list, did you go into the chargeback system and see if any of your other wholesale distributor clients were continuing to sell to any of these suspicious downstream customers?

Q. But that is certainly something that you could have done, right?

Q. And you didn't do that?

Q. You've been handed what's marked Exhibit 18, which is another chargeback report that we've run from the data produced by Mallinckrodt. The Native File Bates number is MNK-T1 0000264296. Now, Masters Pharmaceuticals was one of your wholesale distributor customers; is that right?

Q. Okay. At some point in time, that account was turned over to you by Victor Borelli; is that right?

Q. And do you have a recollection of when that occurred?

Q. So if you look at the spreadsheet that I've handed you, this is a sort on Masters Pharmaceuticals, additionally sorting on downstream customer, a Lam's Pharmacy; do you see that?

Q. And if you look over at the Invoice Date column, you'll see that there are a series of transactions that occurred after the date of the e-mail we looked at a moment ago, the transactions that occurred after August 5th, 2010. Do you see that?

Q. Here, let me highlight it for you.

Q.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. So after the date you learned from HD Smith that it had cut off Lam Pharmacy because it was suspicious, your other wholesale distributor client, Masters Pharmaceutical, continued to sell oxycodone 30-milligram tabs to Lam's Pharmacy; is that what this shows?

Q. So if you had taken that list that HD Smith gave you in which they identified suspicious downstream customers and you had shared that with all of your other wholesale distributor customers, you could have stopped them from selling to this pharmacy that HD Smith had identified as suspicious; is that right?

Q. Okay. And the timing of when they were your account, we can sort that out from records that

Q. Okay. And so if we have documents that indicate that in -- from August of 2010 forward, through June of '11, that Masters was your client, then you would agree with me that you could have taken the information you learned from HD Smith and shared it with --

Q. But you know the information was shared with you by HD Smith because you got it?

Q. Right. And HD Smith gave you the information about Lam Pharmacy on August 5th, 2010, and you could have shared that with your other wholesale distributors customers, who also sold to Lam's Pharmacy, but you did not do so?

Q. But you didn't do that?

Q. Can you explain to me why HD Smith was able to identify that Lam Pharmacy was suspicious, but apparently Masters Pharmaceuticals could not?

Q. And based upon knowing your customer, is there something about Masters that you recall that would suggest that they were less careful about identifying suspicious --

Q. And what difference does that make?

Q. And that would make it harder for someone like Masters to identify suspicious downstream customers?

Q. And is it your understanding that Masters had any less responsibility to identify downstream customers than wholesale distributors?

Q. Well, I try to help with highlighting.

Q. You've been handed what's marked Exhibit 19, which is a press release from the United States Department of Justice for the District of Nevada, and this states, "A Las Vegas pharmacy has entered into a settlement agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice to resolve civil allegations that it violated federal drug laws." Do you see that?

Q. And do you see that this -- the pharmacy that's discussed in this press release is Lam's Pharmacy?

Q. And in the second paragraph of the press release, this states, "The agreement states that the DEA conducted an investigation concerning the receipt and distribution of and record-keeping for certain controlled substances that were received and distributed by Lam's Pharmacy during the period May 1, 2006, through February 1, 2012, and that based on that investigation, the DEA alleges that the pharmacy violated civil provisions of the Controlled Substances Act." Do you see that?

Q. So HD Smith figured out that Lam's Pharmacy was suspicious in August of 2010, and as we saw from this last chargeback report, Masters continued to sell to Lam after that date. Is it your understanding that Masters essentially continued to sell Mallinckrodt oxycodone to Lam's Pharmacy, up until the point that the DEA shut down Lam's Pharmacy?

Q. Mr. Becker, you've been handed what's marked Exhibit 20, MNK-T1 0000448041, and this appears to be a list of your clients in -- as of 2010; is that correct?

Q. And if you look at column A, it states, "Steve Becker, NAM - Minnesota." That's you?

Q. And that's national account manager?

Q. And then there's a list of your clients?

Q. And so we've had a number of -- number of instances today in which you indicated you weren't sure when an entity was your client or was not.

Q. According to this list, can you just read -- well, I'll read the clients, as of 2010, that were your clients, and it was "Optisource LLC"; is that correct?

Q. And "Anda"; is that correct?

Q. And "Associate Pharmacies, Inc.", correct?

Q. And "Cedardale"; is that correct?

Q. "United Drugs"?

Q. "Epic"?

Q. "Harvard"?

Q. And is that Harvard Drug Group?

Q. "Henry Schein"?

Q. "HD Smith"?

Q. "PBA True Care Pharmacy"?

Q. "Kinray Wholesale"?

Q. "Pharmacy Select Group"?

Q. "Cesar Castillo, Inc."?

Q. "Masters"?

Q. "Premiere"?

Q. Okay. So those were your clients as of 2010?

Q. And if you look at column O, which is on the next page, there's a -- the heading of the column says, "November Net Margin" and "Quota Attainment." Can you explain to me what quota attainment is?

Q. And how did the quota come about?

Q. And was it the practice that if you beat the sales goal for a client that the quota would be increased for that client?

Q. And was the goal generally to grow sales with each of your customers?

Q. Okay. So if you look down this list of quota attainment, a number of these indicate that you exceeded a quota; is that right?

Q. So for the first one, which is number 4, which is OptiSource, you were at 119.3 percent of your quota?

Q. So this means that in the -- if I'm reading this right, for fiscal year 2009, you exceeded the quotas; is that right?

Q. And then, if you go down the list a bit, you'll see for column 8, and that's United Drugs, you exceeded the quota and you were at 123.4 percent; do you see that?

Q. And if you go down a little bit further, number 10, that's Harvard Drug; do you see that?

Q. And what was the amount that you exceeded your quota for Harvard Drug in 2009?

Q. Well, it says, "Quota Attainment" and a percent. What's the number for Harvard Drug, which is line 10?

Q. Okay. So you more than tripled the quota, and you're looking at the first column H, which is for November?

Q. And if you go down to 0, "Net Margin," "Quota Attainment," what does that mean?

Q. Okay. And so for the margin, you exceeded that goal by -- well, the percentage was 559.9 percent; is that correct?

Q. And if you go down a couple more entries, you have line 12, which is HD Smith.

Q. And for them, you exceeded the sales quota. You're at 133 percent; is that right? 133.3?

Q. And on net quota margin, you were at 132.9 percent?

Q. And was a report like this, describing your quota and quota attainment, something that was prepared every year?

Q. Right.

Q. And is it your -- did you see this report when it was created?

Q. Okay. And so you were responsible for creating the reports for your clients?

Q. Right.

Q. And did you create a report like this every year?

Q. So how many times a year did you create this report?

Q. And so you would just update it over the course of the year?

Q. And then the following year, would you do the same?

Q. So there should be one of these reports for every year that you were employed by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you recall when that was?

Q. Can you think of any reason why there is not a report like this for 2006 or 2007?

Q. How about --

Q. And do you have an understanding of why you were able to exceed your quotas by substantial amounts during this time frame?

Q. And for the time period that we're looking at here, 2009 and 2010, do you recall whether sales of oxycodone enabled you to exceed these quotas by such margins?

Q. Okay. Do you recall how much it helped?

Q. Mr. Becker, you've been handed what's marked Exhibit 21, which is a series of reports, with a cover e-mail prepared by you, sent to Jennifer Bullerdick, Lisa Lundergan, Penny Myers, and Natalie Kayich. Who are the rec- -- and this is dated May 10, 2011.

Q. And did you report to all of those product managers or --

Q. Okay. So what's their relationship to you?

Q. Okay. If you look at the body of your e-mail, there are a number of attachments, and you write, "Attached for your review are my account backgrounders that I complete at the beginning of each fiscal year."

Q. "I thought I would share these with you to help you know our goals as I have set them for the accounts. The information may be helpful for you to see how they operate and what type of business we do with them as a snap-shot." Do you recall preparing these reports and sending this e-mail?

Q. And is this something that you did every year?

Q. And were product managers responsible for specific products?

Q. And so the list of names you have here, were they each responsible for different products identified in these reports?

Q. So who was responsible for oxycodone?

Q. And again, that would be something reflected in documents maintained by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And was anyone responsible for more than one product?

Q. And so someone, the same person, could be responsible for oxycodone and oxy APAP?

Q. Were they grouped around similar products?

Q. Okay. Well, let's look through, and for the record, this is a series of what Mr. Becker has referred to as backgrounder reports for his clients. The order in which the exhibit is assembled is not the order in which these reports were produced. They were originally alphabetical, and I've sorted them to be according to the rank provided by Mr. Becker, which will explain the Bates numbers, but if you turn to the first page, it indicates, this is your report for Cardinal; is that right?

Q. And you indicate that for 2010, its Account Rank was 1; do you see that?

Q. So that means this was your biggest customer in 2010?

Q. In terms of sales?

Q. And below that, it says, "Kinray 2010" and "Account Rank 5." What's the relationship between Kinray and Cardinal?

Q. And Kinray was a wholesale distributor?

Q. Okay. And you see the information that you've collected for each one of your clients, starting with Cardinal, starts with current full year sales; do you see that?

Q. And so that shows the sales --

Q. Fiscal year that Cardinal while your customer purchased from you?

Q. And that includes Kinray as well, right?

Q. Do you see for the next group of -- next people, full year 2011, "Top 5 Product Sales"; do you see that?

Q. Can you read for me what the number one top product was on that list?

Q. And below that?

Q. All right. And so this shows that -- and do you know what these these numbers are dollars of sales? Is that what we're looking at?

Q. If you look further down the list of top sales, there's a number of other controlled substances; is that right?

Q. And then on the next column below that, next table, full year 2011, "Top 5 Negative Product Sales" --

Q. -- and this is a list of products where sales had declined; is that right?

Q. And yet the total dollar amount of those sales, if you just ranked based on dollars, you would see that oxycodone, as indicated up above, is the top seller, and if you move down the list, oxy/APAP is in second place at 751,172; do you see that?

Q. And then, if you move down below that, you see, although sales declined, oxycodone HCL 15 was at 437,000?

Q. Right. Looking further down on your Executive Summary of Account, you indicate, "Sales are running behind quota as we struggle to meet historical shipment demands." Can you explain what that means to me?

Q. So the demand for the controlled substances you were selling to Cardinal was outstripping the supply that Mallinckrodt --

Q. Right. You couldn't ship enough product to meet the demand?

Q. Turning to the next page, the first bullet says, "Secure contract agreement on 852 & 867 data exchange for Kinray." Can you tell me what that means?

Q. Okay. And under "Challenges," the first item is "Maintaining the sales pace of 2010."

Q. Was that a goal of yours to try and maintain that sales pace?

Q. And that was Mallinckrodt's goal as well?

Q. If you turn to the next report --

Q. -- that's your backgrounder for OptiSource?

Q. That indicates that's "Account Rank 2"; is that right?

Q. And if you look at the table you prepared for fiscal year 2010, "Top 5 Product Sales," can you read for me, please, the number one product?

Q. Okay. So in first place is oxycodone 30 milligram. What's second?

Q. And what's third?

Q. Of oxycodone?

Q. Okay. If you look down to "Primary Objectives" --

Q. it states, "Maintaining our presence as primary on the 2011 bid is our biggest issue we face due to our inability to supply products for the remainder of the year." Can you explain to me what that's about?

Q. And do you recall whether those backorder issues were, in particular, with regard to oxycodone?

Q. If you look further down, first bullet point, "Overcome the DEA product quota issues to maintain sales in 2011." Can you tell me what that refers to?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Go ahead and explain it to me.

Q. I would like you to explain it.

Q. So you used up all your quota?

Q. Okay. And so these reports that we're going through were created on May 10, 2011; correct?

Q. So if you go down your bullet points, one of the items is "Hydrocodone opportunities." Does that mean that you were hoping to sell more hydrocodone?

Q. Okay. In 2011?

Q. And then, if you turn the page to "Challenges," again, one of your challenges is "Maintaining the current sales," so your goal was to maintain the current sales from 2010, for OptiSource, for controlled substances in 2011?

Q. If you turn to the next report, which is for HD Smith --

Q. -- that's Account Rank number 3; do you see that?

Q. And can you please read to me the first Top 5 Product -- the number one product for HD Smith?

Q. Okay. So for yet another client, the top-selling product that you're reporting on here was oxycodone, in its varieties, sold by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And if you look down to your Executive Summary, you state "2010 sales had steady growth and are fueled by Oxycodone products"?

Q. So earlier, when I was asking you about whether you remember any particular product, explaining your sales numbers in this time frame, does this refresh your recollection that it was the oxycodone products?

Q. And if you turn to the next page, under "Challenges," you once again indicate "Maintaining the current sales," so again, I take it that one of your objectives for 2011 was to maintain the volume of sales for these oxycodone and other products that you had in 2010?

Q. Okay. If you turn to the next report, this is for Masters --

Q. -- which is Account Rank number 4 for you?

Q. And if you look down at Top 5 Product Sales, can you please read the first two items on that list?

Q. Okay. So that's oxycodone HCL 30 milligram is number 1; is that right?

Q. And number 2 is oxycodone HCL 15 milligram?

Q. Okay. If you look down below, under the Executive Summary, you write, "Sales were down significantly due to full stocking of Mallinckrodt products at the wholesale level." Can you tell me what that means?

Q. Okay. And then it says, "Last years sales were inflated due to our back orders and our persistence to ship products to Masters over regional wholesale accounts." Can you explain that?

Q. And you say you "inherited this account." Does this summary that you prepared suggest that you were responsible for this account for fiscal year 2010?

Q. If you turn to the next page, which follows on the Challenges, list of bullets again, one of your challenges is identified as "Maintaining the current sales"; is that right?

Q. And so again, your objective for this account for Masters, for which the top two products are oxycodone, your goal for 2011 was to maintain the current sales from 2010?

Q. So let's go to the next summary, backgrounders that you prepared for Kinray?

Q. Account Rank number 5; do you see that?

Q. Can you please read the first product, number 1 sales for you, for this wholesale distributor client?

Q. Okay. What's number 2?

Q. Look down under your Executive Summary. You state, "Sales finished ahead of last year's pace and were being fueled by CII products."

Q. And that's controlled substances schedule II products?

Q. And that includes oxycodone?

Q. And if you turn to the next page, you once again indicate "Maintaining the current sales" is one of your objectives?

Q. For your fifth ranked client, top products, oxycodone and hydromorphone for 2011, one of your objectives is maintaining the sales rate of 2010?

Q. Can you turn to the next customer of yours, Account Rank number 6?

Q. This is "Pharmacy Select"; do you see that?

Q. And again, you have a table that you list the top selling product for that client. Can you please read to me what that top-selling product is?

Q. And then down below on your Executive Summary, you write "Sales grew steadily for 2010 due to CII sales increases"; is that correct?

Q. And that, again, would refer to oxycodone?

Q. Okay. Let's turn to the next report for Anda, Account Rank number 7 for you.

Q. Under top selling products for fiscal year 2010, can you please read to me the two top-selling products?

Q. Okay. So the oxycodone HCL 30 milligram was the top-selling product, right?

Q. In second place, oxycodone HCL 5 milligram?

Q. Under your Executive Summary, you state, "2010 sales were up 128% with units up 145% over 2009 and showed slight growth due to the addition of Oxycodone 5mg and 30mg in a secondary position with their source program." Can you explain what that means?

Q. If you turn to the Challenges for your client Anda, your 7th ranked client, top sales, oxy 30. You indicate "Maintaining the sales pace of 2010," so that was your objective for this account as well?

Q. Turn to your next customer, Harvard Drug?

Q. Account Rank number 8. Can you please read to me, one at a time, the top selling products that you sold to Harvard Drug during fiscal year 2010?

Q. Okay. And what was second place?

Q. Okay. If you go down under Executive Summary of Account, you write, "Sales in 2010 are up 79% over 2009 and are being fueled by CII products mainly from the Oxycodone product families," correct?

Q. So once again, you have a customer for which significant growth is occurring, specifically involving oxycodone product families; is that right?

Q. Okay. When did that start being the case?

Q. Do you have any idea at all?

Q. Was it the case when you started working for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Did it start in 2005?

Q. Okay. If we turn to the next page, bullets under "Challenges," once again, you identify "Maintaining the current sales"?

Q. So for this client as well, the number 1 and 2 products are oxy 30 and 15. Your goal is to maintain the sales level of 2010 and 2011?

Q. So we're going to skip one, which I'm sure you're relieved to hear, and go to Cedardale, since we've mentioned Cedardale today, Account Rank number 11. Again, you list the top selling products for fiscal year 2010. Can you please read those products, in order?

Q. So again, the number one sales product for you, selling controlled substances to Cedardale for fiscal year 2010, was oxycodone 30, right?

Q. And the number two product that you sold for fiscal year 2010, to Cedardale, was oxycodone 15 milligram, right?

Q. And if you look down under "Challenges," the first item is "Mallinckrodt's marketing team perception of the account." What does that mean?

Q. Questionable, like you were suspicious of the account or what?

Q. Okay. If you look at the next item, it says, "CII sales imbalance." What does that mean?

Q. And did you examine whether any of your other clients had that same imbalance?

Q. Okay. But we've seen on a lot of reports that oxycodone was the top one and two products on every report?

Q. So did you examine the sales imbalance for all those other clients?

Q. The third bullet on "Challenges" says, "State of Florida CII sales." What does that refer to?

Q. And why?

Q. And did you examine all of your other accounts for the same suspicious fact?

Q. You didn't have reason with Harvard Drug or Masters or HD Smith to examine whether they had

Q. Turn to the Premiere Group report, Account Rank 12. Again, you list the top sales for your wholesale distributor client here, Premier Group, and what -- can you please read the number one --

Q. Seems like kind of a pattern, doesn't it?

Q. Mr. Becker, you've been handed what's marked Exhibit 22 MNK-T1 0000266735. This is an e-mail string that at the top is from Penny Myers to Jim Rausch, dated May 5th, 2010. Subject line, "RE: HD Smith"; is that correct?

Q. And if you turn to the back to where the e-mail string starts, do you see the e-mail from Penny Myers to you dated May 5th, 2010; Subject, "HD Smith"?

Q. Who is Penny Myers?

Q. Okay. And she sends you an e-mail and she writes, "Steve, HD Smith placed an order for more than 3 times their normal 10mg methadone. It's only 700+ bottles, but we have to give a reason for the increase"; do you see that?

Q. And do you see your response to her above that e-mail?

Q. Dated May 5th, 2010, from you to Penny Myers. And you write, "Penny, the increase in orders is due to increased compliance and new pharmacies being added to their source program"; do you see that?

Q. That was your response as to why they increased, right?

Q. And if you go to the first page, there's an e-mail from Jim Rausch to Penny Myers. And he writes, "Penny, sorry for the ignorance but what is increased compliance?"

Q. And then above that Penny Myers' response to Jim Rausch on May 5th, 2010, at 1:38, and she writes, "No problem. When we offer a price, we ask for the estimated quantity that they will purchase. If they don't purchase close to the amount they estimated, we encourage them to do that, or their price may not remain the same, or their VIP provision may change." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. So going back to the beginning, there was an order flagged by Penny Myers. And so what she does is she asks you to go out and figure out why the order amount is increased; is that right?

Q. And this order -- HD Smith was one of your wholesale distributor customers?

Q. Okay. And so whatever it was that Penny Myers was doing, she needed to talk to you in order to figure out whether this order was suspicious or not; is that fair?

Q. Okay. And "increased compliance," that term is used. Is the description of increased compliance by Ms. Myers one that you had heard before?

Q. No. At the very top Penny Myers gives an explanation of what -- of what --

Q. No. She just indicates what increased compliance means. And I'm wondering if you had heard that description of "compliance" before?

Q. Right. I'm sorry. You used the expression "increased compliance."

Q. So what does that mean?

Q. Okay. I think I understand what you just said; but based upon the description that Ms. Myers gave here, increased compliance was something that Mallinckrodt did to make sure that

Q. Let's look at her explanation again. "When we offer a price, we ask for the estimated quantity that they will purchase. If they don't purchase close to the amount they estimated, we encourage them to do that, or their price may not remain the same."

Q. Okay. So that's consistent with what I just said, correct?

Q. Let's just move on and try and get this answer.

Q. Why don't you go ahead and explain what you think I need to understand.

Q. Right.

Q. Okay. And so when --

Q. Yes, that's consistent with what she wrote here. And so when the sales department is using the word "increased compliance," as you've done in your e-mail, what you're talking about is making sure that customers are ordering basically up to the amounts that they indicated they would order?

Q. And if they don't do that

Q. And if they don't do that, then they may not get as favorable pricing going forward?

Q. Mr. Becker, you've been handed what's been marked Exhibit 23.

Q. This again is an e-mail string. This time the cover page Bates number MNK-T1 0002940658. The string starts with a message from Karen Harper dated July 13th, 2010, to you. The subject is, "RE: Oxycodone HCL"; is that correct?

Q. If we go to the beginning of the string, you receive an e-mail from Christine Maiolo, who is at Anda; is that correct?

Q. And Anda is one of your wholesale distributor clients?

Q. And Christine Maiolo says to you, "Steve, I just got your message. You're still in a secondary position, but usage has picked up since we brought you in 3 months ago. New forecast- 15mg- 3,000 a month, 30mg- 11,000 a month." And these -- the "15" and the "30" refers to oxycodone HCL?

Q. And the "3,000" refers to the number of bottles?

Q. As does the "11,000"?

Q. And when she says that you're still in the secondary position, that means that they are also buying from another manufacturer who is the primary position?

Q. And you then above the e-mail from Ms. Maiolo, e-mail Jim Rausch and Karen Harper, July 13, 2010, at 8:38 a.m. The subject line is, "Oxycodone HCL," importance is "High"; do you see that?

Q. And you write, "Dear Team, Mallinckrodt is in the secondary position on the Anda Source program, with Qualitest being primary. Anda's initial purchases were 3 months ago. "Since bringing in the Oxycodone products sales have increased significantly with Anda. Mallinckrodt is the markets preferred product and Anda continues to build their business with non-warehousing chain tied to their CSOC program"; do you see that?

Q. And then you indicate the number of bottles of oxycodone that Anda wants to purchase?

Q. Can you explain to me what you mean by "Mallinckrodt is the markets preferred product"?

Q. What do you mean by "color"?

Q. The blue tablet?

Q. Is that your recollection, that they were blue?

Q. And people liked taking blue tablets?

Q. And the innovator of oxycodone was who?

Q. But nonetheless, this is e-mail exchange between you and one of your clients about one of their orders. You then take that and communicate to your product managers that one of your wholesale distributor clients is increasing the amount that they are buying?

Q. And if you turn to the next page, Ms. Harper writes to Jim Rausch with a cc to you and Kate Muhlenkamp on July 13, 2010, at 9:18 a.m. And she writes, "Jim, increased market share, as described below for the ANDA business, is a satisfactory explanation from the Suspicious Order Monitoring perspective. Thanks, Steve, for working through this with us."

Q. So is it your understanding that you were involved in the suspicious order monitoring program here by collecting more information about the order from your client?

Q. Can you explain to me how your explanation resolved any concerns about this being a suspicious order?

Q. So other than this e-mail exchange between you and Christine Maiolo in which she indicates the amount that she's ordering, in your position vis-a-vis their other manufacturers, were there any other information that you collected that would help resolve whether this was a suspicious order?

Q. Did you examine the ratio of controlled substances to noncontrolled substances that Anda was purchasing from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you examine the ratio of products that Anda was selling and shipping to customers in Florida versus other states?

Q. Did you examine the proportion of downstream customers of Anda that were pain clinics or dispensing physicians?

Q. If you go to the top of this e-mail exchange, where the string starts, Ms. Harper writes to you 2:52 p.m. "Steve, Long story, but this just in --- has DEA taken action against ANDA in the Ft. Lauderdale area? Our Security Director was just speaking to a DEA Florida agent who mentioned problems with them . in a discussion about Mallinckrodt providing Oxy placebos and about Sunrise registration surrender." Do you recall that conversation with Ms. Harper?

Q. Do you recall the DEA taking action against Anda?

Q. Do you recall why Ms. Harper is asking you about your understanding of any DEA action against Anda?

Q. Do you know what she's referring to here, the "Oxy placebos"?

Q. Mr. Becker, you've been handed Exhibit 24, Bates number MNK-T1 0004595209. This is an e-mail string that starts at the top with Jim Rausch, dated September 8, 2010, to LouAnn Randall, "RE: H.D. Smith- order 70176900"; do you see that?

Q. And you see that this e-mail string includes e-mail to and from you as well?

Q. So let's go to the back of the string. And if you look at where it starts, Mr. Rausch sends Penny Myers an e-mail on September 7, 2010. And it states, "Penny, we received an order from the Kearny, N.J. location for 900 bottles of code 577101. They average from order history is about 290 bottles per order. Do you know why they would have such a large increase?" Did I read that correctly?

Q. Do you see moving forward from there, Ms. Myers says to -- I guess it's Ms. Randall, September 7, 2010, "LouAnn, Does Steve Becker have HD Smith? Could you please send him this e-mail and ask him to let Jim Rausch know why they are placing such a large order? I don't know if they are afraid that we will run out of quota, but that's not a problem, so I'd rather they didn't start stockpiling. I just wasn't sure if it was Steve's or not." Who is LouAnn Randall?

Q. Okay. And then moving ahead, the string moves on to you at that point, from LouAnn Randall to you, dated September 8, 2010, same subject; "H.D. Smith- order." "Steve, please see Penny's comments below. Do you know why HD Smith is placing this large Methadone order?" Do you see that?

Q. And then up above you respond on September 8, 2010, at 8:13 a.m. And can you read your response?

Q. Okay. And then moving up from there, LouAnn Randall sends your answer on to Penny Myers and cc's you. And says, "Per Steve, this HD Smith order is a legitimate order. Please contact Steve Becker if you have further questions." Do you see that?

Q. So how does your explanation establish that this is a legitimate order?

Q. And other than finding out about what they were doing with their inventory, did you do anything else to investigate whether this order was suspicious?

Q. And looking at what Ms. Randall says to Mr. Rausch, she says, "Per Steve, this HD Smith order is a legitimate order." And so this indicates that the decision as to whether this was

Q. Mr. Becker, you've been handed Exhibit 25, which is another e-mail string, first page MNK-11 0000267546. Top of the string is an e-mail from Kate Muhlenkamp to Jim Rausch, cc'd to you, Order 70178685, importance indicates "High"; is that correct?

Q. Okay. If you go to where this chain starts, Mr. Rausch sends Ms. Muhlenkamp an e-mail September 29, 2010. He writes, "H.D. Smith ordered 960 bottles of 853001" -- is that a SKU number?

Q. -- "their average is 256 over 9 months. Do you know why they have increased their orders? Thanks, Jim"; do you see that?

Q. And up above that Mr. Rausch writes Kate Muhlenkamp, "Kate, two open peculiar order responses needed." First of all, do you know what

Q. Okay. And then the e-mail goes on to state, "You were going to check with Steve Becker Quest Order for Oxycodone. Secondly I need a response on the e-mail below. Thanks." Do you see up above from there Ms. Muhlenkamp in an e-mail dated October 5th, 2010, the next day writes to you, "Steve... can you check on the below order and advise? Additionally, Quest has been increasing their orders on Oxycodone - do you have any background on that? Thanks for your help." So once again here is your product manager and Mr. Rausch contacting you to obtain information about an order that has been identified, as in this case, peculiar; is that right?

Q. And then moving up the chain, you send an e-mail on October 7 at 10:55 a.m. to Kate Muhlenkamp, again the importance is "High." And you write, "Kate in regards to Quest they indicated that their core accounts are requesting Mallinckrodt products over Qualitest and that is what is causing the spike on our sales with them"; do you see that?

Q. "Please let me know if you need any additional information and I will follow up with you on HD Smith and Kinray later today after I speak directly with the buyers."

Q. Right. So you obtained information from your wholesale distributor client and provided that information to Ms. Muhlenkamp; is that right?

Q. And that was the normal course where if an order was identified as suspicious or peculiar, the product manager would contact you, ask you to obtain information from your customer and then the decision as to whether that order was suspicious or not was based upon the information you obtained?

Q. And your explanation sum total which is that their -- Quest indicated that their core accounts are requesting Mallinckrodt products over Qualitest and that is what's causing the spike, how did that rule out that the order was suspicious?

Q. Okay. Did you look into the ratio of controlled substances to noncontrolled substances that Quest was ordering at that time?

Q. How about the ratio of oxycodone to other products?

Q. And how about the ratio of products that this wholesale distributor customer was sending to Florida versus other places?

Q. How about the ratio of pain clinics and dispensing physicians that this wholesale distributor customer of yours was sending its Mallinckrodt product as opposed to other types of customers?

Q. Mr. Becker, you've been handed Exhibit 26, which is another e-mail string from Kate Muhlenkamp to Jim Rausch. And then with other e-mails that involve you. First page has Bates number MNK-T1 0000267735. And you see at the top of the string, it's dated October 7, 2010; is that correct?

Q. If we go to the back of this string, there's an e-mail from Lynne Soja from HD Smith to you and Dena Mando, subject "PO ' 47204618"; do you see that?

Q. That's on October 7, 2010. And the e-mail states, "Sales increased in August and September, and are tracking at an increase for October. The order in question with the increase was for your California DC." What's DC?

Q. Okay. And that was an explanation provided by Ms. Soja. And then above that you see your e-mail to Kate Muhlenkamp at 12:20 p.m.?

Q. You write, "Please see the response from Lynne Soja, buyer for the HD Smith below. Sales are increasing at the DC and tracking to continue."

Q. Correct? So I gather Ms. Muhlenkamp asked a question about this HD Smith order. You asked for the information from Ms. Soja and then you forwarded that information back to Ms. Muhlenkamp; is that right?

Q. Then moving up the string, Ms. Muhlenkamp writes to you at 2:12 p.m. on October 7, "In order to provide a proper response to the DEA, we need to have some color around why they think the orders are increasing? Did they pick up a new customer? Are other manufacturers having supply issues? Let me know." Do you see that?

Q. So once again, there's an order that's been flagged and you are being asked to collect information from your wholesale distributor customer in order to respond to questions about whether the order is suspicious; is that right?

Q. And then if you move up the chain, on October 7, 2010, at 2:23 p.m. you write, "Orders at HD Smith are increasing due to improved contract compliance and additional accounts purchasing from their DC both as primary and on a secondary basis. Also note that the other distributors may be limiting distribution in California. Anda has cut back and Harvard is not shipping." So explain to me why that information resolves whether HD Smith's order is suspicious?

Q. And why was Anda no longer shipping C-II product?

Q. And why was Harvard not shipping anymore?

Q. And so that didn't provide you any concern about whether HD Smith should continue shipping?

Q. And did you examine at that point for HD Smith the ratio of oxycodone to other products it was purchasing from Mallinckrodt?

Q. And did you examine at that point the ratio of HD Smith's downstream customers that were in Florida versus other places?

Q. And this -- I see this reference to improved contract compliance again. That merely means that they are continuing to buy at the rate that they indicated that they would buy as we talked about earlier; is that right?

Q. And then if you look to the beginning of the chain, Ms. Muhlenkamp sends on to Mr. Rausch your explanation and asks him if this is okay; is that right?

Q. So once again, it appears that the information that you obtained from your wholesale distributor customer was being used by product manager, Mr. Rausch, to determine whether the order was suspicious; is that right?

Q. Does it appear, however, that they're relying on the information that you provided?

Q. Mr. Becker, you've been handed another e-mail string. This time the beginning top of the page is an e-mail from Charity Keeven to Victor Borelli with a cc to Jane Williams, dated 3/14/2001 , Bates number MNK-T1 0000560836; is that correct?

Q. So if you look at the e-mail from Ms. Keeven; who is that?

Q. All right. Well, the subject of this e-mail is, "RE: Backorder Priority customers"; do you see that?

Q. The subject of the e-mail is, "RE: Backorder Priority customers"; do you see that?

Q. And it indicates there's an attachment which is a backorder priority customers spreadsheet; do you see that?

Q. Right. The e-mail indicates that there's an attachment.

Q. All right. So if you turn to the next page, or actually go to the bottom of the page, the e-mail from Charity Keeven on March 7, 2011 --

Q. -- goes to you and a number of other people as well; is that right?

Q. And the people that are included on here are national account managers?

Q. And product managers. And the subject is "Backorder Priority customers," right?

Q. And if you turn the page, there's an e-mail from Ms. Keeven and she writes, "Hi Everyone, Attached is a list of our customers and the priority in which we have been shipping backorders. The first tab 'Class of Trade' lists the customers and their class of trade in the order of which we ship. The second tab product family' is broken out by product family" -- and I'll skip. And then it says, "The third tab 'Not shipping Oxy 30' lists the customers were are currently not shipping Oxy 30 mg and their average demand." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Do you recall receiving this --

Q. -- spreadsheet that indicates backorder priority customers?

Q. Do you recall there being a priority list made of shipment to customers?

Q. Turn to the attachment.

Q. Handing you the attachment that is the first tab identified on that e-mail. And can you look at that for a moment and explain how the priority functions, what the order is?

Q. Mr. Becker, you're looking at Exhibit 28, which is the attachment to the e-mail we were talking about with priority -- backorder priority customers. And if you look at that list, you'll see there's a number of customers with the class of trade that says "Retail" followed by a group "Retail Buying Group" --

Q. -- followed by "Mail Order"

Q. -- and on down the list.

Q. Do you have any understanding of the reason for this particular order of priority?

Q. Yes, yes.

Q. And you don't have any understanding? Where did your customers fall on this list?

Q. And do you have any understanding why retail would be the top priority for backorders?

Q. Who are your major wholesalers?

Q. AmerisourceBergen is listed under distributor, Cardinal is listed under distributor.

Q. So and do you have any understanding why all of the distributors are in the bottom priority for backorder fulfillment?

Q. And, Mr. Becker, if you turn the page, you'll see the "Distributor" column continues and McKesson is on the list.

Q. But I did misspeak, "GPO" and "Repackagers" are below "Distributors." What are GPOs?

Q. And what are repackagers?

Q. Okay.

Q. Mr. Becker, you've been handed Exhibit 29, which is an e-mail from you to Chrissy Madden dated April 11, 2001 , subject line is, "RE: Oxy 30." And if you look down at the bottom, it starts with an e-mail from Ms. Madden, who is at Masters, to you on April 7, 2011; subject, "Oxy 30." She writes, "We are out. Any chance of getting some shipped asap? I know you are allocating just don't want to sub with kvk"? So --

Q. Mr. Becker, you have in front of you Exhibit 29, which again is an e-mail string that starts from Ms. Madden at Masters to you. She indicates that Masters is out of oxy. And she writes, "I know you're allocating just don't want to sub with kvk." Can you explain what she means by that?

Q. So she's saying to you that basically if you don't get her the product that she needs, she'll go to another manufacturer for the product?

Q. Okay. And then you write a response to her above that and you write, "Dear Chrissy, The update I last sent you still holds and we do not have any product available to ship. "Please note that the Oxycodone 30mg will continue to have rolling back orders through the spring." And again is that because Mallinckrodt had sold out of all of the oxy 30 that it had at that point?

Q. Okay. But whatever it was, Mallinckrodt did not have the product to deliver to Masters, right?

Q. And you write, "We at Mallinckrodt apologize for the inconvenience that we have caused in our service level to Masters and I will keep you updated on availability."

Q. So were you concerned at all at that point in April of 2011 about the amount of oxy 30 that Masters was ordering from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Mr. Becker, you have in front of you Exhibit 30, which is an e-mail chain, top of which is an e-mail from you to Charity Keeven, dated May 4th, 2011; subject, "RE: OXYCODONE 30MG." Let's flip to the back of that chain. Do you see Tom Donohue from Value Drug sends you an e-mail on April 28th, 2011; subject, "OXYCODONE 30." And he writes, "Steve, Need an update on Oxycodone 30mg. Would McKesson have this stock? I haven't had for roughly 6 to 8 weeks"; do you see that?

Q. Very last page.

Q. Okay. And you see your response you send on to Ms. Keeven, you've attached the e-mail from your wholesale distributor --

Q. -- client. And you write, "Charity, Value Drug is in need of Oxycodone 30mg. Can we send them some so they can service some of their accounts that use McKesson"; do you see that?

Q. And then up above that at 12:05 on the same day, she responds, "Hi Steve, Unfortunately we are in such short supply right now that we have to stick with the original prioritization of customers for Oxy 30. Value Drug was on the list of customers that we planned to not ship during this time."

Q. Do you recall why Value Drug was on the list to not ship as of that time?

Q. And do you see moving up that chain on April 29th at 9:04 you send an e-mail to Ms. Keeven, cc to Jane Williams; the subject is "OXYCODONE 30MG"? "Any update, I request that you take some product from the HD Smith allocations and send them some product on Oxycodone 30"; do you see that?

Q. Do you recall why you asked for that to happen?

Q. So there was -- again Mallinckrodt did not have enough product to keep all of its customers happy?

Q. Is that fair?

Q. They needed more oxy 30 than Mallinckrodt had on hand to provide?

Q. If you move up chain, there's an e-mail from Jane Williams to Charity Keeven and to you. And again, this is all attached. It's one long string. This is on April 29th at 9:28 a.m. And Ms. Williams writes, "Hi Steve, I put a recommendation out to Charity and Lisa yesterday copying Ginger. It was more of an ongoing philosophy. "As it relates to this specific situation with HD Smith. You are aware of the extremely limited supply we have available. We have not made a change to our allocation process or the priority customers as of this moment in time." And then skipping down below, it says, "Charity and Lisa, with this message I am requesting that we make a small amount of product available to Value Drug and take the allocation from Cardinal. By small I mean no more than 60 bottles"; do you see that?

Q. Okay. And then if you move forward, there's an e-mail from Ms. Keeven to you and to others, continuing in this string, May 4, 2011, 11:56 a.m. And she writes, "Hi Steve, I just saw your e-mail regarding Value Drug and Oxy 30... Have they received the 60 bottles I allocated to them Friday? Is this in addition to that," right?

Q. Okay. And moving up you respond, "Yes they got the 60. I know we are under" -- I think you meant to say "severe"; but it says, "I know we are under serve stains but OptiSource accounts are pushing me hard to delivery. As you can see in the e-mails, this one and Rochester Drug other accounts serviced by the big 3 are getting products and the pharmacies are starting" -- "stating" but I think you meant "starting that they will change wholesalers. "We are now hurting the OptiSource wholesalers as accounts are looking to move their business." So here again it appears that your customers are growing quite upset that you don't have enough oxy to satisfy all their demands; is that right?

Q. And do you recall why, what's going on with the big three and why they are able to provide product when --

Q. And then moving up, Ms. Keeven responds to you on May 4th, 2011, at 12:16, "Steve, I am happy to send whatever is needed to keep the business, I just wanted to make sure it was in addition and Friday's allocation was not overlooked. It appears that Value Drug has 1908 bottles on order. I can ship around 500 bottles in case quantity. Would that be all right?" Do you see that?

Q. And then moving to the next page you respond, "Yes please ship."

Q. Right? And then moving up from there there's confirmation from Ms. Keeven that "492 bottles out of the 900 order" -- "out of the 900 ordered has been allocated to their order and scheduled to ship overnight." Okay.

Q. So in this exchange, if we go all the way back to the beginning it starts with your customer indicating to you that they need oxy 30; is that right?

Q. And you were told that they weren't allowed to have any because none was going to be allocated to them, right?

Q. After sending e-mail back and forth with Ms. Keeven and others, the decision was made to ship 60 bottles, even though they weren't allocated any in the first place; is that right?

Q. And then after further exchange, instead of 60 bottles -- or in addition to 60 bottles, another 492 bottles were shipped to the client; is that right?

Q. You have Exhibit 31. This is an e-mail from Jane Williams to you dated August 31st, 2012; Subject, "RE Smith Drug Hydro/Apap SOM inquiry"; do you see that?

Q. So if you go to the beginning of this string, you'll see at the bottom of the first page there's an e-mail from Eileen Spaulding to Jennifer Bullerdick. And it states, "Jennifer, 3 orders have gone on hold for SOM review for Smith Drug for Hydro/Apap 7.5 and 10"--I'm skipping some of the numbers--"for their different DC's. The orders placed are significantly higher than their past ordering history even taking account" -- "even taking into account that they might be ordering today for next week due to the Labor Day holiday. "Can you provide any additional information for use in the SOM review?" Do you see that?

Q. And HD Smith was -- or Smith Drug was your customer; is that right?

Q. And so you were then e-mailed by Ms. Bullerdick on August 31st, 2012, at 12:18. I'm sorry. Below that at 10:55 a.m. She writes, "Steve - the following orders were flagged due to the increased quantity of the order compared to their historical demand. "Please have them cancel these orders and resubmit." Do you see that?

Q. And can you read your response to Ms. Bullerdick in the e-mail above that?

Q. Okay. So who is Jennifer Bullerdick?

Q. Okay. So the product manager told you to cancel the order because it had been identified as in the SOM inquiry; is that right?

Q. Right. And your response was you told her that you would not cancel the order; is that right?

Q. Okay. And do you recall whether you investigated why there was an increase?

Q. Do you recall what information, if any, you obtained from Smith Drug?

Q. Okay. So this is another example, though, of an order that came up as being potentially suspicious where the call went out to you to collect the information necessary to determine whether the order should ship or not; is that right?

Q. So during 2009 and 2010, as we saw, your sales increased substantially, wouldn't you say?

Q. And in particular, your sales of oxycodone, for most of your customers, was the leading product that you sold; is that right?

Q. Mr. Becker, in 2011, the amount of oxycodone you were able to sell decreased; is that right?

Q. Do you recall that a number of clients of yours had their licenses suspended by the DEA in 2011?

Q. Okay. And did that have an impact on your sales?

Q. You don't recall one way or the other?

Q. You've been handed Exhibit 32, which is an e-mail from Victor Borelli to you, dated June 15th, 2010, with the subject, "CBSNews.com: US Yanks License Of Michigan-based Drug Wholesaler"; is that correct?

Q. And Mr. Borelli sent this, and he writes to you, "FYI regard Harvard Drug."

Q. And what is attached to Mr. Borelli's e-mail is a story from Associated Press, that starts, "The government has suspended the license of a Michigan-based drug wholesaler after finding that many customers in Florida were illegally distributing painkillers"; do you see that?

Q. And was this the first you heard of the suspension of Harvard's license?

Q. Do you recall whether you learned this information from Mr. Borelli versus through your own --

Q. But whether your wholesale distributor clients had their license suspended with the DEA was an important matter for you, correct?

Q. Whether a wholesale distributor customer of yours had its license suspended by the DEA was an important matter for you?

Q. Right, it was an important matter for you?

Q. And you paid attention to news and press releases and the like that indicated if a customer of yours had its license suspended --

Q. Mr. Becker, you've been handed Exhibit 33, which is a press release from the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration. And the caption of the press release is "Michigan Pharmaceutical Supplier'S DEA License Suspended-Harvard Drug Group, LLC distributed 13 million doses of Oxy from 2008 through 2010"; do you see that?

Q. And as we've discussed Harvard Drug Group was a wholesale distributor client of yours; is that correct?

Q. And as we've seen, it was a client of yours during that time period as well, right?

Q. This press release indicates, "Harvard Drug Group, LLC, based in Livonia Michigan, has been the subject of DEA investigation that alleges the company was selling large quantities of controlled substances to pharmacies, primarily in Florida. The investigation has revealed that several of Harvard's largest purchasers of oxycodone were engaged in schemes to dispense controlled substances based on prescriptions that were written for other than legitimate medical purposes. The investigation revealed that Harvard Drug Group, LLC, distributed over 13 million dosage units of oxycodone products to customers in the two year time frame between March 2008 and March 2010." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Now, the information about Harvard Drug companies' purchases of oxycodone from Mallinckrodt was tracked in Mallinckrodt's chargeback system, right?

Q. And as we talked about earlier, that information included the number of dosage units of oxycodone products that were purchased by Harvard Drug Group; is that right?

Q. Okay. And in addition, the chargeback system tracked what happened to those units, meaning the downstream customers to which they were sold, right?

Q. And the chargeback system tracked that information based on transaction dates, correct?

Q. Do you know if Harvard was buying oxycodone from anyone other than Mallinckrodt during the time that they were your client?

Q. Mr. Becker, you've been handed Exhibit 34, which is an e-mail from Kate Muhlenkamp to, among other persons, you. And it's dated June 18th, 2010. The subject is "Oxycodone Sales in Florida - Summary"; do you see that?

Q. So this e-mail was sent three days after the press release about Harvard Drug having its license suspended, correct?

Q. And if you read the first paragraph of Ms Muhlenkamp's e-mail, she writes, "As many of you have probably heard, Harvard Drug's license to handle controlled substances was suspended this week. The predominant reason for the suspension was the sale of Oxycodone in the state of Florida. Please see the attached article for additional information and details"; do you see that? Down further, she notes, "Additionally, it came to our attention that Sunrise Wholesaler's DEA license was suspended pending further investigation. Although the official reason for the suspension has not been named, we are under the impression that it was also due to the sale of Oxycodone in the state of Florida," right?

Q. And below that, she writes, "The two wholesaler/distributor license suspensions led us to do a more in-depth analysis of Covidien's Oxycodone sales in the state of Florida. We specifically focused on doctors' offices and pain clinics. It appears that Harvard and Sunrise were the dominant players in this market with over 50 percent of their total sales coming from this market"; do you see that?

Q. Now, the information that Ms. Muhlenkamp indicates Mallinckrodt will be doing a closer look at is information contained in the chargeback system; is that right?

Q. And so collecting information by utilizing the chargeback system, Mallinckrodt was able to identify the transactions that were with doctors' offices and pain clinics?

Q. Right?

Q. The data in the chargeback system allowed Mallinckrodt to identify transactions with doctors' offices and pain clinics?

Q. That same data allowed Mallinckrodt to determine that Harvard and Sunrise were the dominant players in the market with over 50 percent of their total sales coming from this market, right?

Q. Okay. And as we talked about before, at any point in time prior to the license suspension of Harvard, you too could have asked for information from the chargeback system on doctors' offices and pain clinics with which there were transactions?

Q. Right. And you could have also looked at the percentage of those -- of Harvard's total sales that were with doctors' offices and pain clinics?

Q. And you could see in the system the portion of the sales that were shipped to locations in Florida?

Q. Now, with regard to all of that data, the DEA had the same information, correct? Is that your understanding?

Q. Okay. Was what the "more information" that the DEA had?

Q. Okay. So you're saying that if other manufacturers supplied information to Harvard, that the DEA knew in addition to Mallinckrodt's sales, it would also know --

Q. Right. And so if you were dealing with a Mallinckrodt customer that purchased all of their oxycodone from Mallinckrodt, with regard to that product and that distributor, Mallinckrodt had the same information as the DEA, right?

Q. Do you know whether other customers of Mallinckrodt, during any particular time periods, purchased all of their product -- all of their oxycodone product from Mallinckrodt?

Q. And if, in fact, that occurred and a hundred percent of the wholesale distributors' purchases of oxycodone came from Mallinckrodt, then in that instance the DEA would have exactly the same information as Mallinckrodt?

Q. Now, you see in the press release that we looked at before, and in this e-mail from Ms. Muhlenkamp, that the DEA shut down Harvard Drug Group and suspended its license based upon the proportion of oxycodone that Harvard Drug Group sold to Florida; is that right?

Q. And with regard to Harvard Drug Group's purchase of Mallinckrodt oxycodone, you also had that information?

Q. So at what point in time prior to seeing the suspension of Harvard's license in June of 2010 did you become suspicious of Harvard's sales of oxycodone?

Q. Do you believe that the persons at Mallinckrodt responsible for the suspicious order monitoring program and compliance should have been suspicious of Harvard Drug sales prior to the time the DEA suspended Harvard's license?

Q. And do you have an opinion?

Q. So based on the time that you were responsible for Harvard Drug Group and they were your wholesale distributor client, you did not have any suspicions --

Q. -- based upon the sales that you saw?

Q. Mr. Becker, you've been handed Exhibit 35, which is a press release from the United States Department of Justice, District of Maryland, dated June 25th, 2014, indicating that, "Pennsylvania Pharmaceutical Wholesaler Value Drug, Inc. To Pay 4 million In Settlement, Settles Claims that Value Drug Failed to Report Suspicious Orders of Oxycodone to Pharmacies in Maryland and Pennsylvania." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And Value Drug was another one of your customers; is that correct?

Q. And if you look at the second page of this press release, in the middle of the second paragraph, this states, "The settlement resolves allegations that from January 1st, 2009 through September 12th, 2012, Value Drug failed to report suspicious orders of oxycodone to six pharmacy customers"; do you see that?

Q. And that was the time period that Value Drug was your customer; is that right?

Q. And during that time period, did you ever ask for any chargeback information to show transactions with Value Drug's downstream customers?

Q. But at that time, you could have asked for that information?

Q. Okay. But you didn't evaluate the ratio of oxycodone or other products to noncontrolled substances?

Q. And you didn't examine the ratio of where products were shipped for this particular wholesale distributor customer of yours?

Q. And you didn't examine any of the circumstances of the particular pharmacies to which this wholesale distributor shipped --

Q. -- its customer --

Q. Mr. Becker, you've been handed Exhibit 36, which are some pages from the Federal Register dated September 15th, 2005. And it contains the decision and order regarding Masters Pharmaceuticals' DEA license. And as we went over before, Masters Pharmaceuticals was another one of your wholesale distributor clients; is that right?

Q. And if we look at the first paragraph of this decision, it indicates, "On August 9, 2013, the Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Administration, issued an Order to Show Cause to Masters Pharmaceuticals"; do you see that?

Q. And down below, the order states, "The Order then alleged that notwithstanding 'the MOA, the specific guidance provided to [Respondent] by DEA, and the public information readily available regarding the oxycodone epidemic in Florida, and in the United States, [Respondent] failed to main effective controls against the diversion of controlled substances." And we've talked about the oxycodone epidemic in Florida; is that right?

Q. And you were aware of that based upon articles and other information that you read when you were selling oxycodone?

Q. This goes on to state, "The Order then alleged that from April 1st, 2009 through December 31st, 2009, Respondent distributed more than 37 million dosage units of oxycodone nationally and that nearly 25 million dosage units 'were distributed to its Florida customers'"; do you see that?

Q. Now, at least with respect to Mallinckrodt sales to Masters as we've discussed, Mallinckrodt could have easily determined from the chargeback data the proportion of sales to Masters that were shipped to locations in Florida?

Q. Right. You understand that information was contained in the chargeback system?

Q. And if you look at the middle column of the order, it states, "More specifically, the Order alleged that." And do you see that there's

Q. And, for example, paragraph 6. states, "From January 1st, 2009 through November 30th, 2010, [it]," and that means Masters, "distributed approximately 1.7 million dosage units. . .to Lam's Pharmacy; do you see that?

Q. And so all of these transactions that are described in 1. through 6., that involve downstream customers of Masters purchasing dosage units from Masters, if any of those sales were of Mallinckrodt product, that information would be contained in the Mallinckrodt chargeback system, right?

Q. And so with regard to Mallinckrodt product sales, when the DEA is looking at information about downstream customer sales, if it involves Mallinckrodt product, the DEA is looking at the same information that Mallinckrodt has in its own chargeback system; is that right?

Q. So when did you become suspicious of Masters Pharmaceuticals' downstream customer sales?

Q. Okay. And do you believe Mallinckrodt's failure to stop selling oxycodone in particular to Masters was the result of negligence or was it an intentional failure?

Q. Okay. Do you have an opinion on that?

Q. Mr. Becker, you've been handed what's marked Exhibit 37, which is a press release from the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, dated December 23rd, 2016, with the heading "Manhattan U.S. Attorney Announces $10 Million Civil Penalty Recovery Against New York Pharmaceutical Distributor Kinray, Llc."; do you see that?

Q. And it states, "This Recovery Is Part of a $44 Million Nationwide Civil Penalty Settlement with Kinray, LLC., and Its Parent Company, Cardinal Health"; do you see that?

Q. And Kinray was another one of your wholesale distributor customers; is that right?

Q. And after the time Cardinal Health purchased Kinray, Cardinal Health was one of your wholesale distributor customers, right?

Q. And if you look at the first paragraph of this press release, it states in the middle, "In the consent decree approved yesterday by U.S. District Judge Ronnie Abrams, Kinray agreed to pay $10 million to the United States, and admitted and accepted responsibility for failing to inform the DEA, as required by CSA regulations, of Kinray's receipt of suspicious orders for certain controlled substances during the time period between January 1st, 2011 and May 14th, 2012"; do you see that?

Q. And, again, that's -- time period overlaps with the time period that Kinray and Cardinal Health were wholesale distributor customers of yours; is that right?

Q. Right. But the time period that they're examining was the time period that these

Q. -- entities were wholesale --

Q. distributor customers of yours. So, Mr. Becker, when did you become suspicious of Kinray and Cardinal Health's downstream orders?

Q. And when did you get suspicious of their direct orders of oxycodone from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Well, as we saw from your background reports, you carefully tracked the type of drug that they purchased from you and the amount, correct?

Q. And you carefully tracked the dollars that they paid you for those drugs?

Q. And you saw the order in terms of which drugs they purchased more of and which they purchased less of?

Q. And you saw the ratio of oxycodone, for example, to the other drugs that they purchased from you?

Q. But in the tables that you prepared, you could easily determine the ratio, right?

Q. Okay. And you didn't do any of that?

Q. Okay. And in the chargeback system, at any point in time you could have asked for information on where the product you sold to these entities was shipped --

Q. -- isn't that right?

Q. And you never once did that?

Q. And you didn't do that for any account, did you?

Q. Did you ever talk to Mr. Borelli about his customer, KeySource Medical?

Q. And did you discuss with him the nature of KeySource's business and types of products that it tended to buy?

Q. And do you recall what you learned from that?

Q. Did you ever monitor any of the KeySource sales or see any reports?

Q. So for KeySource as well, did you see information indicating the proportion of their purchases that were oxycodone versus other products?

Q. Okay. And did you see the -- did you ever examine the extent to which KeySource sent its product to Florida versus other locations?

Q. Did you ever talk to Mr. Borelli about that?

Q. Did you ever see the amount of oxycodone that KeySource purchased from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Showing you what's been marked Exhibit 38, which is an e-mail from Chrissy Madden at Masters to you, dated June 10, 2011. And the subject is "fyi," and she attaches an article that appears that it was in Money Magazine -- or --

Q. -- no, I'm sorry, "wlwt.com money." I'm not sure what that is. And that article title is "Local Drug Supplier's Controlled Drug License Suspended"; do you see that?

Q. And so on this date, on June 10, 2011, Ms. Madden sent you an article indicating that KeySource's medical KeySource Medical's license was suspended by the DEA; is that right?

Q. And this indicates, "The agency said KeySource Medical has been the subject of a DEA investigation that alleges the company was selling large quantities of controlled substances to pharmacies, primarily in Florida"; is that right?

Q. Down below, it says, "The investigation revealed that" -- it says "KeyStone," but I believe it means "KeySource Medical distributed approximately 48 million dosage units of oxycodone products to customers in Florida between November 2008 and November 2010," correct?

Q. And in the reports that you saw when you were working at Mallinckrodt, you were fully aware of the amount of oxycodone that KeySource purchased from Mallinckrodt; is that right?

Q. This goes on to state, "'Pharmaceutical companies have a responsibility to ensure that the drugs they sell don't end up in the hands of drug traffickers or businesses that are conducting their businesses illegally.'" Do you agree with that statement?

Q. And it goes on to state, "'Prescription drug abuse in Florida, southern Ohio and northern Kentucky has risen to epidemic proportions.'" Do you agree with that statement --

Q. -- as of this time?

Q. And it states, "'And KeySource Medical should have known based on the large, frequent quantities, that their customers were diverting oxycodone into arenas that were not legitimate.' VI Do you agree that KeySource should have known that?

Q. And do you agree that if Mallinckrodt tracked all of that information to all of KeySource's sales, it also should have been aware of that?

Q. You worked in this industry for a long time. What's your understanding of that?

Q. Well, let's look at it again. "KeySource should have known based on the large, frequent quantities, that their customers were diverting oxycodone into arenas that were not legitimate." Mallinckrodt had the same information. Do you believe that that should have been apparent to Mallinckrodt that KeySource was engaged in diversion?

Q. And do you know if they did?

Q. I want to run through some facts that we covered today and make sure that I understand your testimony. Mallinckrodt had 51 percent of the oxycodone market share in the United States in 2010 and '11. Does that sound right?

Q. Okay. And the numbers that we looked at showed that for fiscal year 2011, Mallinckrodt's market share of oxycodone was 51 percent?

Q. And as we've seen and discussed in articles, oxycodone was one of the most abused and diverted opioids in the United States; is that right?

Q. And Mallinckrodt sold hundreds of millions of oxycodone IR 15 and 30 pills to its wholesale distributor clients; is that right?

Q. Mallinckrodt sold hundreds of millions of oxycodone IR 15 and 30 pills to its wholesale distributor clients?

Q. Okay. That's correct?

Q. And several of Mallinckrodt's major wholesale distributor clients sold most, and in some cases, nearly all of the oxycodone they bought from Mallinckrodt to pain clinics, pharmacies and dispensing physicians in Florida, right?

Q. Is that what these --

Q. And as to your own clients, that's information that you could have obtained from the chargeback data if you had wanted to?

Q. Okay. And there was a very well-publicized raging pill mill problem in Florida, and oxycodone IR was at the center of this, right?

Q. And you saw that in articles?

Q. Back starting in 2006, right?

Q. Yeah. And the pills -- many of those pills were shipped by wholesale distributors to Florida, and from there, they migrated north along what we talked about was the "Oxy Express"; is that right?

Q. And as we saw in the e-mail from Ms. New to you, you had suspicions about why the amount of oxycodone being sold was increasing to the degree it was as a result of the reformulation of oxycodone; is that right?

Q. And so you read that addicts were switching from OxyContin to oxycodone because OxyContin had become more difficult to abuse, right?

Q. Okay. That's a conversation you had with Bonnie New based upon her --

Q. And every time a Mallinckrodt wholesale distributor sold Mallinckrodt opioids to a downstream customer, that sale and key details of the sale were logged in the chargeback system?

Q. So Mallinckrodt had available to it detailed information about the number of pills it sold to distributors and the number of these same pills that these distributors shipped to Florida and everywhere else, right?

Q. And so it was no secret to Mallinckrodt that it was sending hundreds of millions of pills to Florida; is that right?

Q. Right. But you knew that was happening, right?

Q. Okay. That information was available, however, in the chargeback system?

Q. And millions of oxycodone pills that you sold to your wholesale distributor clients were, in fact, shipped to Florida, right?

Q. And, Mr. Becker, is it fair to say that the pills that you sold to your wholesale distributor clients contributed to the abuse and diversion problem in Florida?

Q. Do you have any reason to doubt that?

Q. Okay. And we went through some chargeback data for Harvard Drug Group, for example --

Q. -- and you saw that in addition to selling that product via a veterinary supply company, over 90 percent of that product was, in fact, shipped to Florida?

Q. Right. And so based on that, is it fair to assume that product that you sold, like other oxycodone products shipped to Florida, were diverted and abused as well?

Q. Okay. Do you have any reason to believe that the product you sold that was shipped to Florida did not get into the -- was not diverted, whereas other people's product was diverted?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that the product you sold was not diverted, whereas product that other manufacturers sold was diverted?

Q. So it's fair to assume that if there was a significant problem of the diversion of oxycodone in Florida, that included in that would be product that you sold that ended up in Florida as well?

Q. And you understand that a significant number of people died overdosing on oxycodone?

Q. But you know from the articles that we've gone over and that you read at the time that you were selling oxycodone that a significant number of people were, in fact, dying because of overdoses on oxycodone, right?

Q. Mr. Becker, can you please tell the jury if you have any regrets regarding your involvement in the sale and distribution of opioids during the time that you worked for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Mr. Becker, you've been handed Exhibit 39, which is an e-mail from Karen Harper to you, dated April 1st, 2011, subject, "Updated Suspicious Order Monitoring Customer Checklist for Wholesaler." Is that correct?

Q. And if you look at the bottom half of that page, there's an e-mail from you to Ms. Harper, with a cc to Jane Williams, dated March 14th, 2011, subject, "Questionnaire."

Q. And can you read what you wrote?

Q. And if you go to the top of that e-mail string, in Karen Harper's e-mail to you, she writes, "Steve, Thanks for the great suggested questions. I've reviewed with the SOM Leadership Team and incorporated many of your suggestions into the actual On-Site Customer Audit document."

Q. "Regarding the Wholesaler Checklist, do the questions seem to be on point and relevant to that class of trade? Based on the information you and Jane received at the recent trade show, I've revised the Customer Checklist Information Sheet that will be sent with every Customer Checklist going forward after our update is complete. Your feedback will be appreciated." Do you recall the circumstances of this e-mail?

Q. And what was the purpose of the questionnaire?

Q. And if you turn to the questionnaire itself, the top of the second page of the exhibit, there's a handwritten note, "Steve Becker Revision." Is that your handwriting?

Q. Okay. And if you look at this page, there's a number of questions; is that right?

Q. Right.

Q. And these are -- the idea was that these are circumstances that would be evaluated when -- for each downstream customer transaction; is that right?

Q. Let me ask it another way. Looking at this document, before the 10 questions, there's the statement, "Does this wholesaler monitor pharmacy customers engaged in dispensing controlled substances for one or more of the following characteristics in the pattern of ordering controlled substances?" Do you see that?

Q. And so this was a question -- the idea was that your wholesale distributor customers will be presented with this questionnaire, and this information about these characteristics, they would be asked whether they were collecting this information?

Q. And the idea of these ten characteristics is to identify suspicious orders, right?

Q. Okay. And so, for example, the very first item on this list is "Ordering excessive quantities of a limited variety of controlled drugs " -- can't really say that, but alprazolam. How do you say that?

Q. Alprazolam, okay.

Q. "while ordering few, if any, non-controlled drugs."

Q. So that would be -- according to this questionnaire that you helped prepare, that would be a characteristic of a suspicious order; is that right?

Q. And you apparently were aware of that because you helped prepare this questionnaire?

Q. Okay. And the next item on this list is "Ordering a limited variety of controlled substances in quantities disproportionate to the quantity of non-controlled drugs ordered." So that would be another circumstance that would be indicative of a suspicious order; is that right?

Q. And again, that's something else that you would be aware of because you helped prepare this questionnaire?

Q. And the same is true for each of these ten items, these are circumstances of a suspicious order, of which you are generally aware, and understood as to why they would potentially identify a suspicious order?

Q. Okay. Let's turn to the second page -- well, you note in your e-mail to Ms. Harper, "Please refer to the end of the document for additional questions we may want to consider." And so then the third page of this exhibit is a list of additional questions. Are these questions that you prepared?

Q. Okay. So let's go down through that list, and you can tell me why these items would be indicative of a suspicious order. The first one is, "Provide the date that your company began controlled substance distribution." Why would that matter?

Q. Could it also be because in the opioid epidemic, a lot of new companies came forward to participate in the illegal distribution of --

Q. Okay. And then your second question is, "Does your company distribute controlled substances and other pharmaceuticals out of your state?" Why is that potentially indicative of a suspicious order?

Q. Okay. And would it matter if they distributed all of their product to one state, for example?

Q. And were you thinking as well of the problem that you knew existed of wholesale distributors shipping most or all of their product to Florida, for example --

Q. -- which was out of the state where a lot of these distributors were located?

Q. Was the reason why you came up with this question your knowledge that for a number of wholesale distributors, while they were not in the state of Florida, they were shipping most of their product to Florida?

Q. The next question you have is, "Does your company distribute controlled substances and other pharmaceuticals in the state of Florida?" Now tell me, why was that, according to your helpful assistance with this questionnaire, potentially indicative of a suspicious order?

Q. And that was something you were aware of on April 1st, 2011 -- or I'm sorry, March 14th, 2011, when you sent these contributions to the questionnaire?

Q. Okay. The next question is, "Does your company sell controlled substances or pharmaceuticals to customers who distribute or dispense products over the Internet?" Now, tell me, why would that be indicative of a suspicious order?

Q. Was there something in particular about selling controlled substances over the Internet that you thought was a cause for concern?

Q. The next item is, "Has your company been cited for any violations pertaining to controlled substances?" Why was that a factor potentially indicative of suspicious orders?

Q. So you're aware of whether the company that you're considering as a wholesale distributor had engaged in prior illegal conduct with regard to controlled substances?

Q. Okay. And is that something that you had seen among wholesale distributor customer candidates?

Q. The next item is, "Does your company have

Q. Okay. The next item is, "Does your company have a distribution site security manager?" Why does that matter?

Q. Okay. Could it be that it would help deter theft of controlled substances from the distributor?

Q. Okay. The next item is, "List the name of the security company who you have contracted with." Explain that one.

Q. The next item on your list is, "Does your company have a card access control system?" Explain that.

Q. Okay. Again, the idea being you wanted to make sure that the distributor was not set up in a way where theft would be easy from their facility?

Q. Okay. The next item says, "Does your company have video surveillance of sensitive areas where controlled drugs received, stored and processed?" That too to deter theft?

Q. So if a company didn't have that, that would be something to take into account when evaluating the suspicious order monitoring program of that --

Q. -- wholesale distributor?

Q. The next item is, "Provide an overview of your company process of opening new pharmacy customers." Why is that important?

Q. And by "end user," you mean the downstream customers?

Q. So you have a better idea of who the downstream customers are of the wholesale distributor that you --

Q. -- consider bringing on?

Q. Then you have a number of items listed here, and it starts with "Number of accounts serviced." Why does that matter?

Q. Okay. And then there's a series of types of downstream customers that you've listed, and they include "Distributors, Retail Pharmacies, Pain Management Clinics, Physicians, Hospitals, Mail Order, Long Term Care." The type of downstream customer, why does that matter for evaluating the suspicious order monitoring program of a wholesale distributor?

Q. Okay. So pain management clinics in particular would stand out as a potential --

Q. -- problem?

Q. And that's because of the amount of diversion that happened from pain management clinics?

Q. Okay. And what about physicians? Is that dispensing physicians; is that what you had in mind?

Q. And would they also stand out as a particular issue because of the --

Q. Because of the diversion that occurred with physicians?

Q. So for all these factors that you identified, did you examine whether your wholesale distributor clients -- did you collect this information from all of your wholesale distributor clients?

Q. Okay. But I'm asking you. So during the time that you worked at Mallinckrodt, did you attempt to collect any of this information from your wholesale distributor clients?

Q. Right. And this is April 1st, 2011, and this is a questionnaire you're preparing as of that date, correct?

Q. And so I'm asking you prior to that date, during the years from 2000 to 2011 that you worked at Mallinckrodt, is this information that you collected from any of your wholesale distributor clients?

Q. Okay. And where would that be reflected, if you collected that information?

Q. Were you required to submit any kind of report or information to anyone in which you indicated the collection of any of this information?

Q. And so if there is no such report, does that indicate that you provided no report of this information?

Q. I'm going back to the first page that has questions number 1. through 10., and we went over some of them, including "Ordering excessive quantities of a limited variety of controlled drugs," and so on. Is this information that you collected from your clients or evaluated during the time 2000 through 2011?

Q. Okay. And if you did, would there be some record of you having done that?

Q. Okay. So when you say you may have, are you saying that there's a very, very remote chance that you did or that --

Q. But you don't have any specific recollection of asking any of these questions, do you?

Q. Okay. And as we talked about earlier with regard to the oxycodone sales to your wholesale distributor clients, you did not evaluate the ratio of oxycodone --

Q. Yeah, okay.

Q. And that's the same for all of these questions on here, during the time frame that we've discussed today, with regard to oxycodone?

Q. Mr. Becker, you have in front of you Exhibit 40, which is an e-mail to you from Lisa Cardetti, dated October 15th, 2012. Who is Lisa Cardetti?

Q. I'm sorry. This is an e-mail from you to Lisa Cardetti.

Q. And below that is an e-mail from Karen Harper to you.

Q. And so it looks like you forwarded, to Lisa Cardetti, Karen Harper's e-mail to you; is that right?

Q. Okay. So if you look at the e-mail from Karen Harper to you on November 15th, 2011, she writes, "Steve, I was grateful for the opportunity to speak to the expanded Generic Sales Group last week and I enjoyed catching up with you, Jane, Bob, and all who attended. "Attached please find several DEA memos to industry regarding Suspicious Order Monitoring and the Federal Register DEA Revocation Notice referenced in the DEA letter dated 12/27/2007. "Although these are several years old, DEA frequently references them to this day in conversations pertaining to industry obligations." Do you recall the meeting with Ms. Harper and --

Q. Do you recall whether -- between April 1st, 2011, and October 15th, 2012, whether you continued to be involved with helping create a checklist for suspicious order monitoring?

Q. And in looking at this e-mail, it looks like the e-mail that you forwarded to Ms. Cardetti on October 15, 2012, was an e-mail that was sent to you on November 15th, 2011, so the prior year. Do you recall receiving this e-mail from Ms. Harper?

Q. And then below her e-mail, there's an e-mail from you a little earlier in that same day. On November 15th, 2011, you write, "Dear Karen, It was great to see you last week in DC for our National meeting. "I am looking for any type of document from the DEA on the requirement for product monitoring the wholesale sale account should follow. "Do you have anything you can send?" And that's what caused her to then send the materials that she references in her e-mail. Do you have any recollection --

Q. -- of asking for that information?

Q. And why did you ask for it?

Q. Okay. So this was 2011, and you had been working at Mallinckrodt since 2000; is that right?

Q. And was this the first time -- so if you look at the attachment, one of the things that you were sent was a letter dated September 27th, 2006 --

Q. -- from the DEA. Was this the first time you had seen this letter?

Q. And was this the first time that you had received information regarding what the DEA would consider circumstances that might be indicative of diversion?

Q. So why don't you turn to the third page of the DEA letter dated September 27, 2006.

Q. The heading is, "Circumstances That Might Be Indicative of Diversion, DEA investigations have revealed that certain pharmacies engaged in dispensing controlled substances for other than a legitimate medical purpose often display one or more of the following characteristics in their pattern of ordering controlled substances." Do you see those items there?

Q. And some of those items are the same items that were on the questionnaire that you were working on; is that right?

Q. And take a look at the first four items on that list.

Q. The first one is, "Ordering excessive quantities of a limited variety of controlled substances."

Q. Second one, "Ordering a limited variety of controlled substances in quantities disproportionate to the quantity of non-controlled medications."

Q. Third, "Ordering excessive quantities of a limited variety of controlled substances in combination with excessive quantities of lifestyle drugs." Fourth is, "Ordering the same controlled substances from multiple distributors"; do you see that?

Q. So we've spent a lot of time going through your customers, particularly during the time frame of 2008 to 2010. How many of those factors would you say applied to your wholesale distributor customers?

Q. It's true, is it not, that veterinary sales, sales of opioids that were, in fact, to veterinarians, were not recorded in the chargeback system? Is that right?

Q. You did, in fact, have a veterinary supply customer; did you not?

Q. Yeah, and that was not First Veterinary Supply company, as far as you knew; is that right?

Q. And do you recall that for sales that were to an actual vet supply distributor for the purpose of supplying veterinarians, that those sales were not accounted for in the chargeback system?

Q. And as Mr. Davison noted, you were not in the chargeback department, correct?

Q. But you did have the ability to ask for chargeback reports; is that correct?

Q. And, in fact, we saw in a few e-mail examples of you asking for chargeback reports?

Q. And there was no limitation imposed by Mallinckrodt on the number of times you could ask for chargeback reports; is that --

Q. And there was no limitation that restricted your ability to ask for chargeback reports with respect to any of your wholesale distributor clients; is that right?

Q. That's correct?
