Witness:  Susan Jolliff
Attorney: MR. Dearman
Source:   MNKOI0005221172
============================================================

Q. Good morning.

Q. My name is Mark Dearman. I introduced myself to you before we started this morning. We're going to be taking your deposition today. What is your full name?

Q. And what is your current occupation?

Q. And what is your business address?

Q. And what is that address? , . *Redacted - Pll

Q. Have you ever given your deposition before?

Q. Okay. So, I'm going to give you some ground rules as to how we'll proceed. I'm going to ask you questions. You need to answer those questions. It's important that we don't speak at the same time, because otherwise our court reporter's fingers may fall off. So if you wait for me to ask my entire question, I will do my best to wait for you to provide your entire answer, okay?

Q. Okay. It's important that you answer out loud. We all nod and we say "uh-huh" and "huh-huh." That doesn't help give us a clean record, so answer out loud if you don't mind, okay?

Q. Unless your attorneys tell you -- there's going to be objections that could occur -- that may occur during the deposition. I hope there's not, but there might be. If one of the other attorneys object to one of my question, unless they instruct you not to answer, you can go ahead and answer the question, okay?

Q. If you answer one of my questions, I'm going to assume that you understood it. So if you don't understand something that I ask you, just say, "Mark, I don't understand that question. Can you please rephrase it?"

Q. Okay. Are you represented by counsel today?

Q. Who would that be?

Q. Okay. Do you have a written retainer or representation agreement with either of them?

Q. Okay. Do you understand what a written agreement is? When I say "a written agreement," something that's in writing.

Q. So, do you have something in writing that indicates that these folks are your attorneys?

Q. Okay. When did you get that email?

Q. Okay. And who sent you that email?

Q. Okay. Was it one of the individuals that's in the room today that would have sent you that email?

Q. Okay. Exhibit 1.

Q. I'm going to show you what Plaintiffs are going to mark as Exhibit No. 1 to your deposition. Can you please take a look at that? And my first question is: Have you ever seen that before?

Q. How is it that you found out about your deposition today?

Q. Do you recall when that phone call came?

Q. Who was that phone call from?

Q. Was Bill an attorney?

Q. What did you and Bill discuss?

Q. If you would take a look at the exhibit that I put in front of you, Exhibit No. 1, and you take a look at page 4 of that document, you see where it says "III" at the bottom, Documents To Be Produced?

Q. Okay. Had you seen that list? And when I say "that list," on page 4, there's a request to produce number 1, on the second page, or page 5 of the document, request number 2, and request number 3. Have you seen that list prior to me showing it to you today?

Q. What did you do to prepare for your deposition today, if anything?

Q. And when did you do that?

Q. So, the first in-person meeting was two weeks ago? The second was Tuesday of this week?

Q. The meeting two weeks ago, who was in attendance?

Q. Okay. Anybody else?

Q. Okay. Where did that meeting take place?

Q. Okay. And when you say "same location," do you mean the Sheraton?

Q. How long did that meeting go on for?

Q. Okay. Did you bring any documents with you to that meeting?

Q. Were you shown any documents at that meeting?

Q. Okay. Did any of those documents that you looked at -- I mean, were those documents that you had seen recently?

Q. Did any of the documents that you locked at with counsel refresh your recollection as to any of the issues?

Q. Okay. Can you please tell me what types of documents refreshed your recollection?

Q. So some -- without telling me which documents, some of those documents did refresh your recollection, correct?

Q. Okay. Tell me about how many documents you looked at without telling me anything specific about the documents.

Q. Okay. Is "some" more than 50 or less than 50?

Q. Is "some" more than 20 or less than 20?

Q. Okay. Are -- were those -- did those documents include emails?

Q. Did those documents include presentations?

Q. PowerPoint presentations.

Q. Did those documents include promotional materials?

Q. Did you take any of the documents that you reviewed during that first meeting home with you?

Q. Any of the documents that you saw at that first meeting, did you already have possession of them; meaning after you saw them, did you actually come to the realization that you might have had them yourself or had possession of them?

Q. Okay. The next meeting, which was Tuesday of this week, where did that occur?

Q. And who attended that meeting with you?

Q. How long did that meeting go on for?

Q. Okay. As before, were you shown documents at that meeting?

Q. And again, did those documents, as well, refresh your recollection as to some of the issues?

Q. Did you make any effort to search for documents that you had possession of, that you yourself had possession of?

Q. Okay. And can you tell me what you looked for? What kinds of documents you looked for?

Q. Okay. And were you asked to do that?

Q. Okay. When is it that you first started looking for documents?

Q. Did you locate any documents?

Q. Did you bring those documents to the second meeting?

Q. Okay. What documents did you locate that was in your -- that were in your possession?

Q. All right. Awards?

Q. Things like that? Okay. Did you find any emails in your own records?

Q. And what types of emails?

Q. Anything else besides emails?

Q. So when you say "rankings," are you referring to documents that discuss your rank within the company?

Q. And what is the significance of that? Are you surprised?

Q. And were the rankings, were they -- were they graphs or charts? What -- what --

Q. You may anticipate that you know what I'm going to ask, and you probably do know what some of my next questions are going to be, but it's important for the record that you wait for me to answer [sic] my entire question before you start to answer it, okay?

Q. It's completely human nature, but it just makes for a clean record. So besides rankings and awards, any other types of documents that you came across?

Q. Okay. Are you being compensated for your time today?

Q. Were you compensated for your time for either of the two sessions that you met with your attorneys?

Q. Are you familiar with this document?

Q. Okay. What is it?

Q. Do you know when this resume was prepared?

Q. Okay. Maybe an easier question is: Is this

Q. Okay. How would a current resume differ from this document? And if you need to take a look at it, let me know. And I'm not asking you, you know, every line by line, but are there additional -- I -- I assume there might be additional employment that isn't on this resume that may be on a more current resume?

Q. Okay. So, what is the last place of employment or the most current place of employment that is reflected on Exhibit 2, your resume?

Q. And are -- you're no longer at Pfizer, correct?

Q. When did you leave Pfizer?

Q. Okay. And then after Pfizer, where did you go, if anywhere?

Q. And how long were you there?

Q. And then after Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Let's go back in time, if we can, in this resume, to the first job that you have reflected here. Is that King Pharmaceuticals?

Q. The oldest.

Q. Okay. I see that. Thank you. And Landmark Medical was in 1990?

Q. And what were your duties and responsibilities at Landmark?

Q. And you stayed at Landmark for how long?

Q. Who was your direct report there?

Q. Fair enough. And after Landmark, what was your next place of employment?

Q. How long were you there for?

Q. What were your duties and responsibilities?

Q. Do you know who your direct report was there?

Q. Okay. Why did you leave Medic drugstores?

Q. So, you voluntarily left?

Q. All right. And how long were you at Becton Dickinson?

Q. And what were your duties and responsibilities there?

Q. Was that a sales position?

Q. And what territory was that?

Q. And who was your direct report there?

Q. And why did you leave Becton?

Q. Okay. And how long were you at Bristol-Myers?

Q. And what -- what did you do there?

Q. What type of generics did you sell?

Q. Any Schedule II drugs?

Q. Okay. Who was your direct report there?

Q. Okay. And what was your -- was your territory also in Cleveland, Ohio, at Bristol-Myers?

Q. Okay. You left Bristol-Myers voluntarily?

Q. Okay. And where did you go next?

Q. Is that located on this resume?

Q. Okay. So when you left Bristol, you ended up going to Dura, which turned into King --

Q. -- which turned into Pfizer?

Q. Okay. And you started at Dura in 1998. I'm looking at --

Q. Okay. And from 1998 to 2003, you were a sales representative?

Q. In Akron, Ohio?

Q. And what were your responsibilities and duties as a sale representative?

Q. Between '98 and 2003, were you selling any Schedule II --

Q. -- drugs? Now, under the -- under that sales representative block, you have a list of awards. Do you see that?

Q. Yeah. The first one is 2002 President's Club Award?

Q. What is that? What does that mean? What does that notate?

Q. And when you say "the highest award," I -- just so that I understand, what do you mean by that? What are you being recognized for?

Q. And that's 43 out of 448?

Q. And these other awards, likewise, are related to your achievements with regard to selling whatever the particular product was?

Q. In 2003, it looks like your position changed to specialty sales representative?

Q. So, is the reason that your title changed is because they started the neurology --

Q. -- department?

Q. It started as neurology, though?

Q. And it says your territory there was Cleveland, Ohio --

Q. -- correct? So, was that a larger territory than it was earlier?

Q. Right.

Q. Okay. And what were your duties and responsibilities as a specialty sales representative between 2003 and 2008?

Q. Okay. Any Schedule II drugs between 2003 and 2008?

Q. Which ones?

Q. Okay. Are those the two scheduled drugs that you sold, whether it be for Dura or King, or --

Q. Yeah. No problem.

Q. Okay. Was that a promotion from sales representative to specialty sales representative?

Q. Were the doctors -- well, strike that. Who was it you were selling those -- those drugs to? Who was it that you were dealing with?

Q. Yes, yes.

Q. I'll ask you about Skelaxin, too.

Q. And at what point in time did Dura become King, if you know? If you know.

Q. Okay. And then again, between 2003 and 2008 -- actually, if we go up to the first page of your resume, under King Pharmaceuticals, which does -- I see it now. It's 1998 through 2010?

Q. From '08 to 2010, you were a senior specialty sales rep?

Q. All right. So, you were a sales representative from '98 to '03, a specialty sales rep from '03 to '08, and then a senior specialty sales rep from '08 to 2010?

Q. So -- all right. So, what are what the -- what's the difference, then, between your duties and responsibilities as a senior specialty sales representative, which you were from '08 to 2010, and what you were doing as a specialty sales rep from '03 to '08? If you --

Q. And as a senior specialty sales representative at King Pharmaceuticals, what drugs was it that you were responsible for?

Q. All right. So, there -- give me those three again, if you don't mind.

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. How do you spell that patch?

Q. Okay. Were these all scheduled drugs?

Q. Which ones were scheduled drugs?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. And what type of drug was Avinza?

Q. And how about Embeda?

Q. How big was the were you in the sales department, I assume?

Q. How many people at King from -- we'll go with 2008 to 2010 -- how many people, other salespeople, were there in that department, if you know? How big was the department?

Q. And the pain division was your division?

Q. And what kind of drug is Skelaxin?

Q. And what is Flector, or Flector Patch?

Q. And were you promoting -- were you promoting all of these drugs to all of your accounts during that period of time?

Q. Did King Pharmaceuticals provide you with any formal training as it relates to promoting these drugs?

Q. Okay. Is that something that you can point to on your resume, or is that just something that you know?

Q. I just saw you look. That's why I --

Q. Okay. Can you please tell me, at King, the formal training that they would have provided you?

Q. So, when would that have been?

Q. All right. The two weeks that you talked about initially, what did that entail? And I know it was a long time -- long time ago. I understand.

Q. And who were the, for lack of a better word, professors? Teachers?

Q. Teachers?

Q. And I'm not as interested in their names as to what you could tell me about, were they doctors? Were they healthcare professionals?

Q. Okay. Were they healthcare professionals, if you know?

Q. Okay. Now, back at that time, you were not promoting any Schedule II drugs, correct?

Q. Yeah. So, the -- let's go to that, what you refer to as the half point training that you were talking about.

Q. Do you recall when you started promoting Schedule II drugs, whether or not you would have received any additional formal training, so that when you went from whatever drugs you were selling to the schedule drugs, was there a training that you received?

Q. And so, that wouldn't have been the initial -- that initial course because you weren't doing it then, correct?

Q. At the half point, do you know if you were doing it at that point?

Q. Okay. But there did came come a time where you were promoting Schedule Its and where you received some training relating to that, correct?

Q. Okay. Can you ballpark when you started selling Schedule II at King?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. And do you remember what type of training you received as it related to your promotion of Avinza?

Q. And were you selling these to your -- was it pretty much the same accounts for you while you were at King?

Q. From the time that you started.

Q. All right.

Q. So when did you first get into the pain division?

Q. So from 2007 until 2015 when you left Mallinckrodt, would your accounts have been the similar type doctors?

Q. So, from company to company, would you have been dealing with some of the same doctors, the same accounts?

Q. And again, in -- I see you had something on the first page, Awards - 2010. There are additional notations of awards that you would have received?

Q. And these awards were related to your standing at the company as it relates to what? What? What your rankings were?

Q. Okay. And in 2010, did you leave King Pharmaceuticals, or did they became Pfizer?

Q. Okay. How long were you at Pfizer?

Q. From 2008 to 2010 at King, who was your direct report?

Q. From 2010 till the time you left Pfizer, who was your direct report?

Q. When the company changed from King to Pfizer, it looks like -- it looks like you now have become -- you were senior specialty sales representative, now you're an executive specialty sales representative. Do you see that?

Q. I'm just looking under Pfizer under 2010 to present.

Q. Yeah. So what were the difference between your duties and responsibilities as executive specialty sales rep versus senior specialty sales rep?

Q. Were there different drugs that you were selling when King was taken over by Pfizer?

Q. Okay. What were those drugs?

Q. Okay. And in addition to that, were you selling the Schedule II drugs that we had talked about earlier?

Q. Okay. While at Pfizer, were you responsible for selling any Schedule II drugs?

Q. Right.

Q. And were you promoting Lyrica and the Flector Patch for the same things that you had previously been promoting Embeda for, or were they different?

Q. Okay. Do you know why Embeda was taken off of the market?

Q. We will talk about Naltrexone a little bit later. So, while at Pfizer for that roughly year period from 2010 till time that you left to go to Mallinckrodt, were you responsible for promoting any Schedule II drugs?

Q. Okay. Why did you leave Pfizer?

Q. Did you tell me who your direct report was at Pfizer?

Q. Okay. Who was your direct report at Pfizer?

Q. Why didn't you want to work for Pfizer?

Q. Any other reasons?

Q. Had they -- so had they demoted you from pain to regular primary care specialist, do you believe that that would have impacted your income?

Q. You believe that you would have received the same compensation between base salary and bonuses and incentives with either line of drugs?

Q. Would it have required you to go out and basically find new accounts because it was -- they were different drugs?

Q. What do you mean by that?

Q. Okay. But they would have been different accounts, correct?

Q. Understood. Because they were well-established drugs?

Q. So you said that they were a large company. What -- what was your hesitation to working for a large company or a massive company, I think you said?

Q. Okay. So now we are jumping off of this resume onto the more current. And you left Pfizer to go to?

Q. And you started roughly 2011?

Q. Who was your direct report when you started at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Going back a second to my question about Pfizer. You had -- you had initially said it was a demotion and you didn't want to take it, and so that's what triggered me to ask you was there going to a difference in compensation. Why would it have been a demotion to go back to -- or go to regular -- I think you said general treatment or general care?

Q. Okay. So by going into -- into the pain division, that's the specialty that you are referring to, you would have lost that specialty if you went into -- if you had accepted that other position?

Q. And I am just trying to figure out -- and I'm sure it is me that's just not understanding it -- why it's a better opportunity. Why the -- what the difference is to you if the compensation is the same.

Q. A different cell? C-E-L-L?

Q. Oh, cell? C-E-L-L?

Q. Okay. What do you mean by that?

Q. S-E-L-L.

Q. So you -- you go to Mallinckrodt. Ycur supervisor is Kevin Becker, correct?

Q. Just to take a second and talk about your education. What is the highest level of education that you completed?

Q. And where was that?

Q. And that was a bachelor's degree in what?

Q. And to get a bachelor's degree in science, how much science-type coursework did you take?

Q. Can you be any more specific than "a lot"? I mean, how many years are we talking about?

Q. Have you yourself had any personal experience with the use of opioids?

Q. Any personal experience with the opioid epidemic? Anyone that's close to you that had any issues with regard to opioid use?

Q. Who is it that had some issues with regard to opioid use?

Q. And when was that?

Q. Do you know what opioid?

Q. What ended up happening to *Redacted - EPI . : .

Q. i ' *Redacted - EPI .

Q. When was that?

Q. How did that impact you?

Q. Had an impact on your family as well? i .

Q. ii *Redacted - EPI do you know what he did for a L. living?

Q. Yes. A *Redacted - EPI

Q. Do you know anything about the -- what do you know about the litigation that we're here about today?

Q. Okay. Do you know who the plaintiffs are in the litigation?

Q. Okay. Do you know that the -- that there are cities and counties, and even some states across the country, that are plaintiffs that have brought litigation against the manufacturers and others of opioids? Are you aware of that it?

Q. Okay. Do you know that that's sort of why we are here today?

Q. Okay. So -- so you understand that the plaintiffs, the people that filed the cases, are in some case cities, in some cases counties, and in some situations states?

Q. Okay. Has that experience with regard to your neighbor caused you to have any ill will or -- or bad feelings towards anybody in this litigation?

Q. Okay. In addition to the manufacturers as defendants, there are -- there are also drug distributors that are defendants. Are you aware of that?

Q. Had you had any -- do you know what Opioid Use Disorder is?

Q. Do you know whether you've had any employees that -- co-employees that you worked with that had -- that used opioids?

Q. How many years were you at Mallinckrcdt?

Q. I'm going to show you what is marked as Exhibit No. 3. This document has -- and just so you know, when I say the words -- I'm talking about Bates ranges, if you look in the bottom right corner of the document. Do you see where it says MMK-T1 0000000264?

Q. And if you go to the end of that document, it ends in 287. That's a Bates range, just so you understand when I refer to that during the depo.

Q. Bates, B-A-T-E-S. Bates range. New terminology?

Q. Have you seen this document or something that looks like this document before?

Q. Okay. When would be the first time that you would have seen something like this?

Q. So -- so I -- I would refer to this as an organizational chart. Do you have that same point of reference?

Q. Okay. So, when was the -- and I will represent to you that this is an organizational chart for Mallinckrodt that was provided to us by Mallinckrodt. So I'm not asking you if you have seen the exact organizational chart because you have to go through every one of these names. I'm asking if you have seen something similar to this?

Q. Okay. Now, if you turn to Bates range number 269 -- so, I can refer to that page number that way --you will see in the top right corner it says "McGowan." Do you know who McGowan is?

Q. Who is McGowan?

Q. And when you say "regional manager," regional manager of what?

Q. Okay. Do you know what region?

Q. Okay. What were you hired as? What was your title at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. So if you look at that page that I directed you to, 269, do you see your name in that box?

Q. All right. Underneath it, do you see where it says Senior Field Sales Spec Pharma?

Q. Do you know what that means?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Okay. Was that your title?

Q. Okay. While at Mallinckrodt, did your title ever change?

Q. Okay. So, when again did you start, September of?

Q. Okay. October of 2011?

Q. Okay. And we know your title there. Did you know when -- from October 17, 2011 until the time that you left, do you know when your title first changed?

Q. We may get to some other documents that will refresh your --

Q. So when you started there, let's talk about that, what specialties were you promoting to?

Q. And did that remain the same throughout your tenure at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And what was the reason that you added -- I'm assuming added surgeons and acute ambulatory.

Q. What drug was it you said you --

Q. Is that a Schedule drug?

Q. So during the time that you were at Mallinckrodt, besides Ofirmev, what other drugs did you promote?

Q. Okay. So, the page that we are looking at of the organizational chart, page 269, it shows Kirk DuMont at the top. Who is Kirk DuMont?

Q. Okay. So, Kevin Becker was what was his title?

Q. Okay. I'm sorry?

Q. Okay. And do you see his name somewhere else on this org chart?

Q. Okay. And so your direct report was Kirk DuMont?

Q. For what period of time, if you recall?

Q. All right. So Kevin Becker was the first person that you reported to?

Q. Okay. After Kevin, who was your next report?

Q. Okay. So you were reporting to Kevin for most of your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Besides Kirk's name being at the top, the other folks that are listed on here, are these the same people that you would have been working with?

Q. All right. And were these folks all responsible for a certain territory or certain territories?

Q. Okay. So, I see Kirk's name up there. Who -- Jaymes McKay, who is he?

Q. Okay. What was your territory, and did it change while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. It was entitled Akron, but did it include a territory larger than what we would call formally Akron?

Q. Okay. And so, I'm a little geographically challenged here. South of Akron is what?

Q. Sorry.

Q. Okay. Was it a larger -- was it a territory?

Q. Okay. When you left Pfizer and came to Mallinckrodt, were you -- while at Mallinckrodt, promoting to any accounts that you had been promoting to previously?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Okay. Were you promoting to any accounts that you had been dealing with at -- at King?

Q. And at Dura? And if I'm going back too far, we can stop at King. That's fine.

Q. And --

Q. And is that because that was starting to get into the pain?

Q. Is it a -- is it a plus for someone who starts a -- when you were leaving Pfizer and coming to Mallinckrodt, was it a plus that you had dealt with some of the same accounts that you would be dealing with when you started with Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you understand that question?

Q. Yeah. You know, somebody who goes tc specific school and gets some specific training, it might be a benefit to their new employer. I'm wondering if because you had been dealing with some of the same accounts, was that a benefit that Mallinckrodt saw and said, hey, you have been dealing with some of these same people?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Well, instead of asking you what -- and I don't know if I was, really, asking you whether they saw that. Did you see it as a benefit?

Q. Was there an advantage?

Q. Okay. Thank you. So, do you -- did anyone else on this page share that territory with you or was that your territory?

Q. Okay. Now, you had provided me with a list of the type of healthcare professionals that you were dealing with. Within your territory, are there other healthcare professionals that somebody else might be dealing with --

Q. -- besides you from the same company? Does that make sense?

Q. Okay. Pain doctors -- and then I -- I can ask you to list all of the specialties that you were promoting to in your territory.

Q. But did you promote to dentists?

Q. Okay. So, was someone else from the company possibly selling something to dentists that would be in your territory?

Q. I'm trying to figure out whether or not --

Q. Okay. So the only doctors that were being promoted to in your territory were the types of doctors that you previously discussed and that you were promoting to?

Q. Okay. So, you listed for me Exalgo, Pennsaid, Xartemis, and affirmance?

Q. Ofirmev. All right. When you started with Mallinckrodt, they didn't have all of those medications, though, correct?

Q. Which did they have when you started?

Q. What's Pennsaid?

Q. What's -- I'm sorry?

Q. That is not a scheduled medication? What is Exalgo?

Q. Yes, ma'am.

Q. What's Roxicodone?

Q. Okay. What about methadone?

Q. Do you know if Mallinckrodt sold either of those medications?

Q. Okay. So when you started at Mallinckrodt, you were aware that you were going to be promoting Exalgo and Pennsaid?

Q. And you started in October of 2011. I think you said you left sometime in 2015?

Q. So, they laid you off, but you left?

Q. Okay. You're no longer there?

Q. Okay. And that was in 2015?

Q. Between October of 2011 and 2015, were you always promoting Exalgo?

Q. When -- so, I know you started in '11. When did you stop promoting Exalgo?

Q. It went generic?

Q. Do you know when you started promoting Xartemis?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. What kind of training -- let's talk about Exalgo. What type of training were you provided with as it related to -- and I'm asking you about formal training -- that you were provided with as it related to promoting Exalgo, selling Exalgo?

Q. Going back to the organizational chart for a minute, Exhibit 3, if you would turn to the first page of Exhibit 3, which is Bates range 264, Bates number?

Q. At the top of that, it says, "Jamie Harrell." Do you know who Jamie Harrell is?

Q. And what was his position?

Q. Do you know -- I'm trying to figure cut the departments or the divisions, how VP commercial operations deals with sales, if it does.

Q. Okay. And you say that because?

Q. Were you familiar with something called commercial operations before today?

Q. And what was your understanding of commercial operations at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you know if it includes anything else besides field sales?

Q. Did you report to anybody on this page, 264?

Q. Okay. Did you have any communication or involvement with any of these folks on 264?

Q. He was Kevin's boss?

Q. And Jay Meyer would have been a regional?

Q. And Kevin would have been a?

Q. And that was your district?

Q. Which, in addition to Akron and south, it included other areas?

Q. Do you know what other areas were included?

Q. If you turn the page to 265, you can see -- I see Kevin's name there, so -- and there's Gavin McGowan above him.

Q. And Kirk DuMont, who you -- was also one of your district sales managers, is also on that page as well, right?

Q. Was there also a marketing department?

Q. And did you have any interaction with the marketing department?

Q. Okay. Would you communicate with them via email?

Q. And when you say "us," you mean the field sales people?

Q. And what types of emails would marketing send field sales?

Q. Like a promotional piece? Something to leave with a --

Q. -- doctor or professional?

Q. We're going to Exalgo, back to Exalgo for a minute. That was the hydromorphone, correct?

Q. Did you -- while promoting it, did you promote it as utilizing the OROS system to release a controlled rate over an extended period of time?

Q. And my question is: Did you promote it as releasing -- that it utilized the OROS system to release a controlled rate over an extended period of time?

Q. What doses did Exalgo come in?

Q. If I told you 8, 12, and 16, and then later 32, would that refresh your recollection?

Q. Do you know why there was a delay to release the 32?

Q. Would you agree that OxyContin CR and Opana ER were Exalgo's main competitors?

Q. So, you would agree?

Q. Was there any generic competition to Exalgo?

Q. Do you know if Purdue had an OxyContin product?

Q. Do you know if they withdrew that product from the market?

Q. Do you know why?

Q. So, would you categorize that as issues related to safety?

Q. Would --

Q. Would you say that if the tablet is very crushable, that it is unsafe?

Q. Do you think it is safe to be able tc manipulate something like OxyContin?

Q. It could be safe?

Q. Or it's unsafe? I'm -- that's what I'm asking.

Q. And so, I'm saying to you: Is that -- is that a safety issue, do you think?

Q. In your opinion?

Q. Okay. Well, if anyone had an OxyContin product that was easily -- that could easily be manipulated or crushed, do you think that that is a safety-related issue?

Q. Okay. What was the -- do you know what the difference in terms of responsibility were between marketing and sales at -- and I'm talking about at Mallinckrodt.

Q. What is your -- did you ever talk about abuse deterrence?

Q. So, I'm going back to Exalgo. And actually, I'm going to just a general question based on your understanding. How would you define "abuse deterrent," or "abuse deterrence"?

Q. So -- so, that's -- okay. So, I appreciate that. What -- what is it? What are you -- what is your understanding of what it is? What makes a pill abuse deterrent?

Q. So, are you saying, then, that in order for it to be abuse deterrent, it has to have a -- a component such that it -- such that it can't be tampered with --

Q. -- or crushed?

Q. Is there a difference between abuse deterrence and tamper resistance to you?

Q. Are they identical?

Q. Okay. What's the difference?

Q. Would you agree with me that to be tamper resistant, it must have a physical property that does not permit the pill to be altered?

Q. Yeah. To be tamper resistant, it must have a physical property that will not permit the pill to be altered?

Q. Was there a group at Mallinckrodt called Global Market Research?

Q. Do you know who Tamara Fraley is?

Q. Do you know who Kevin Webb is?

Q. Okay. That name rings a bell?

Q. Caroline Farday?

Q. Julie Beck?

Q. While you were working at Mallinckrodt, did you complete a weekly survey? Might have been on something called MI, mobile intelligence?

Q. While working at Mallinckrodt, were you responsible for obtaining any survey-type information from healthcare professionals relating to any of the products that you were promoting?

Q. While working at Mallinckrodt, would you have ever told any of the folks that you report to that some of the does were concerned about how divertible the OROS system is?

Q. Yeah. While you were working at Mallinckrodt --

Q. -- would you have told, whether it's this commercial ops group or anyone else that you would have reported to, that some of the healthcare professionals that you were promoting to were concerned about how divertible the OROS system was?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt or Exalgo use Naltrexone?

Q. Do you know what the reason was?

Q. Did you ever tell anyone that it was too expensive to add to the pills and that's why that wasn't utilized?

Q. Yeah. Did you ever -- do you know whether or not you told anybody that you would have reported to that it was too expensive and that was one of the reasons why they didn't include that component in Exalgo?

Q. Did any of the promotional materials you have include a wrestler in it?

Q. A bodybuilder?

Q. In your -- during your -- your tenure at Mallinckrodt, did you ever use the terms "aggressive leaders"? Did you ever use that term, "aggressive leader"?

Q. How about "conservative adopter"?

Q. While you were at King, did you utilize any type of a survey mechanism to get feedback from any of the healthcare professionals that you were promoting, as far as the messaging that you would be using?

Q. So -- so, hypothetically -- this is a hypothetical -- if a healthcare provider that you were promoting to said to you that -- again, this is hypothetical -- "The drug that you're promoting, we're concerned that it is crushable and that it crushes easy," is that something that you would have gone back and reported to a direct report or a --

Q. -- supervisor?

Q. Yeah. So, I'm not asking you if you --

Q. I'm sorry. You can finish. I apologize.

Q. Healthcare professional --

Q. -- that you promoted to, and you're sitting there talking about this product, and he says to you, or she says to you, "I'm really concerned about how crushable this is and how it is easily abused." Is that something that you would go back to the folks that you work with or for and say, "Hey, this healthcare professional, this is one of the issues that he or she has"? MR. 0'C0NN0R: Same objection.

Q. Why would you have told your manager that they were concerned about that?

Q. And when you say "they," your manager would be?

Q. Right. So, you would tell your supervisors because the healthcare professional had that concern, correct?

Q. All right. And so, I asked you a hypothetical question. I wasn't asking you anything specific yet. Right now it's a hypothetical question, and it is: Whether or not a healthcare professional said to you, with regard to a product that you were promoting -- whether it be Exalgo or anything else, it doesn't matter for the hypothetical -- if they told you that they weren't -- and I'm changing the hypothetical now -- we're -- "I'm not going tc write prescriptions to my patients for this product that you're promoting, Susan, because I think it's easily crushable, and I don't think that's safe." Is that something that you would go back and talk to your manager or the others that you work with at Mallinckrodt?

Q. The only difference between the first hypothetical and the second hypothetical was that in the second hypothetical, I said that they were not going to write scripts because of that information.

Q. Why would, under the first hypothetical, you would tell your managers, but under the second, you would not?

Q. I'm going to ask you the second hypothetical again just so that we have a clear record. If you don't understand something I ask you, just say, "Hey, Mark, I can't understand that. You're not making any sense," or --

Q. It was my question.

Q. I'll ask it again for you. Sure. So, you go to see a healthcare professional that you were promoting to, and when you get to the office, you say, you know, "You don't seem to be writing a lot of prescriptions for this medication. It's a great medication." And the doctor says to you, "I'm not writing any prescriptions, or a lot of prescriptions, for this medication because the pill is easily crushable, and I don't think that's safe." And my question to you is: Do you, after that meeting, go back and tell somebody that you work with, This doctor, here's his concern, or her concern?

Q. Okay. I'm going to strike your -- your -- your latter response as being nonresponsive, but I -- but I do appreciate --

Q. -- the answer to the question, and -- and now I'm going to take it a step further: Is the reason that you would tell somebody that you worked with about the issue, so that you could address the concern that the doctor had, to see if you can address it?

Q. So, you go back and you say, "The doctor has this concern about the pill being crushable. How can we address that?" How can we speak to him or her and let her know, or him know -- address that concern?

Q. Okay. And let's use Exalgo for a second. If Exalgo was the drug that you were being asked about, and the doctor said to you that, It's easily crushable, and I'm not going to write prescriptions, what -- what would your response be to that healthcare professional to address that particular topic?

Q. And with regards to Exalgo since we're now speaking about a product that you did promote -- what physical properties would you -- would -- how would that conversation go?

Q. Okay. Was Exalgo FDA approved to be abuse deterrent?

Q. And would you tell this doctor, under that scenario, that it was not FDA approved for that?

Q. Do you know what opioid phobia is?

Q. Did you promote Exalgo while at Mallinckrodt as having fewer peaks and troughs?

Q. What did that mean to you?

Q. Does the fact that it is an extended-release type of pain medicine make it less -- does it -- does it -- does it -- is there a lower probability that it will be abused?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Does it lower the probability of abuse?

Q. Do you -- do you know when Exalgo launched?

Q. Fair enough. How about -- and I say this -- is it Xartemis?

Q. Fair. How do I -- how do you pronounce it?

Q. Okay. Xartemis. That launched after you got there, correct?

Q. Was XXR another name for Xartemis?

Q. Okay. That was my next question.

Q. Are you familiar with the term "Project Ruby"?

Q. As it relates -- in context with Xartemis?

Q. And was Xartemis an extended-release oxycodone acetaminophen?

Q. You can make fun of me.

Q. It's okay.

Q. Was Xartemis promoted for acute pain?

Q. Was Exalgo promoted for chronic pain?

Q. When you started promoting and selling Xartemis, did you make a switch from account-based selling -- from product selling to account-based selling?

Q. I -- I don't know, so let me repeat the question.

Q. What -- well, what I mean -- what I mean by it I'm not sure is as important as -- as your -- in your duties and responsibilities as a -- a sales representative at Mallinckrodt. Did you understand the terminology "product-based selling" and "account-based selling"?

Q. Okay. Were there some products that were only sold to certain accounts?

Q. Okay. So, would -- so, who would -- who would you be promoting chronic pain medication to? The Exalgo?

Q. And then acute pain to?

Q. Would orthopedists prescribe Exalgo?

Q. During the time period that you were -- during the years that you were selling Schedule II -- Schedule II drugs, was there a time period where they were only being promoted for chronic pain?

Q. I'm going back --

Q. -- to day one for you.

Q. Do you recall when chronic became an indication?

Q. Okay. And when you use the terminology "opioid tolerant person," what is it that you were referring to?

Q. Is there a specific number of opioids they already had to have been on or is that they're currently on them?

Q. At Mallinckrodt, how would you learn of -- let's just use Exalgo, how was it that you learned of the messaging that would be utilized in selling the product to your HCPs, healthcare professionals?

Q. I guess we can start that question. I used the would the word "messaging," maybe it's the same thing. When you say "market it," what do you mean?

Q. Okay. So how is it that you -- how is it when you start at the company it's a new drug to you, how would you learn? How would that be provided to you, conveyed to you?

Q. Okay. And you talked about that fixed two-week training period, correct?

Q. Now, that initial training is because you're new to the company, correct?

Q. All right. And that's a two-week training?

Q. If you're already working at the company and they come out with a new product, like, Xartemis, how is it that you would learn about the messaging or marketing that in that --

Q. And who would that meeting with be?

Q. If you had an issue that came up with regard to a product that you did not know the answer to, would it be some of these people that you would go back to?

Q. Going back to the hypothetical that I gave you with a healthcare professional telling you that they're not prescribing the pill because they think it is crushable and not safe, is that some -- is that a question that would go to the medical inquiry group?

Q. Okay. Who else, if, in addition to them or if it didn't go to them?

Q. And -- and -- and just to be clear: Whether the question went back or not would have nothing to do with whether or not the -- well, let me ask that a different way. If the doctors specifically told you that he or she wasn't going to write prescriptions or wasn't writing many of them because they thought it was crushable and it wasn't safe, would that be something that you would discuss with your other field sales folks?

Q. And then if it specifically was impacting the number of prescriptions that were being written, would that be handled by the field sales group any differently?

Q. Okay. Did you ever have conversations with anyone that worked with, your direct -- let's just talk about your direct report -- as to how many prescriptions the doctors that you are promoting to are writing?

Q. Is that something that was talked abcut?

Q. Would sales have any input into the marketing or messaging?

Q. Any input into the marketing or messaging relating to a product that you were going to promote.

Q. All right. So they didn't listen to you, you don't think, but were there instances where sales would have some opinion based on experience, based on --

Q. Okay. Well, you said, "I don't think they would listen to anything that we had to say." Is there something that you said particularly that they didn't listen to?

Q. Have you ever sold anything besides drugs?

Q. And that was?

Q. Well, thank you. That was some of the medical devices early on in your career?

Q. Do you think you have a heightened level of responsibility when you are describing or selling a drug to a healthcare professional than someone who sells clothing or Girl Scout cookies?

Q. Would you agree that if you are selling Schedule II drugs you even have a more heightened responsibility?

Q. What is the primary role of a sales rep in your position at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And would you agree that as part of that is educating them, educating doctors and positioning the product that you are promoting versus competitor's products?

Q. Would you be -- right. Right. Is that part of your role?

Q. Right.

Q. All right. Good tip. Was one of your responsibilities as a sales rep at Mallinckrodt to grow the market?

Q. Okay. Were you growing anything?

Q. You were with Mallinckrodt four years?

Q. Do you have an understanding of the number of pills being prescribed by the HCPs that you were selling to?

Q. So you recognize the number of prescriptions, correct?

Q. Did you extrapolate that in your mind as to how many pills were actually being sold?

Q. Why not?

Q. As it related to compensation?

Q. Okay. And now I'm not asking you about compensation or the numbers, I'm just asking if you, as a human being, ever thought about -- you thought -- you knew the number of prescriptions, did you ever think about the number of pills that were being taken?

Q. When was the first time you did that?

Q. What do you mean by that?

Q. Did you have -- while you were a sales rep, did you have knowledge of the number of prescriptions that were being written for competitors' products in context of the HCPs that you were promoting to?

Q. Was that information important to you?

Q. Why was it important to you?

Q. Did you ever become -- during the time frame that you were a selling Schedule II drugs, did you ever become concerned with the number of prescriptions that were being written?

Q. Are you aware of an email address at Mallinckrodt that was distributed -- it was like a news blast email that -- that employees would receive?

Q. Did you ever receive any emails at Mallinckrodt that were highlighting or discussing -- I mean discussing pharmaceutical related issues?

Q. I'm not talking about articles or scientific literature. I'm talking about current news.

Q. Do you recall receiving any articles while at Mallinckrodt by way of email that would discuss the opioid epidemic?

Q. Okay. Who determined what salespeople like you should say to HCPs about the benefits of the products that you were promoting?

Q. Okay. Then maybe a better question is: Who was writing the promotional pieces, if you know? Was that marketing?

Q. Did you make any effort to determine whether the messaging that you were providing to HCPs was truthful?

Q. My question is: Did you make any effort to determine -- determine whether the messaging cr marketing that you were providing to healthcare professionals about the products that you were promoting was truthful?

Q. Same question, but I'll change it this way: Did you make any effort to determine whether the messaging, marketing that you providing to the healthcare professionals that you promoting tc was accurate?

Q. Would you agree that it's important that as a salesperson at Mallinckrodt that you describe the risks of the products accurately to the HCPs that you were promoting to?

Q. Do you know if sales materials were consistent throughout the country?

Q. What discretion, if any, did you have with regard to messaging? And an easy one is the order in which you would discuss things with one of the HCPs that you were promoting to?

Q. Yeah. Okay. So I get the contents. Now my question is: Did you have discretion as to how you would convey that to the healthcare professional? The order in which you would possibly discuss any of those things?

Q. Yeah. I'm asking you if you're going to --

Q. So, did -- did Mallinckrodt tell you whether to say hello or not?

Q. But they did give you some script or some message, correct?

Q. Yeah. I'm just trying to understand whether or not, you know -- name another salesperson at Mallinckrodt. Anyone. Name another name.

Q. Okay. Jen Leonard.

Q. When Jen went to a pain specialist and you went to a pain specialist to promote a drug, did you actually have to do it exactly the same way or did you have your own style?

Q. Okay. Is another way to say that you use the approved materials that were provided to you, but the way or the order in which you would convey that could be different?

Q. Would that be fair?

Q. So, the territory that you had at Mallinckrodt that we have discussed, which we'll call the "Akron and south territory," did you ask for that territory?

Q. Does the territory -- I mean, does -- does -- is territory a cherished thing where there are certain territories that people want over other territories?

Q. Would you describe yourself as a successful sales representative while you were at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Why don't you think you had -- if you didn't, why did you think that you didn't have the same level of success at Mallinckrodt that you had at previous places?

Q. What about Xartemis?

Q. Do you know why it was a flop at best?

Q. You may not know exactly, but do you have a hunch why it was a flop at best?

Q. I'm going to turn now to the issue of compensation. Did you have a base salary at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Do you know what that was when you started?

Q. In addition to that $90,000, were there other was there another part of the compensation structure? Another piece?

Q. And we all use the term "bonus," a lot of us use a differently. When you use the term bonus, what is it that you are referring to?

Q. Was your bonus based on the amount of prescriptions that the doctors you sold to wrote?

Q. Are there specific formulas that you can tell me how the bonus worked at any spent time or were they different?

Q. I might have some documents that can help us with that which we will get to. Would you agree that, in general, the more prescriptions that -- the more Mallinckrodt prescriptions that were written in a territory resulted in a lower amount of competitor prescriptions in that same market?

Q. Okay. Would you agree the more pills that were consumed, the bigger the bonus would be?

Q. Prescriptions for what?

Q. Prescription for pills?

Q. But I'm just trying to get from you: When we talk about a prescription, we're talking about a prescription for pills, correct?

Q. Which are pills?

Q. Xartemis and Exalgo are pills?

Q. Okay. So I think that we talked about why you would measure, or want to know about a competitor's share in the market, correct?

Q. You briefly discussed that. Was -- were you aware of a strategy by Mallinckrodt, or by the field sales folks, to take market share away from competitor products?

Q. All right. Exhibit 4, please. Thank you.

Q. Let me hand you Exhibit No. 4, which is Bates range -- and I'm just going to read the last four numbers -- 7380 through 7383.

Q. Are you familiar with this document?

Q. Is that your signature on the last page, 7383?

Q. This confirm that you started at Mallinckrodt on 9-29-11?

Q. If you look on the first page, the 7380 of Exhibit No. -- 4? Four. Top right says, "Covidien." Do you see that?

Q. Who's Covidien?

Q. Was -- you know, you had mentioned tc me that when you left Pfizer, you had mentioned Pfizer was a massive company, correct?

Q. Is that correct?

Q. Okay. Covidien, was that also a massive company?

Q. So, why did you accept the job at Covidien if you didn't know who they were?

Q. Okay. This document on the first page, is -- this is your offer letter, correct?

Q. It talks about a $90,000 annualized salary?

Q. Start date of October 24, 2011?

Q. Talks about a sales incentive compensation program and says you will be eligible to participate in that, correct?

Q. Reimbursed for normal business expenses --

Q. -- correct? Did you have a budget?

Q. And do you recall what that budget was and whether it changed while you were there?

Q. Was it more than $2,000 a month?

Q. What would your budget have been for? I mean, what would be the kinds of things that you would use a budget for as a sales rep at --

Q. Did you take part in the RSIP savings and investment plan, the 401 I think it is?

Q. Stock plan? Stock purchase plan?

Q. Do you currently own any stock in Covidien?

Q. On conditions of employment, bottom cf 7382, it indicates, if you look at the first, second, third -- fourth paragraph down, "Your employment will be conditioned..." Do you see that?

Q. That's a yes?

Q. That's okay. "...upon your execution of an ongoing compliance with the enclosed Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation, and Confidentiality Agreement." Did you sign one of those agreements or any of those agreements?

Q. Do you know whether you signed any type of a nondisparagement agreement?

Q. Did you sign any agreement that you would not talk in an ill manner about Covidien or Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Under that paragraph, it says that you would have submitted to a drug test. Do you know if you did that?

Q. Do you know why they required a drug test?

Q. Is that your answer? Is that why? You think everybody does?

Q. Do you -- do you know why?

Q. I'm going to show you now Exhibit No. 5.

Q. So, there was also a Sales Incentive Compensation Plan, an SICP?

Q. Do you know if during your term with Mallinckrodt, there was more than one SICP?

Q. Okay. What was the point of the SICP?

Q. Yeah. What was it?

Q. Okay. Moving locations created some technical difficulties for us that we're working through.

Q. I'm going to hand you Exhibit No. -- well, I'll wait, yeah. I wasn't going to ask any questions. I was just going to let her read it.

Q. I'm going to hand you Exhibit 5 now. That's the last page, and then -- it should be. Just let's make sure that we're talking about the same thing. Exhibit 5 should be Bates range 6808 through 6815. Do you have all of those pages?

Q. All right.

Q. Okay. So, I was asking you about the sales incentive compensation plan. Are you familiar with the document that I just showed you?

Q. Okay. Does it look like the types of -- or type of document that would talk about sales incentive compensation?

Q. So, when you -- if you would do me a favor and just -- if you'll turn through -- to the second page, I get that you don't recognize -- I think you were already on the second page.

Q. Page 6809.

Q. Any of this ring a bell to you? Territory Quarterly Total Target Dollars, or Balanced Portfolio Bonus?

Q. Okay. Well, I -- you know, I guess I'll ask you the question, then, and you might have already answered it before, which -- but -- but I'll ask you again: How were your bonuses calculated at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. On the second page, which is 6809 at the bottom, Bates?

Q. At the top, it says, "Incentive Compensation Plan is designed to..." Do you see that?

Q. And this document is dated -- it's -- it's the incentive plan for October 2012 through September 2013, right?

Q. So, you were there a year earlier, and you were there for a couple of years after, correct?

Q. All right.

Q. So, this one was for the period of October 2012 through September of 2013, right?

Q. Okay. The --

Q. -- first bullet says, "Recognize and reward high performers through a 'Pay for Performance' plan." What is a high performer?

Q. And do you know what a Pay for Performance plan is? Is that basically what you told me already?

Q. Well, could pay for performance mean that you get paid based on the number of prescriptions that are written in your territory?

Q. All right. The next bullet says, "Meet or exceed the forecasts for our promoted brands." You've already defined the promoted brands that you were involved with, correct?

Q. What are -- what are -- I -- I mean, I know what a forecast is: But in this context, what are the forecasts? What does that mean?

Q. Is that the same thing as a quota?

Q. Okay. If you go down to the Quick Facts, those two boxes that are there?

Q. "Annual Plan Paid Quarterly, Payouts below are per quarter." Do you see that?

Q. It's on -- it says "Quick Facts" right above the second box.

Q. And it says, "Annual Plan Paid Quarterly, Payouts below are per quarter."

Q. And then in the first box, where it has got "$6,500" --

Q. -- do you see that number?

Q. "Territory Quarterly Total Target Dollars for 100% of Goal."

Q. Do you know what that means?

Q. And the "goal," is that what they were forecasting? Who sets the goal?

Q. Well, all right. I understand you had a base salary, correct?

Q. Right. And you also had a bonus structure, correct?

Q. Was the bonus structure important to you?

Q. I appreciate the -- the --

Q. Okay. First of all, don't say that I don't care. It just wasn't responsive to my question. And so, my question is: Was the bonus important to you?

Q. I'm not asking you if it was the most important thing to you. So --

Q. -- it didn't matter?

Q. Were the awards that you received important to you?

Q. Well, doesn't everyone --

Q. Doesn't everyone also want to get bonuses?

Q. And then the Balanced Portfolio Quarterly Bonus, which is that 10,000, do you know what that is? And -- and underneath that, it talks about a "Payable 'kick in' on Exalgo." You can read that if it'll help you.

Q. All right. If you turn to the next page, to 6810, I'm going to direct you to the first, second third bullet point, where it starts with "Representative's goals..."

Q. "Representative's goals and actuals are communicated as TRXs for Exalgo and TRXs for all other product buckets." What is a TRXs?

Q. Okay. So, is it -- is it weighting Exalgo against all other product buckets? Is that what it's doing?

Q. All right. Well, we'll go on. It means total prescriptions, TRXs, right?

Q. Okay. If you drop down now from that bullet point three more to where it says "Product a TRx and TRx territory goals..."

Q. It says, "The promoted products are calculated" -- it says, in part, the "...promoted products are calculated based on assigned locked target lists for each territory." Do you know what an "assigned locked target list" is?

Q. Were you provided with target lists?

Q. What is a target list?

Q. If you turn to page 6812 at the bottom.

Q. It says at the top, "Balance Portfolio Bonus:"

Q. Do you recall any of these categories: Goals met in a quarter? Exalgo and Pennsaid? Exalgo and -- what's Sumavel?

Q. Was that something else that you were promoting?

Q. That's okay.

Q. What? What was that?

Q. Do you know whether these bonuses are weighted by product?

Q. Well, let me ask you this question, then: What does weighted by product mean as it relates to bonuses or incentives?

Q. Okay. And that's the terminology, "weighted"?

Q. Okay. Do you know whether Mallinckrodt weighted any of its products while you were there as it related to the compensation plan?

Q. Okay. And then if you turn the page. Special Achievement Award Program. Are you familiar with that program?

Q. If you turn to page 6815, which is the last page of the document, there's a chart under the Quarterly Payout Grid for Sales Representatives. Are you familiar with that chart?

Q. I mean, is it similar to other incentive plans that you've had at other companies?

Q. Do you see where it says "product bucket" at the top? It says, "Total, Exalgo, Sumavel, and Pennsaid." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Underneath it, it says "Weight," and it says, "100%."

Q. "X, Y, Z."

Q. Do you understand what that means? Do you know what the point of that is?

Q. Okay. We'll get to another document I think that might help with that.

Q. Before lunch, we were talking about the compensation and bonuses, and so I'm going to continue along with that -- my questioning. Do you know who Kitcha is?

Q. Kitcha?

Q. Who is Kitcha?

Q. So remind me, district manager would be the same as --

Q. Okay. Who is Tim Dress?

Q. Okay. So at one point, Tim was a field sales rep --

Q. -- and specialist?

Q. And then he became a district manager like Kevin and like Tim and like --

Q. Okay.

Q. Do you recognize this email?

Q. Okay. Do you see at the top of it it's from Tim Dress to a group of people?

Q. Do you see your name in there?

Q. Did you have any reason to believe that you did not receive this in the ordinary course of your business?

Q. Okay. The folks that are -- we have talked about who Tim is. The folks who are below Tim, Shan Breseman, do you know who that is?

Q. Shan? What is his position?

Q. All right. Erin --

Q. What do you mean by a contract sales force?

Q. Do you know who that company was?

Q. Have you heard the name Inventive?

Q. Okay. And Erin Cox?

Q. Another sales rep?

Q. Are all of these folks in here sales reps, so I don't have to ask about each one?

Q. So the Bates ranges on this is 1244 through 1246; is that correct? Is that what you have?

Q. If you start at the bottom of 1245, second page, which is the first email in this chain, from Kimberly Gawart --

Q. -- to Michael Abbey and others. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know who Kimberly is?

Q. Who is she?

Q. Okay. And this was in August of 2014?

Q. And you were reporting -- did you report to Kimberly at this time?

Q. All right. Do you know who Michael Abbey is?

Q. Are all of the folks that are listed there district managers, from Michael to Robyn?

Q. Okay. The subject of this is "Growth- Congratulations."

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what "Growth- Congratulations" means?

Q. Right.

Q. Who is NCMLT to? Sort of a salutation.

Q. National something? I'm just guessing.

Q. Okay. All right. Are you reading it or -- okay. So it says: Here is where we are in the region, 30 percent growth four weeks over four weeks. Congratulations to: And it lists Mike, Kitcha, Keith and Tim. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what, Congratulations to: Mike Abbey, Pulling the Wagon for the region with 234... -- is that prescriptions, TRXs?

Q. -- ...launched to date? Do you know what that is referring tc?

Q. Okay. So does that mean he has the most amount of prescriptions in his region?

Q. Okay. Well, then let's go down to the bottom, to that chart, which shows 3 North Central Region. Do you see that?

Q. And it says -- Xartemis, XR TRx.

Q. And XXR growth?

Q. And then District. It lists districts for Todd, Vacant, Tim, Mike, Bill, Mike, Keith and Kitcha?

Q. Were you in District 303 with Tim?

Q. Did you know that that was your district, 303?

Q. Okay. Do you know what -- if you go over to the right -- week of July 1, 2014, do you know what 17 means?

Q. So no. District 303, Tim.

Q. And then to the right of Tim, I see a number that says 17 under week of July 18. Do you know what that means?

Q. So that's 17 prescriptions?

Q. Okay. And then it goes across for each one of those districts. I'm not going to ask you about all of them. If you turn the -- well, actually, if you go above the chart, it says, We need to reach... -- do you see that underneath Tim's name? We need to reach for triple digit growth four over four at each district. Kitcha is almost there with 74 percent growth. Do you know what that means?

Q. Okay. If you go to the page before it, which is the 1244, and you look at the next email, which is August 8, 2014. This one is at 1:30 from Krishnan Paranjothi. That's Kitcha, I guess --

Q. -- to the district managers that we referenced before, same subject: Growth- Congratulations, correct?

Q. Do you know why Kitcha was saying, trying to get our reps to think small picture and big picture?

Q. If you go down to the last sentence, which starts with "ten surgeons," would you read that to yourself?

Q. Do you know what that means?

Q. Does it mean that if you get ten surgeons to write ten prescriptions of Xartemis per customer, each week for 13 weeks, it is going to result in 71,000 --

Q. Yeah, there is an extra zero there -- in bonus?

Q. Well, let's go up to the email above it from Tim Dress, which is on August 10, 2014, sent at 10:16, it looks like, p.m., to other field reps, including yourself, correct?

Q. All right. Would you read that email to yourself?

Q. All right. And this email, also the subject says growth and congratulations, correct?

Q. Would you have received these emails a phone or to a -- to your office? Where -- where would you get emails about this time?

Q. Did you have a device?

Q. Okay. So you would have gotten emails to both?

Q. And this was coming from your district sales manager, correct?

Q. So you would have read this in the ordinary course of your business, correct?

Q. Okay. And it's Tim referencing Kitcha's email, correct?

Q. It says: Ten surgeons prescribing five Xartemis per week over 13-week period pays $36,000. Do you see that?

Q. Does that mean that if ten surgeons prescribe five Xartemis per week over 13 week that your bonus would be $36,000?

Q. Okay. And I'm not asking you if the math is correct. I'm just asking you if that's what it says.

Q. And it goes forward to say that: Some of you have made good progress with surgeons and the volume and managed care is there to hit this number. Do you see that?

Q. ... these number.

Q. All right. Our team needs to start thinking more aggressively about what is possible, and if you focus on the right group of surgeons who can do these numbers on a weekly basis. Do you see that?

Q. What did you understand that to mean or what do you understand that to mean?

Q. So did you send him a follow-up and say, hey, Tim, you're my boss and I don't understand your email, can you be clear?

Q. If you received an email from your boss that you didn't understand, would you let him know that you didn't understand it?

Q. Okay. And is it your testimony now that you don't understand what Tim is saying there?

Q. What do you think he means? How are you interpreting that email --

Q. Okay. And when you mean "hit the right targets to obtain growth," what do you mean?

Q. And I just -- I'm just -- when -- the right group of surgeons, what does that mean?

Q. So surgeons that would write prescriptions of Xartemis, those would be the ones --

Q. Can you tell me where in that email it says "for the appropriate patient"?

Q. That wasn't my question.

Q. The next sentence says: You have 30 PPI cards coming this week that guarantee commercial patients will receive Xartemis XR for free. What is a commercial patient?

Q. What is a PPI card?

Q. This means they get Xartemis for free?

Q. Did you question that practice?

Q. Were you concerned with that practice at the time?

Q. It says -- the next sentence: Use these PPI cards to jump-start some of your targets who have not consistently prescribed XXR. I could use 36,000. Could you? Correct?

Q. So focusing on "jump-start some of your targets," does that mean get some of the surgeons to write prescriptions?

Q. Why don't you tell me what that means to you, since this email went to you.

Q. I don't want to make any assumptions. This email was sent to you in the ordinary course cf business by your boss. I'm going to show you probably another 50 like it. So, I'm trying to figure out if you know what that means. If you don't know, then we will move on to the next one.

Q. Would you agree from this email that the term "growth" now is related to number of prescriptions of Xartemis, at least as it relates to this email?

Q. Hand you what's been marked as Exhibit 7. It starts as Bates range 1247 and goes through to 1248.

Q. I guess I really can't see it, so I get it if you can't either, but maybe the first -- at least the first page I thought was --

Q. Okay. This is an email from Brian -- Brian Donalty. Do you know who Brian Donalty is?

Q. Manager of?

Q. Okay. And it says, "Subject: Weekly numbers and XXR total volume rank." Does that mean anything to you?

Q. Okay. Did you keep track of weekly numbers of prescriptions as a field sales rep?

Q. Okay. Why did you do that?

Q. Which was set by the company, correct?

Q. And if you hit your goal, what was the result?

Q. And if you exceed your goal, what is the result?

Q. Okay. So, the -- the -- the original -- the initial email went from Bryant -- went from Brian Donalty to other folks, including -- do you know any of these people that are in that email below?

Q. Who forwarded you the email, correct?

Q. Well, that's -- so, that's -- I'm going to refer to the top, and there's an email dated 8-14 --

Q. -- at 6:13, and I'll represent to you that --

Q. All right.

Q. So, Karen forwarded the email to you. What was -- who was Karen?

Q. Who did what you did?

Q. Okay. Do you know why she forwarded this to you?

Q. Underneath the original email, down there at the bottom, it says, "Team, here is the latest report that includes last week's data at 7/18. I ranked it for you to see where you stand nationally on XXR volume." Do you see that?

Q. It says, "Matt is number 4 in the nation." Do you know Matt?

Q. The bottom of that email says, "The Richmond district is in 3rd place overall. Good job, everybody. Keep working smart." Do you see that?

Q. If you turn the page now to the spreadsheet that was attached to the email, that was forwarded to you, at least the first page of this, which is 1248 --

Q. This is a Mallinckrodt document, correct?

Q. Going back to the first page, do you have any reason to believe that you didn't receive this email in the ordinary course of your business from Karen?

Q. Okay. Have you seen comparisons like the one that is attached to this document before?

Q. What was your territory name?

Q. I don't see it yet, but I think it's there. I just haven't seen it. I see Cleveland. Are you familiar with this chart? I mean, have you seen something like this before while --

Q. Okay. If you just -- if we just look at that first page of this chart, which is 1248 where it says, "Region name, east," and then it says, "District Name, Newark, New Jersey"?

Q. "Territory Name, Plainfeld, New Jersey"?

Q. It says, "TRx growth, I think that's week over a week"; is that correct?

Q. At the end it says, "iPad session." Do you know what an iPad session is?

Q. What did you use the iPads for?

Q. Did you go to Las Vegas for the Fast Start Challenge?

Q. Okay. I'm going to show you a document, which is marked Exhibit 8.

Q. And I'm sort of just asking you whether or not you're familiar with the Fast Start Challenge, which is on the second page of this document.

Q. So from time to time, were there contests depending on whether you met your goals?

Q. Do you know whether you went on this trip?

Q. There's a list of 25 points here. Do you see that?

Q. If you turn to page -- if you go to point number 10?

Q. "Hold your customers accountable and make sure they deliver on their promises to move Exalgo up in their algorithm"?

Q. Do you know what that means?

Q. Terifay Terry -- Terry Terifay to Ron Wickline.

Q. Have you ever heard the term "algorithm" as it relates to healthcare providers and writing of prescriptions?

Q. What does that mean, or what do you mean by that?

Q. Did you have customers that told you that they would move Exalgo up in their algorithm?

Q. Okay. Did you have customers, during the years that you were there, that actually prescribed Exalgo?

Q. What's that?

Q. If you go to 7115, to point 18. It says, "The new messaging is very powerful. Use it along with the new dosing card and you'll hear your doctors say, 'Thank Goodness!'" What is the dosing card?

Q. Was that based on comments they were receiving from healthcare professionals, and then they made that card?

Q. The next number, 19, it says, "Get rid of misperception of poor payer coverage." Did you hear any misperception or anybody talking about poor payer coverage from the HCPs you were promoting to?

Q. And why is that?

Q. If you go to number 23, will you read that with you to yourself?

Q. Did you ever set any expectations with any of your healthcare providers that the patient may call back and what the doctor should do in that situation?

Q. Are you aware of whether others were doing that math and doing that?

Q. Number 24, if you would read that to yourself.

Q. Do you know what that is?

Q. "That" being equianalgesic?

Q. That's it.

Q. Equianalgesic?

Q. Did you tell your healthcare professionals that you were promoting, too, that it was --

Q. Okay.

Q. Exhibit No. 9 is an email, which is a Bates number 4568. It's got this chart to it. And then attached to it is a two page -- mine is back and forward, so I don't know. It's another document that is 1156 through -- this looks like two documents. I'm just asking you about 4568 and the chart behind it, which is 1156. And I don't know how it was copied. Hold on.

Q. This is an email, 1155, which is Exhibit 10. It's from Tim Dress to some folks underneath there, and then Ashley Skop forwarded this to you. Do you see that?

Q. If you go down to the bottom, to Tim Dress's email, where it says, "Weekly tracker for 2/28." it says, "A huge shoot [sic] out to Susan for her outstanding performance the week of 2-28."

Q. "Susan generated 34.3 Exalgo and 8 Pennsaid scripts for the week." Do you see that?

Q. Do you know if this is in regards to you?

Q. All right. In fact, you were actually on that email, as well, directly from Tim Dress, right?

Q. Yeah. Do you see --

Q. Okay. Do you have any reason to believe you didn't receive this email in the --

Q. -- ordinary course? Okay. It says: That puts Susan at 100 percent of goal attainment for quarter 2 with four weeks of data to go. Great job, Susan. If you're having trouble with Exalgo, you may want to reach out to her. So, is this -- the other people that are there, are these field people as well?

Q. And Tim is telling these folks that -- commending you on a good job, correct?

Q. When it's, that -- when he says: That puts Susan at 100 percent of goal attainment for quarter 2 with four weeks of data to go, do you know what that means?

Q. What does it mean?

Q. Who is Dr. Genin?

Q. Your -- I'm sorry.

Q. If you go down to the bottom paragraph, not "I am looking forward to...," but "in Orlando," but the one above it. It says, "Protect the script!" Do you know what that means?

Q. Does that mean anything to you?

Q. And then he says, he looks forward to seeing everyone in Orlando. Did you go to Orlando?

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with a program called Script Tracker?

Q. I'm going to give you Exhibit No. 11. And this is a document that is -- it goes 13946 through 13947. I assume because this is a spreadsheet that was provided to us native and printed out, it's -- it has got same Bates number but it is a total of 28 pages. And starting with the email, do you know who Jeremy Stamer is?

Q. Okay. It was sent to you on November 28, 2012. That's your email address at Covidien?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe you didn't receive this in the normal course of business?

Q. Are you familiar with push reports?

Q. And what were weekly reports?

Q. And when you say "number reports," what do you mean?

Q. It says in that first paragraph: We have improved identification of opt-outs. Do you know what opt-outs are?

Q. And if they don't opt out, then certain data gets sent to Mallinckrodt, and maybe others?

Q. Do you know who collects it?

Q. Okay. And if you go down to the second sentence, in fact, the second paragraph, the second sentence, says: IMS has completed most of the planned Q1 changes to Performance Analytics, although it is still difficult to get to Sumavel data.

Q. Do you know what Sumavel data is?

Q. That's all right. No, you told me that already. If we turn the page, then, and take a look at the data, which is on this spreadsheet, the 28-page spreadsheet, this is the type of weekly report with numbers you're talking about?

Q. Do any of these prescriber names that are on this first page, page 1 of 28, look familiar to you?

Q. And it doesn't matter, pick one, anycne.

Q. Okay. Had to pick a touch name. So Dr. Lababidi is -- do you -- are you aware of whether or not his address was Comprehensive Pain Management?

Q. And the next field, which is C, says, PDRP. Do you know what that is?

Q. Do you know what PDRP stands for?

Q. Opt out?

Q. Okay. And so when you were at other companies, this was the kind of data that you would receive as well, similar?

Q. Okay. And, in fact, at the top of this right where that hole is, it says: Exalgo Target, right?

Q. The top of the spreadsheet.

Q. The next column, which is D, says 13-week total Exalgo, and for Dr. Lababidi, it says 56.3. What does that mean?

Q. This might be a silly question, but: How do you write .3?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. Thirteen-week total market is 338. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. That's in -- that's Column E. What does Total Market mean?

Q. Before I ask you any more questions, I'm going to direct you to page 5 of 28.

Q. Five of 28. Yeah. Sorry.

Q. Do you see where it says Comments and it has got Cell Al, Dl and El?

Q. So Al is?

Q. Dl is: 13 Week total for Product. And then here it says: TRx for Exalgo, aTRx for all other products. What does that mean.

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Okay. And they were --

Q. And they would be referred to as aTRx?

Q. Okay. And then El is: 13 Week total for Market in TRx.

Q. And it says, Market baskets as follows. What does that mean?

Q. Those are the competitors?

Q. Okay. And for Exalgo, it has got Opana ER, OxyContin 100 percent, Avinza, Nucynta ER and Butrans.

Q. All right. So now we can go back up to where we were on page 1 of 28, and we were moving into column number F, which says Exalgo 8/17/2012, and for Dr. Lababidi, it says 9.1. Do you see that?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Okay. And you could carry those -- look at those numbers all the way across and it would be the number of prescriptions?

Q. Correct?

Q. If you turn the page and go to 3 of 28 now, which is which 1 -- which is 3947, Bates 3947, you can see it has got Lababidi, Tony, is -- he's up there at the top again.

Q. Comprehensive Pain Management, we are in column R now.

Q. And at the top, it starts with column R. It has got Exalgo. Next to it, it has got, Market. You see that?

Q. 8/17/2012, 27.8. Can you tell me, based on the comments, what market means?

Q. So for Exalgo, because that's what we talking about, we would be talking about Opana ER, OxyContin 100 percent, Avinza, Nucynta ER and Butrans?

Q. And there you would see how many prescriptions were written for that bucket for those competitors for the same time period?

Q. Okay. So, I understand why you are looking at the number of prescriptions for Exalgo that your HCPs have written. What is the significance, if any, of looking at what the competitors are doing with regards to their prescriptions for that same period of time? And if I asked you that already and you answered it, I apologize.

Q. To see what the HCP is doing --

Q. -- with other prescriptions?

Q. And when you see that information -- and so, for example, if we talk about Dr. Lababidi, same page, page -- that same page that we were on, page 3 of 28, and we are looking at Lababidi, Tony, in column R, and we see Exalgo 6.2, if you look in the next -- in the next column, which does say Market, it is not the same date. So how do you compare those?

Q. All right. Let's do that. If you actually just look at D, you can see the 13-week Total for Exalgo and the 13-week for the Market. Do you see those two?

Q. Which is in -- same Dr. Lababidi, but now we are in columns D and E --

Q. -- on page 1 of 28 or 1 -- or 3947. You have 13-week Exalgo, 56.3, 13-week Total Market 338. So what does that tell you about Dr. Lababidi's prescription habits or routines?

Q. Okay. And again, we know what that total market is because we know what the bucket of competitors is. Does that mean -- as far as being the sales rep for this doctor, do you want to do something different here based on the proportion of how much is Exalgo versus how much is the competitors'?

Q. And so you have those numbers, you'd see that and then you would go talk to him or his office about that issue, correct?

Q. Understood. But it is limited to those competitors which are in that bucket?

Q. Okay. And you would get these weekly?

Q. Okay. Fair enough. If you would give me Exhibit 14 [sic] now.

Q. All right. I'm going to show you Exhibit No. 12 now, which is an email dated 7-9-2013 from Tiffany Henning to you. And it starts at 3926 and it goes to 3927. This is another -- I'll represent to you this is another push report; 3927, but like the prior spreadsheet, is one Bates range or number, but it is pages 1 of 33. If you look at the email, do you know who Tiffany Henning is?

Q. Okay. Do you have any reason to believe that you didn't receive this email in the ordinary course of your business?

Q. Okay. And this contains another push report. Before we get to the report, if you go to the second paragraph of the email, through the extra miles... Though the Extra Mile Challenge has ended, you will still find the Exalgo targets that were eligible for the SPIF identified with an asterisk after their name and IMS ID. Do you know what that means?

Q. Okay. Do you know what it means that some of the providers would be -- would have asterisks related to the Extra Mile Challenge?

Q. Would there be a situation where there was sort of a challenge that the -- that the sales field reps were involved in called the Extra Mile Challenge?

Q. Okay. Are you aware of any time the push reports would contain data that would include notations that refer to challenges within the field sales team?

Q. Would you agree, though, that the numbers that are included in this data could be utilized to determine where people are with regard to their rankings?

Q. And this push report is -- I'm not gcing to go over it. It is similar to the other one.

Q. So I'm not going to ask you any questions about it. Will you show me the next one, please.

Q. Exhibit No. 13. This is another push report. It is dated December 4, 2013 from Travis Moore to you. Do you know Travis Moore?

Q. Okay. And any reason to believe that you didn't receive this in the ordinary course of your business?

Q. Okay. This is also an email that is -- 4002 is the Bates range on the email. And then there is a spreadsheet, which is 4003, which is another push spreadsheet and it's 1 of 25 pages. And to the email, my question is: The second paragraph says: Please note to better align with changes for FY14, SICP -- what does SICP stand for?

Q. The incentive plan?

Q. Okay. -- particularly moving away from a locked target list, the following changes have been made to the push report. What is a locked target list?

Q. Okay. The next -- the next paragraph there: The Non-Target tabs have been renamed to "Exclusion" tabs and only reflect the physicians that have a specialty exclusion or a field submitted exclusion. Do you know what that means?

Q. And by -- just so by that, you mean you wouldn't get credit towards any of these incentives or those things, your numbers?

Q. Okay. So, they changed your nontargets to exclusion for that purpose?

Q. All right. Do you know why they made that change at that point in time to go from nontargets to exclusions?

Q. Okay. What was your expectation of whether physicians relied on sales representatives in deciding whether to prescribe a drug that you were promoting?

Q. I am asking --

Q. -- you if you think they did.

Q. Right. And -- I'm not asking you whc -- who is responsible. And I think you might have answered the question. I'm asking you whether you think they rely on the things that you tell them when you spend time with them?

Q. Do you know what degree? Can you answer that?

Q. Is that different with different HCPs?

Q. Okay. So, we have been talking about these numbers, and two terms that at least come up to me are goals and quota. Is there a difference between a goal and a quota?

Q. And that's a goal in order to receive an incentive?

Q. Are -- is there tracking by territory? Is it national? Is there -- are there multiple ways to track this as it relates to compensation?

Q. So in your territory, you were interested in the number of prescriptions they were writing for the products you were promoting versus competitors' products in your territory?

Q. Right.

Q. Exhibit No. 14. This is an email, which I think is one page. 8035 is the Bates range. And it is from Timothy Dress to several people, including yourself, dated 5-5-214 -- 5-5-2014; is that accurate?

Q. Okay. And your name is in the "To"?

Q. Along with other sales reps?

Q. And it's CC'd to Kitcha, who's the district manager, correct?

Q. And the subject is "Xartemis XR Performance Calls with RSDs and DMs"?

Q. And do you have any reason to believe you didn't receive this in the ordinary course of business?

Q. Do you know what an RSD and a DM is?

Q. Okay. Did you attend calls with RSDs and DMs?

Q. Was that a -- a regular thing? A weekly thing?

Q. Okay. Its -- the salutation is "Cleveland." So, that would include you, correct?

Q. Okay. Who is Stacy Chick?

Q. Okay. The first bullet point, "We continue to see a growth each week for XXR, but not as fast as it needs to be. You need to approach every call with the mindset 'How do I leave here today?' and make sure they are on board." Do you see that?

Q. Do you know who Tim is referring to as "they," for "they are on board"?

Q. Is it -- do you think it's the HCPs that you're promoting to?

Q. How do you grow Xartemis? How do you grow sales of Xartemis for the company as a field sales rep?

Q. If they write

Q. If they write more prescriptions, is that growing it?

Q. The number of prescriptions?

Q. And here, in this first bullet, Tim is saying: We continue to see growth, but not as fast as it needs to be, correct?

Q. Okay. Do you have any reason to believe that Tim is not telling you the truth in this email?

Q. Did you find Tim to be a truthful person?

Q. While you worked with him?

Q. Okay. "You need to approach every call with the mindset, 'How do I leave here today?' and make sure they are on board." "How do I leave here today" is that referring to a doctor's office or an HCP's office?

Q. Okay. The next bullet, "In order to truly grow your business you need to focus on large accounts and spend your time closing the circle" to spend -- I'm sorry -- "closing the circle on them instead of spending time at practices with one physician and less TRx potential." And then there's an example. "If you need to spend several hours at a large ortho group or surgery center to get them on board and fully understand the dynamics of that account, your time is better served than chasing a pain physician across town for one script." Do you see that?

Q. And in that sentence, he used "on board" again, correct?

Q. The next -- the next bullet, "DMs will own one account together with a sales specialist in each territory. We will both be responsible for growing that account. Begin thinking who" -- "Begin thinking who you think that account should be." Did you think who that account should be?

Q. Okay. The next bullet, "Target universe will remain the same, but you will see changes in target potential. Some HT pain physicians will be dropped to ST or T based on contribution to acute pain targeting." Is "target universe" the doctors that you're allowed to promote to?

Q. Well, targets are the HCPs you're promoting to, correct?

Q. Okay. What are HT physicians?

Q. S -- what about "will be dropped to ST or T based on contribution to acute pain targeting." Do you know?

Q. Okay. If we skip the Steph Pap bullet, and we go down to the next one: Quick uptake with XXR found with podiatrists, ENTs, plastic surgeons, orthos, colon rectal surgeons. Follow the data, but these are excellent opportunities for fast growth. Were you promoting to podiatrists?

Q. Okay. ENTs?

Q. Plastic surgeons?

Q. Orthos?

Q. Colon rectal surgeons?

Q. And "Follow the data, but these are excellent opportunities for fast growth." Does he mean, by "the data," the IMS data that we previously discussed?

Q. What other data, as a field sales rep, did you rely upon in -- you know, in analyzing your numbers for --

Q. But wasn't that IMS data?

Q. Okay. So, he's telling you to take a look at that data, but these --

Q. Well, what other data did you follow as it related to looking how to grow the prescriptions with the HCPs that you were promoting besides the data that we've already discussed?

Q. Okay. The next target: "Reps are some" -- Reps are sometimes targeting these offices as early as 6:00 a.m. to see them before they start their day. Do you understand "they" to be HCPs, the doctors?

Q. Fair enough. "A wise man recently told me that our salary pays us for the hours between 8:00 and 5:00 p.m. Our bonus commission pays for our OT. It's up to you how you approach these accounts and gain access." Were your typical days 8:00 to 5:00?

Q. Did you know whether others were not?

Q. I see you smiling, so --

Q. Okay. Thank you. Next bullet: Live programs were mentioned as

Q. Are you familiar with what the live programs were that would be put on?

Q. Okay. Can you please tell me about that?

Q. Would -- would -- would some of the people who would come in and speak, would they be referred to as thought leaders?

Q. Key opinion leaders?

Q. Got any other terms for me?

Q. Fair enough. Let's look at the last bullet on this email from -- from Tim Dress. "When approaching orthos" -- you see this last bullet that I'm reading: When approaching orthos, you need to know the following...

Q. "You need to know the following: What type of surgeries do they do and where? "Which of these surgeries do they use Percocet for acute pain? "Is there a preop packet that goes for each patient? "When and how is the script generated? "Who does the evaluation? "Who write the script? "If you have buy-in and close them for business, you must ask them to look at their schedule to identify patients for XXR that day. There is no reason to wait. We are not looking for one prescription, one TRx. We are looking for them to adopt XXR for all their commercial patients who normally would receive Percocet, Nucynta, or possible OxyContin. "Some of you have relationships to get this done today in certain offices. We will have a template for you shortly that will give you direction when calling on ortho accounts." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Did you have ortho HCPs that you promoted to?

Q. Did you know what type of surgeries they did?

Q. And you were diligent, so you did that, correct?

Q. Did you determine where they did some of their surgeries?

Q. Did you determine which of the surgeries they -- which of the surgeries that they did they used Percocet for acute pain?

Q. But you did know whether or not they wrote a competitor prescription? Maybe not for a specific surgery, but you had that data?

Q. Okay. Do you know -- did you -- would you find out who actually wrote the scripts? What -- do you know what that means?

Q. Who in the office?

Q. Okay. "If you have buy-in and close them for business, you must ask them to look at their schedule to identify patients for XXR that day." Does -- does that mean that you need to ask them to identify the patients that they're going to prescribe the -- the -- the -- the -- the Xartemis to that you're asking them to prescribe?

Q. What does that mean, your --

Q. Okay. Well, did you ever talk to a doctor or

Q. Okay. And that -- you refer to that as pinpointing?

Q. Sorry? Was it --

Q. Are you saying that wasn't your style?

Q. Okay. And would you agree with me, though, that Tim Dress, who's a district manager, back in 5-5-2014, this is what he said should be done?

Q. This email is from him to you?

Q. Do you have any idea what the meaning of that sentence is other than what we -- what I just said it meant?

Q. Okay. Well --

Q. What --

Q. I'm sorry. What is ambiguous about -- and I'll read it again: "If you have buy-in and close them for business, you must ask them to look at their schedule to identify patients for XXR that day. There is no reason to wait."

Q. Okay.

Q. Let me go back to something that we asked before. We talked about live programs and KOLs, and I think you said that -- well, do -- do -- do manufacturers still use those types of programs?

Q. Okay. When you were at Mallinckrodt, they did?

Q. Okay. I got some documents that I can help you with that, that I will --

Q. -- that will refresh your memory. At the current company you're at now, they do not do that?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Okay. Do you know why?

Q. You said -- the word you used was, "this company is very responsible."

Q. What do you mean by that?

Q. I'm sorry?

Q. Okay. But when you're talking about Schedule II drugs, is that what you're referring to?

Q. All right. And do you think that it is a good idea not to continue doing programs like that with thought leaders as it relates to Schedule II drugs?

Q. Do you think that's a -- a good -- a good practice?

Q. It matters to me what you think.

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. During the break, did you have any discussion with your attorney about any of the testimony that you have provided here today?

Q. I'm going to show you another exhibit. This number is -- what number are we on?

Q. Are you familiar with this document? That is -- it's got your name on the top for representative, correct?

Q. It has got district manager Kevin Becker. It is dated 4-4 and 4-12, correct?

Q. Okay. And it is Bates range 0736 through 0738? Is this considered -- are you familiar with these reports, for lack of a better word?

Q. Was it also called a field coaching report?

Q. Okay. Under the Territory 30311, I think you confirmed that was your territory, correct?

Q. And the second box under Sales Call, it says, Exceeds, Meets, Needs Improvement, Does Not Meet. Do you see that?

Q. And under your rating, you did not get any "does not meets," correct?

Q. Same thing for Opening. You got a plus for Opening, a checkmark for Probing, a plus for Close, and Call Objective you got a checkmark, but there is nothing in the note section, correct?

Q. All right. If we go to Pre-Call Planning, what is pre-call planning?

Q. So, he said you needed improvement. It says: This needs to be an area of focus for you, become skilled at using the IMS dashboard to assist. What is the IMS dashboard?

Q. But it is something that, you had it with you, mobile, wherever you were if you wanted it?

Q. Did you have to be on the internet to get it, or was it a program?

Q. Okay. Did you become skilled at using the IMS dashboard?

Q. No. I know. After this, did you become skilled at it?

Q. Okay. Notes your -- under Opening: Your relationship and knowledge of pain market gets you extra time with all your customers, leverages. What does "opening" mean?

Q. And you got a plus mark there, which is exceeds. He said: This is strength of yours. Continue to always ask for the business. What is it that -- do you know what he meant by that?

Q. And he says that that is one of your strengths, so, thanks, correct?

Q. On "Sales Messaging," which is specifically for Exalgo, did the sales representative discuss -- so does this mean that Kevin was with you on -- probably for a ride-along?

Q. Okay. Do you know what, Open with the Big Idea, Do you know what that means?

Q. Do you know the term, Open with the Big Idea?

Q. So was this somebody listening to you having calls and that's why there is Call one, two, three, four, five and six? Is that how this work?

Q. Did you make phone calls in addition to actually going to visit people?

Q. Or would your calls really be --

Q. Fair enough.

Q. It says Managed Care Access under Sales Messaging. What is that?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. But what was -- what was your input with regard, if any, to the formulary?

Q. So based on what kind of coverage they had, it would be --

Q. -- covered? Okay. Above, it says, Appropriate Patient Selection: Vicodin or OxyContin patient. What does that mean?

Q. And so, if they were already a Vicodin or OxyContin patient, they may be an appropriate patient?

Q. And did you promote any of your products to people who were not opioid tolerant so that they had -- maybe they had never taken an opioid before or they aren't already on opioids?

Q. Okay. And how about Xartemis?

Q. So could that be given to an opioid naive person?

Q. Okay. On the second page of this document, 0737, page 203, at the top it says among other things, it says, Exalgo Goal Attainment, 99 percent. Is that a good thing?

Q. Okay. Overall Rank 176. You were up 43 spots from the prior month?

Q. Sales Execution Metrics. Calls per day, 8.5. I guess I ask again how could you do half a call, but--

Q. Okay. So, does that sound about right, 8.5 calls a day, eight calls a day?

Q. Okay. How long would a typical call last?

Q. And were you always seeing the physicians, or were there other people at the offices that you would see?

Q. And Pharmacy Calls Per Day, what does that mean?

Q. Like -- like -- like CVS or Walgreens or one of those?

Q. And what is the purpose of going to the pharmacy? I understand you promote to the HCPs, but what is the pharmacy visit for?

Q. So that when they hand a prescription to a customer they know what to talk about?

Q. What do you --

Q. I got to ask the question again because your attorney objected.

Q. What are you educating pharmacists on, if anything?

Q. Did you have an expectation that the pharmacists were relying on information that you were providing them?

Q. So you felt they were relying on you?

Q. Well, if they weren't relying on you, then why were you telling them? What was the purpose of going there to educate them?

Q. So that they --

Q. So you had an expectation that they were relying on what you were telling them?

Q. Under the Overall Comments, the second bullet point: You are getting a solid base for writers of Exalgo as two offices make up a bulk of the volume in your territory. Things are moving along nicely with Bressi and Lababidi's office. I realize that there are challenges with each, but continue down the path you are going as it is making an impact. Were two offices or -- two of your HCPs making up the bulk of the volume in your territory?

Q. In the second bullet point, you see five doctors?

Q. I'm sorry. You're in the third -- I'm --

Q. I'm one up.

Q. Let me direct your attention, ma'am, to the second bullet point.

Q. That's all right. Sorry.

Q. So, was it correct that two offices were making up the bulk of your Exalgo volume in your territory?

Q. Yeah, I agree. So I'm asking you if you agree with his statement to you?

Q. All right. Well, we probably can do that with some of the other documents that I'm going to show you, but that's what he says anyway. Do you have a reason to believe that he is not accurate in that statement as you sit here today?

Q. And he says: Things are moving along nicely with Bressi and Lababidi's office, but I realize there are challenges with each. What challenges are you having with or did you have with Bressi or Lababidi, if any?

Q. If you go down to the third from the last bullet point where it says: Nice job using the IMS dashboard to identify Opana ER writers. Check in every few weeks to identify additional opportunity. Do you know what he means by checking in every few weeks to identify additional opportunity?

Q. What -- how would you use the IMS dashboard to identify Opana ER writers?

Q. And the significance of that is?

Q. Okay. And would also be an appropriate place for you to promote Exalgo?

Q. And the next one. I'm going to show you what is Number 16.

Q. This is a similar type of field contact report that we had previously looked at, correct?

Q. It has got your name at the top, correct?

Q. District manager Kirk DuMont?

Q. And the date of this one is February 1, 2013, correct?

Q. On your precall planning, if you review the -- read the last sentence, it says -- I'm sorry. If you read the entire Pre-call Planning, it says: Susan, pre-call analysis on your providers is imperative to your success. Please do your due diligence for each provider before each sales call. For you to sell with confidence and conviction, you need to uncover facts about your providers. Please review your IMS data before each sales call and make sure you have an effective action plan to influence your providers to prescribe your products moving forward. Do you see that?

Q. So, is he telling you here that you should review your IMS data to see what competitors' products they are prescribing?

Q. Okay. Why would you look at your IMS data before each sales call to make sure that you have an effective action plan to influence your providers to prescribe your products moving forward if you weren't looking at the IMS data to see what they --

Q. -- were prescribing, what competitors?

Q. Okay. Let's talk about IMS data again for a second, then. It has got -- IMS data has the number of prescriptions by product that a prescriber is writing?

Q. But it has that, yes?

Q. Does it have patient information?

Q. Okay. Then how -- then explain to me how the fact that you know a -- how -- if there is health insurance information on IMS data, what is the significance of that?

Q. What they accept?

Q. Okay. Thank you. Under Routing, do you see where it says your: Make sure that you schedule your days to visit at least nine physician offices a day?

Q. And then do you see where it says -- the next sentence: Susan, you have wonderful relationships with your providers and their staffs. Need to uncover why they are prescribing your products so sporadically.

Q. If you go to the bottom of that page, still on 3049, page 1 of 6, it says that the name Exalgo at the top, correct?

Q. Number 1 says: Adherence to inspire message. I-N-S-P-I-R-E. What is that?

Q. Do you see the last sentence which says: Confront your providers tactfully to uncover why they are not prescribing your product frequently?

Q. Okay. We talked about that. Is that something that you -- you attempted to do more often?

Q. Yes, it is.

Q. I know Kirk put it there. I'm asking whether you did it.

Q. Okay. The next one: Protect the Script. And we talked about this before: Once you have convinced your provider to convert a patient to Exalgo, set the expectations and follow up with your provider in person or by telephone to make sure they titrate the patient to the correct dosage of Exalgo to assure efficacy. Protecting the script is crucial to your success. Does this refresh your recollection as to what they meant by "protect the script"?

Q. I'm sorry.

Q. No, number two: Protecting the script is crucial to your success.

Q. Do you think that he means that once you have

Q. Protecting the script?

Q. Okay. All right. The next document I'm going to show you is number 22.

Q. Exhibit No. 17 is an email from Travis Moore, who I think we talked about before, to you. Do you have any reason to believe that you didn't receive this in the ordinary course of your business?

Q. Okay. The first page is 4431 Bates range, and then the --

Q. Attached to 4431, I will represent to you, are two documents. One of them is a spreadsheet, and the other is something called a Territory Action Plan, TAP 2.0, and I will represent to you that I believe this is the way that this was produced to me. If you go to the email, where Travis is saying, "Thank you for participating in the Territory Action Plan training session..." Do you know what the territory action plan training session is?

Q. Did you go to some national sales meetings?

Q. Okay. If you turn the page to the next document, which is small, the writing is small, so I get that. I'm going to put it up on the screen, and I'm going to make it bigger. I'm going to try to do that anyway. And ask you if you are familiar with this document, which I -- it may be a call note. I'm not sure if that's -- is that a familiar name to you?

Q. Yeah. I'm asking if you've seen this spreadsheet before, Account Evaluation Worksheet.

Q. Was Acuity Specialty Hospital, in the Ohio Valley, was that your -- well, Steubenville wasn't your --

Q. It was? Okay. Good. That's what I thought. Do you know who Desai Himanshu was? And -- column 9 -- I'm sorry -- column 10? Acuity Specialty Hospital, Ohio Valley? You can see it right there on the screen. The cursor is on it, Acuity Specialty Hospital, Ohio Valley. Steubenville, Ohio, is the city and state. Under the practitioner, it says, "Desai Himanshu." Do you know who that is?

Q. All right. Do you know who any of these -- do you know who Augusto Fojas is? John Cherian? Any of these?

Q. Did you say that you were familiar -- that you've seen one of these before?

Q. If we just start with this one, which is -- it says "Account Type." It says, "Acuity Specialty Hospital, Ohio Valley." Facility type is "Other." Steubenville, Ohio, which was in your territory.

Q. The practitioner was Desai Himanshu, who I understand you do not recognize. Gastroenterologist, was that somebody that you would have called on, maybe for colorectal or --

Q. Do you remember having any data that talks about procedure, data that talks about the total number of procedures?

Q. Let me see if I can search for somebody. So, none of these providers, practitioners that are here on this page, ring a bell?

Q. Name one that does.

Q. Roger Palutsis --

Q. -- right there.

Q. Okay. So, I have my cursor on him now.

Q. He's an orthopedic surgeon?

Q. Do you have any idea what any of this Procedure Data or Outpatient Total means? Any of these columns? Ortho?

Q. So, this -- was this data that you had -- and I -- was this data that you had access to, or you just never saw this before?

Q. Do you know what "HMS Outpatient Procedure Data, 52 weeks," means?

Q. Okay. How about here where it talks about OBGYN, Colorectal, Gastric Bypass, with regard to procedures? Never saw this data before?

Q. Do you know why Travis would have been sending this to you?

Q. If you will turn to the next document, which is -- it's the TAP, Territory Action Plan, which is -- yeah, there you go. You got it. Are you familiar with this document?

Q. What does TAP mean?

Q. Right. And what is the purpose of the TAP?

Q. And what did you use it for?

Q. If you look at the second page of the Territory Action Plan, TAP 2, which is also on the screen, you see where it says, "Physician Level Data Reference Overview"?

Q. If you -- I had asked you before if you knew what HMS went -- meant. If you turn two pages to Integrated Data Asset Review.

Q. It says, "Asset. HMS. Symphony PHAST. IMS Xponent. Field Intel." Do you know what any of that is?

Q. Right. Which says, "XXR TRx. 0xy market TRx. And Hydro market TRx." Right?

Q. If we go up to the top again, where it says: Asset. HMS. Account identification, Account type, Procedure volume/type, HCP Specialty/affiliation. Look, if this is -- if it's not ringing a bell and it's not something that you've dealt with, then -- then I'll just move on. But you do know what the TAP was, so I'm trying to figure out how TAP relates to that spreadsheet, if it does.

Q. Okay. Well, what did you -- what -- I mean, what was the purpose of having something called TAP? What was the Territory Action Plan for?

Q. Besides --

Q. -- IMS, did you look at any type of databases while you were at Mallinckrodt as part of what you did as a field sales rep?

Q. Anything besides IMS.

Q. Okay. Are you aware of the -- any industry suggestions on how long a typical interaction is between a drug representative and a physician?

Q. If Ron Wickline would have confirmed in his deposition that most interactions were in the range -- that the industry suggestion were that most interactions were in the range of a couple of minutes, would you disagree with that?

Q. Were you told as

Q. Were you told to lead your sales calls by talking about the warnings of a product?

Q. Did you feel that that was in any way in conflict with the compensation program?

Q. Do you know what chronic opioid therapy is?

Q. Have you heard of chronic opioid therapy before?

Q. What is chronic pain?

Q. Do you know what that time is?

Q. Do you know whether or not opioid therapy was appropriate for chronic pain?

Q. Did you have an understanding that the use of opioids was appropriate for chronic pain?

Q. Are you familiar with any promotional materials from Mallinckrodt that indicated that the risk of addiction is low?

Q. Any promotional materials that indicate that the risk of addition to opioids is low?

Q. Did you ever say that the risk of addiction from opioid therapy was 1 percent?

Q. Did you give any percentage?

Q. Did you ever discuss whether or not addiction can be identified and managed by any of your HCPs?

Q. Does that mean you may have and you just don't remember?

Q. Sure. Did you discuss with your HCPs whether addiction could be identified and managed?

Q. I'm asking if you discussed addiction with any of your HCPs.

Q. Okay. Nothing else?

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with the term "pseudoaddiction"?

Q. What is your familiarity with that?

Q. Okay. Did you ever discuss opioid withdrawal tapering with any of your HCPs?

Q. Or opioid withdraw, either?

Q. So, the answer is, yes, you would have discussed it?

Q. What about tapering from opioid withdraw?

Q. Okay. Did you have any discussions with doctors about whether or not increasing opioid doses would be with or without additional risk?

Q. Did you discuss with any of your HCPs whether long-term opioid use impacts or affects natural functioning, ability to function?

Q. Did you discuss the risks and benefits of alternative forms of pain relief for chronic pain --

Q. -- besides -- besides opioid use?

Q. -- forms of pain relief for chronic pain?

Q. No. That's not opioids. Other forms not including plaids.

Q. Okay. What did you -- did you say anything or discuss with your HCPs the risks and benefits of alternative forms of pain relief for chronic pain, not opioid use or opioid treatment?

Q. So, the answer is no?

Q. Did you ever have any discussions with any of your HCPs about whether OxyContin is stronger than Morphine or vice versa?

Q. And whether or not it was stronger than the product that you were promoting?

Q. Okay. But did you have any discussions with any of the HCPs about that?

Q. You indicated it was a topic with physicians, so when you say it was a --

Q. Okay. How do you know it wasn't --

Q. How do you know it was a topic with physicians?

Q. What types of screening tools were ycu provided with at Mallinckrodt that you provided your HCPs with as it related to the promotion of any of the Schedule II drugs?

Q. Did you provide the -- the HCPs with any type of quizzes or information that they could review to see whether or not somebody was a candidate tc go from

Q. With regard to Xartemis, did you find, at least in your territory, that there was difficulty in getting doctors to prescribe Xartemis?

Q. Were you ever told by any of your supervisors to back off selling Xartemis to any of the pain doctors that you were promoting to?

Q. Yeah, to stop promoting the drug.

Q. Okay. I'm going to show you the next exhibit, which is 23. How did you make a determination -- well, first of all: Were you the one that made the determination which HCPs or targets in your territory you were going to promote to?

Q. Do you know how that determination was made?

Q. Okay. I'm going to show you what is marked as Exhibit 18.

Q. The cover email is Bates range 8669. It's an email from Kirk DuMont to you. Do you see that?

Q. Subject: Susan, here you go?

Q. Attachments: 1 Exalgo, 3 months 3-13 Prescriber Ranking - Product Top 30 , 3-13 Prescriber Ranking. And these are for different medications, correct?

Q. And it says -- do you have any reason to believe you didn't receive this email in the regular course of your business?

Q. Susan, please review the attachments and look for opportunities to increase your TRxs -- which are prescriptions, correct?

Q. Additionally, can I ride with you for one day this week, correct?

Q. Okay. So he provided you the attachments that we are going to look at next, and said, Look for opportunities to increase your TRxs, correct?

Q. And the documents that are attached, they go from Bates range 8670 to 8684. If you turn to the page 8671, which is a sort of a grayed-out page.

Q. It says at the top, "Prescriber Ranking - Product To." Do you see that?

Q. And then if you turn the page to 8672, "Prescriber Ranking, Product Top Performers." Correct?

Q. So what is the Prescriber Ranking Product Top Performers list?

Q. Meaning the top -- what does top performers mean as it relates to HCPs in your territory?

Q. And does that mean they write the most prescriptions for the drugs that you are promoting in your territory?

Q. Okay. And how is that determined that they have the most potential?

Q. Okay. So for number -- let's just start with Top 30 Prescribers for Exalgo. You see that?

Q. Number 1, it says: IMS Id Prescriber, and it gives a number, and it says, Guang Yang. You mentioned his name before, correct?

Q. Territory, Akron, Ohio, correct?

Q. He's a physical medicine and rehab doctor?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. And Tier, it says EN. What's that?

Q. Okay. And it says, Decile. What does Decile mean?

Q. The higher the decile the -- does that mean -- what does that? How do that correlate for you?

Q. So you would expect that the higher decile numbers are the physicians that would be the top performers?

Q. Okay. Target Flag. Why? What does that mean?

Q. Contact Calls, eight. Do you know what that means?

Q. And he was your -- he was one of your HCPs, right? Nobody else from Mallinckrodt would be calling on him?

Q. TRx, 30. So that means 30 prescriptions for Exalgo for some period of time?

Q. And then, Market TRx. It says 2,595. Does "market," again, refer to the competitors?

Q. Can you tell who the competitors are from this document?

Q. So, the top -- it says, Top 30 Prescribers for Exalgo, correct? You see that?

Q. If you drop down to the bottom, it says, Top 50 Prescribers for Hydrocodone and Combos. Do you see that?

Q. What are hydrocodone and combos?

Q. So if we go down to the -- you turn the page now to 8673, we have got -- the first one is Guang Yang again?

Q. And this time, again it is -- this is under Top 50 for Hydrocodone and Combos. If you move over to Market TRx and -- something is not right about that number. Oh, no, there it is. I see the delineation. The TRx is 912. The Market TRx is 2,595, correct?

Q. So is this telling you how many hydrocodone and combos he prescribed for some period of time?

Q. Okay. Short-acting. Thank you.

Q. Now, Kirk sent -- Kirk sent this to you and said, Please review the attachments and look for opportunities to increase your TRxs. So as a sales rep, how would you look at this to see how you could increase your TRxs for the products that you were promoting?

Q. And that means he has a business busy practice; is that accurate?

Q. And he would be somebody that you would want to prioritize on your target list?

Q. Okay. Are all of the doctors that are on this sheet in your territory? Are they all -- do they all say Akron?

Q. Some of them say family medicine. What does that mean?

Q. And would they be targets for Exalgo?

Q. Would they be targets for Xartemis?

Q. Okay. How often would you get prescriber rankings like this of your prescribers?

Q. Is this just looking at the IMS data in a different way? Is that what this is, a different way to compile it?

Q. Right.

Q. Yes, it is. If you go to page 8678. Are you there?

Q. And you go up to number 48, Ifeoma Okeke.

Q. And you go across to 11 and 60.

Q. And that would be 11 TRxs of the short-acting hydros -- the short-acting pain relief and a bucket for the -- would be the competitors' bucket of 60, right?

Q. That would be -- those would very small numbers, correct?

Q. That wouldn't be very high up on your list? In fact, it is 48 out of 50, correct?

Q. If you drop down from there a few more, it says, Top 50 Prescribers for MS Contin, B/G Total. What does that mean?

Q. Looks like Dr. Guang Yang is at the top again; is that correct?

Q. Was he one of your busier HSPs?

Q. Understood. And again, the purpose of this target list was to decide who you would prioritize for purposes of making calls to?

Q. If you go to page 8681, and it -- sort of close to the bottom, right above, of course, Guang Yang's name, Top 50 Prescribers: Exalgo Market Basket Market.

Q. Do you know what that means?

Q. Actually, it's the same -- it is the same thing we looked at the first --

Q. -- the first one. It might be a --

Q. Yeah. Same numbers. How often would you receive documents like -- or spreadsheets like this in this form?

Q. Okay. Thank you. Starting the second notebook. I saw you watching that. You can put that down. Thank you very much. It's been very helpful. I'm going to show you the next exhibit, which is exhibit -- which is 24. I don't know what number it is. I'm lost.

Q. Exhibit 19.

Q. I'm going to continue along with the conversation regarding the prescriber rankings and the highest prescribers. Here is Exhibit 19.

Q. This is an email chain, Bates range 7525, 7526. On the second page of the -- the email, which is the earlier email is from Kimberly Stakleff to you. Do you see that?

Q. No. I'm seeing Stakleff, S-T-A-K-L-E-F-F. Second page.

Q. Sorry.

Q. That's all right.

Q. My bad. Dated September 19, 2014.

Q. Subject, Urology Resident Journal Club. Do you know who the Urology Resident Journal Club is?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that you didn't receive this in the --

Q. -- ordinary course of your business?

Q. Okay. Reading that email: On September 19, 2014: Hi, Susan. Nice talking to you today. So glad you want to sponsor one of our journal clubs. What is a journal club?

Q. How, in fact, would you, as a field sales rep, sponsor such a journal club? What does that mean?

Q. And if you turn the page to 5725, which is September 20th email from you to Mr. Dress regarding Urology Resident Club, you say to Tim -- do ycu see that? And then if you turn the page, you can see the body of that email. Have you read that?

Q. And then if you turn the page back to -- so you sent that email. And then Tim sent an email to you and other sales reps on September 21st forwarding your email. Do you see that?

Q. And it went to the Cleveland and Cincinnati teams?

Q. "Great job" here by you, correct?

Q. What was it that he was saying great job by you? What was he referring to?

Q. Okay. Well, why don't you read the -- let's read the second -- let's read that paragraph that I'm talking here where it says, "Cleveland and Cincinnati Teams" so that we can talk about what he was telling you that you did a great job for: We discussed the potential in urology at our district meeting in Columbus, Ohio. Susan does a great job for closing for Dr. Bologna's surgery day and working with key pharmacies to protect the script. Do you see that?

Q. Dr. Bologna also helps. Susan scheduled time to present to resident urologists at Akron General via the journal club. Correct?

Q. This is important as we know that oftentimes it is the residents who were writing the prescriptions postop. Great job, Susan. Let me know what you need for the journal club. Do you see that?

Q. So, is what Tim is telling you here is that you are -- that you are going -- that you are utilizing your promotional -- that you are using the ability to promote to urology -- urologists here with Dr. Bologna?

Q. So, there was a prior email -- a prior exhibit, and we can pull it out if you need tc, which indicated that there was opportunity with certain types of doctors, and one of them were urologists. So, when he says, We discussed the potential in urology at our district meeting in Columbus, Ohio, is he referring to the fact that there is a potential to get -- to have urologists write scripts for one of our products?

Q. And then let's go up to the top where you forward this to Kimberly Gawart. Who is that?

Q. Actually, underneath it, Kim responded to "All" and said: This is how it is done, folks. Great work, Susan. Right?

Q. And then you relied her: Thanks, Kim. Let's hope it all turns into scripts. What did you mean by, "Let's hope it all turns into scripts"

Q. And to write -- to write prescriptions?

Q. Do you know what a surge meeting is?

Q. It is not on that email, so --

Q. Okay. Here's number 20.

Q. Exhibit No. 20. I don't know if it's one page or two -- it's two pages starting at 1242 and ending at 1243. It starts with an email -- or it doesn't start with an email. It -- yes, it starts with an email from Michael Noel. Do you know Michael Noel?

Q. Okay. He sends it to folks, including Tim Dress. Do you see that down there on July 23rd?

Q. Then if you go up to the next email up at the top, it's from Tim Dress to what appears to be the field sales folks, including you, correct?

Q. Dated July 24, 2014, correct?

Q. Yeah. Any reason to believe you didn't receive this in the ordinary course of your business?

Q. Okay. If you look at the bottom email, it says: I had some time and put my personal notes from the surge meeting into an easier to read format than my legal pad. And then if you turn the page, it says, "Sheet 1." There are 43 -- for lack of a word, 43 bullets. Do you see that? It's the second page of the email. And these bullets were forwarded to you by Tim in the 7-24 email, correct?

Q. All right. We'll go with 51 or 43, either one.

Q. Okay. Either number, 43 or 51.

Q. So, back to my question. These notes would have been forwarded to you from your boss, from Tim Dress, correct?

Q. He sent them to you because he wanted you to read them, correct?

Q. Well, if you read the -- under "Surge Notes" under attachments, it says, "CD." Do you know what "CD" stands for?

Q. "More notes from Surge meeting. Please take

Q. Do you see where he says, "Please take a look at the notes"?

Q. So, let's take a look at the notes.

Q. That's what the emails say.

Q. And then Tim is sending them to you because it's "Good stuff!" And so, I'm going to start with number one, "Frequency matters." "Call per week drives activation. Follow up on the PPI cards." The PPI cards were the ability to get free pills, correct?

Q. Free prescriptions?

Q. What were the PPI cards?

Q. We did, but your counsel objected, sc I have to go back and ask it this way.

Q. It gave you free prescriptions for Xartemis?

Q. Free trial?

Q. Do you know what call per week drives activation. Do you know what activation is?

Q. Okay. Is it that you don't know now, or did you never know what that meant?

Q. Okay. And you didn't know what it meant when you received this email?

Q. Okay. And did you ask Mr. Dress, your boss, what he meant by -- what Mike meant by that or --

Q. Okay. "While persistence is critical, knowing when to move on to the next office is also critical. Why haven't they RX'd yet?" What does that mean to you?

Q. Okay. The -- the next -- the next -- the next point: The Turn is the mild [sic]. May time point when we left pain specialty to focus on surgical specialty.

Q. Do you know what was meant by that?

Q. Yeah, okay. You're right.

Q. Thank you. Thank you for that.

Q. You don't know what activating -- we already got to that. So, number 5. "Knowing the" -- "Knowing the differences between driving business and having a busy week." That's self-evident. The next one: Step process. Do you know what that means?

Q. Yeah, "Five-step process." Sorry.

Q. Next one is "Set up unmet need." Do you know what that one means?

Q. On point No. 9, "Sell benefits of IRER. Misperceptions exist surrounding extended release." Do you know what was meant by that as was discussed at this surge meeting?

Q. Number 13, "Get a doctor to sponsor you into the offices. Gain a friend inside the surgery centers." Why would you want to do that?

Q. "Google" -- next one, "Google search specialties and qualify the number of surgeries per week they do." Is that something that you did?

Q. Okay. The next one is a -- I'm sure I'll get this wrong -- a bunionectomy.

Q. "A bunionectomy. Very painful. Completed by

Q. What does that mean?

Q. I'll just ask -- I'll just ask the question again. How about this? Did you promote to podiatrists?

Q. Did you promote to plastic surgeons?

Q. Did you agree --

Q. Did you agree whether these are low hanging fruit offices?

Q. Okay. Number 27, "Get viral prescribing." Do you know what that means?

Q. No. Mine says, "Get viral prescribing."

Q. All right. Number 37 or 28, depending on which number you're looking at, "Ask doctor, 'Can I bring in lunch for you while you are in surgery?' So when you check with office surgery center manager, you can inform them, doctor asked me to bring in lunch for him or her." Is that something you would do?

Q. Okay. Number 46 or 37, "Each day starts at zero. No annuity TRx is given." Do you know what is meant by that?

Q. Yes.

Q. Exhibit No. 21, if you recognize that. This is a -- appears to be a two-page document, 7412, 7413. It says, "Exalgo" at the top, "Extended-Release Tablets." Are you -- do you recognize this document?

Q. Is this the type of document that you would leave behind with a HCP?

Q. Okay. So, are there some documents that would be used to train you that you would not provide to your HCPs?

Q. And is that what you think this is?

Q. Okay. If you look at key selling messages, it says, "Situation." You see that?

Q. "Set up the situation of the patient presenting to the HCP with a pain score of a six to seven while on their current opioid regiment. Establish that Exalgo might be able to help." Is this suggesting what you would do when you're promoting the product to an HCP? You would say, "Assume you have a patient that has got a pain score of six to seven"?

Q. Okay. What did you do, then, with regard to Exalgo --

Q. -- specifically?

Q. What do you mean by that?

Q. And how were they being used at the time?

Q. If you go to Key Success Factors on the second page, "Move Exalgo up in the treatment algorithm." We talked about that, correct?

Q. Under "Supporting Material/Programs" "Master Sales Aid," do you know what that is?

Q. You did have one?

Q. So, was the master sales aid for -- for the field reps, or was it to provide to the doctors?

Q. Well, how about number three? "Speaker Programs"? How about that?

Q. What was the purpose of speaker programs as it related to being a supporting material or program?

Q. Okay. Let me show you the next document.

Q. Causing trouble. Thank you.

Q. I'm going to show you Exhibit No. 22. I asked you about a wrestler earlier. So this document is Bates range 3238 through 3248, and it says, "Why wrestle with chronic pain?" And it has got

Q. Yes. Are you -- do you recognize this document --

Q. -- as something that you would have used?

Q. If you go to page -- it looks like the third page in, it -- it's 3241. It says, "Once daily Exalgo reduces peaks and troughs." Do you see that?

Q. Well, it's the fourth page, and it's 3241.

Q. Is this something that you would have discussed with the doctors that you were promoting Exalgo to?

Q. And if you turn the page, it says, "Exalgo utilizes the OROS osmotic system to provide hydromorphone at a steady rate." Is that something you would have also discussed while you were promoting it?

Q. Let me show you another document. Maybe the shopping cart document.

Q. Exhibit No. 23, which is Bates range 3355 through 3363.

Q. Okay. So, is this consistent with the -- the -- the peaks and troughs one, which is 3357, would be something consistent with what you would have utilized to promote Exalgo?

Q. Would you be discussing that while ycu were there promoting a drug?

Q. Or selling a drug?

Q. Okay. All right.

Q. You had previously -- I think I had asked you and you had testified that you had went to pharmacies to talk to pharmacists, correct? Along the line of pharmacies, are you aware of any issues that were taking place during your tenure at Mallinckrodt where pharmacies were having an issue keeping your product in stock?

Q. Yeah. Okay. And I have some document -- I'm not trying to trick you. I'm just asking you whether that is something that rings a bell. Next exhibit is -- in order for a doctor to -- I mean, a doctor can write a prescription, but in order for the doctor to fill the prescription the pharmacy has to have the medication, correct?

Q. Okay. I'm going to show you what is marked now as Plaintiff's Exhibit Number 24.

Q. And just direct your attention to at least the top of that email. It is 1239 through 1240. The top of the email is from Tim Dress, a district manager -- your district manager, correct?

Q. Sent to field reps, including yourself, correct?

Q. Dated 7-11-2014, correct?

Q. It says, Subject: Interesting data, Pharmacy Stocking Program. Do you see that?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe you would not have received this in the ordinary course of business?

Q. Are you familiar with the pharmacy stocking program?

Q. I think it is Xartemis. But if you turn to the next page, which is 1240, there is a email from Debra Haase. Do you know Debra?

Q. It when to Stacy Chick, who we talked about earlier. We talked about Kimberly Gawart as well, right?

Q. In any event, it is -- that is dated July 11th, and it says: Thank you for the opportunity to meet this week and discuss the Pharmacy Stocking Programs. Per your request, attached is the pharmacy stocking program report for June month-to-date and program to date. The file contains three worksheets. You will want to review the Territory Summary and Pharmacy Detail Worksheets. Do you see that?

Q. It's the first paragraph.

Q. And if you turn back to the first page, that was sent to then Kirsha -- Kitcha -- sorry -- sent that to a group of people, including Tim Dress, and then that gets us to the final email which we talked about, which is where Tim sent it to his folks, which included you on 7-11-2014, right. He's using that term "CD" again. Do you --

Q. All right. Makes sense. And he says: I hear from everyone that pharmacy stocking is an issue. Let's make sure you are using this tool. If we are making three pharmacy calls per day, we should certainly have better utilization of this resource. When a pharmacy tells you they will order a bottle, use this tool to help them follow through on their commitment. Do you see that?

Q. All right. So when you visited pharmacies, was stocking an issue?

Q. Right.

Q. If you turn to the Pharma Centra National Summary, the spreadsheet starting at 1241. Do you see that?

Q. Yeah. That's all right.

Q. Are you familiar with this report?

Q. Okay. If you turn to page 4 of 7 of the spreadsheet.

Q. That actually lists -- because this is a long spreadsheet, so -- so under those columns, it actually lists the Territory ID, the rep's name from Mallinckrodt. It also lists the completed -- the Completed Pharmacy Name. Do you see that?

Q. So this is tracking inventory at pharmacies? Is that what this is doing? And is this something that you used?

Q. Okay. Tim was sending it to his field reps, including you, and saying that everyone should be using this tool. And I get you're saying that you don't recall it, but that's what Tim said, correct?

Q. No. He said, Let's make sure you are using this tool.

Q. All right. Notwithstanding -- notwithstanding whether you used it or not, you definitely -- when you visited pharmacies, one of the issues was ability to get the medication, correct?

Q. Whether it was ordered or otherwise?

Q. Let's go --

Q. So when you promoted either Exalgo or Xartemis, would you talk about the pharmacies in the area, the local pharmacies in the area where their -- where the patients could prescribe the -- could pick up the prescriptions?

Q. Okay. Let me show you the next email that -- the next exhibit, which is Exhibit 30 -- Exhibit 25.

Q. Again, along the lines of the pharmacy stocking issues. This is a two-page email, 1188, Bates 1189, dated April 16, 2014. At least the top email from Tim Dress again to field reps, including yourself, correct?

Q. Any reason to believe that you did not receive this in the ordinary course of your business?

Q. It started out with an email from Kitcha to Tim and other district managers, correct?

Q. Right. And then Tim forwarded it to -- to you-all?

Q. And then Tim said: I'm trying to get some feedback on how we can get better secure stocking our pharmacies for Kitcha. If you -- if you drop down to Kitcha's email, then, on that same page where it says "NCR." We all know how important it is to stock pharmacies so physicians do not get frustrated when they write XXR and the patient calls back and says the pharmacies don't have it. Correct?

Q. That is obviously something that you do not want to happen, right?

Q. And then he provides some general thoughts, correct?

Q. It says, "My general thoughts." Do you see that?

Q. Right.

Q. And then just going back up to Tim's email. One of the things that he says is: I would add that with a 230 -- a $230 WAC a bottle buy-back program and specific physician demand, what do they have to lose?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. That means what, the pharmacy --

Q. So if the pharmacy ordered it and it didn't get -- and they couldn't sell it, then Mallinckrodt would buy it back in a bottle buy-back program?

Q. And so Tim's point is: What do they have to lose, they should order it?

Q. Give you another exhibit, which is Number 26.

Q. This is 3820 through 3825, although it looks like there is a lot more pages here. So, let me see if I can't figure out. Let's just start with the email.

Q. Do you know who Mike Patterson is?

Q. Okay. I'm seeing whether or not this is something that you even received. Do you see where it says, MKG Pharma Field Sales, [MKG-Pharma-Field-Sales@Covidien.com.]

Q. Was that an email address that included the sales reps, the field sales rep?

Q. Okay. If you go down to this -- this email where it says, Subject: Exalgo Free Trial Regional Training Call. Do you see that under the subject --

Q. -- of the email? Sorry.

Q. And then you go down, it says: Who says there is nothing free in life?

Q. If you turn the page a couple of pages to 3822, is this something that you were familiar with as

Q. And what is this or what was this? What is this?

Q. So this would be given to a HCP to provide to a patient?

Q. And they would take this with their prescription to the pharmacy?

Q. And this was good for two seven-day supplies of Exalgo?

Q. Any other place you worked that you sold Schedule IIs, did they have free trial offers?

Q. If you turn the page to -- two pages to where it says, Patient Conversion & Initiation Kit?

Q. It's a total of 11 pages. Exalgo Patient Conversion Initiation Kit, 14-Day Free Trial Voucher. Do you know what this is?

Q. Yeah. Okay. Is that what we were just talking about, the --

Q. Okay. And if you turn the page to page 2, it talks about the Program Goal, which is, "To accelerate Exalgo growth trends by allowing physicians to secure real-life experience with Exalgo at no cost to patients."

Q. And the third one says, "Once these findings are confirmed, your position to move Exalgo up in the prescriber's treatment algorithm," correct?

Q. And underneath it, it says, "This leads to sustained prescribing habits and improved sales volume," correct?

Q. Okay. Would you agree with me that many of the emails that we have seen that comes from Tim and others -- other district managers discuss the -- discuss the numbers. And when I say "the numbers," I'm referring to the amount of prescriptions, whether it's for Xartemis or Exalgo?

Q. Okay. So is that responsive or are you answering my question saying yes, or you just don't remember or --

Q. Okay. I understand the answer now.

Q. But a lot of emails from district manager, including Tim, that talk about numbers and how we can increase the numbers, correct?

Q. Yes, it was. I'm going to show you another document which we are going to mark as Exhibit No. 27.

Q. And this is a -- at the top of the email, it is another email from Tim Dress, dated May 2, 2014. Do you see that?

Q. Right. And it went to field sales reps such as yourself. You're on that list, correct?

Q. Do you have any reason to believe that you didn't receive this in your ordinary course?

Q. Subject is: 5/2 XXR Field Conference Call Notes, correct?

Q. Did you have conference calls -- field conference calls or with your people in your territory or with your district manager, if you recall?

Q. Do you see where -- if you go down to the bottom email, which is from Neal McDaniel. Do you know who he is?

Q. It is dated May 2nd. He is sending this to Tim Dress and other district managers, cc'ing Stacy Chick. Do you see that?

Q. And he talks about, Here are the comments from today's call. Then he forwards -- Tim forwards that to you and other field sales reps, right?

Q. All right. The first bullet point: More than one bottle needed in pharmacies once you get them in writing. We are losing scripts in some cases. Actually, if you go to the -- the sentence above that: I am forwarding the call notes from the Xartemis XR call that Erin and I participated in this afternoon. Who is Erin?

Q. Is she a district member or just a rep?

Q. Okay. And it says, Key Takeaways: Do you see that?

Q. So he wants to share the takeaways from the call with the rest of field reps, correct?

Q. All right. First bullet point: More than one bottle needed in pharmacies once you get them in writing. We are losing scripts in some cases where a physician writes one month 120 count and they do not have an adequate quantity. So that's talking about the pharmacy issue again, correct?

Q. Okay. And what does it mean, "Pharmacies do not like to do partial fills. Many of our scripts are for 100 pills. What is happening to these scripts?"

Q. What is a partial fill, so that I understand.

Q. Okay. And again, this is an email from your district manager to the field sales reps, right?

Q. To your district. Right? The next bullet point: Use the Girl Scout cookie approach to stocking pharmacies. Girl Scout comes to your house and asks you to buy ten boxes of Tagalongs. No way you're buying ten, but you feel guilty if you don't four boxes. So you end up buying three boxes. Erin, I know you love this approach in theory because it is so true. Let's give it a try. Ask them to stock five bottles with the hope of them -- with the hope of agreeing to one or two bottles. Let's be more bold in what we ask for from all accounts. Do you see that?

Q. Let's be more bold in what we ask for from all accounts. Do you know what he means by that?

Q. Do you know why the district manager is telling you to use the Girl Scout cookie approach for stocking pharmacies with Schedule II plaids?

Q. Are you -- were you trained with respect to monitoring suspicious orders or suspicious activity?

Q. When you were working more Mallinckrcdt, did they train you on how to spot suspicious activity at any of the HCPs that you were promoting at?

Q. Okay. So, there was no formal training with regard to that?

Q. And I am going to get to that, so I appreciate that. But my question was: Was there formal training with respect to that issue or that topic?

Q. The method or -- the method or matter that you are talking about, I'm going to show you a document now, which is 37, please. I'm going to show you Exhibit No. 28.

Q. And this is an email that is 2805 through 2808, and on the subject line it has, "Forward Quarter 2 Targeting Process." It has got a spreadsheet attached to it, which I believe is 2807, which I blew up so that it might be a little bit easier to read. Let's start with the email. Target changes, is this what you were referring to when you had a way to make a change to some of the HCPs?

Q. All right. Then --

Q. -- then let's go back to what you were referring to before, which is: You had a -- you had a way to let your district managers know if something was suspicious. What was that way?

Q. Okay. And how often did you report that --

Q. -- that HCPs that you were promoting to were -- there was something suspicious?

Q. How many years were you at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Three plus? Did you do it more than once?

Q. Did you do it once?

Q. Okay. So if we're talking about this change -- this -- this change process, or this change form, if you look at -- well, you can read that, but I -- when you're done, let me know. I want to get to the spreadsheet.

Q. All right. I'm going to then show this to you. Let's talk about the spreadsheet, if we can. It has got some physicians' names on here from -- from Yang Guang, who we talked about, all the way to Minhas Rajbir, right?

Q. Rajbir. Sorry. And it has got territories and it has got change requests, and it has got comments, and it has got new addresses. You indicated that there were many reasons that you would -- could give for the reason tc change, correct?

Q. Okay. I'm going to show you this spreadsheet in its native format --

Q. -- with the reasons. I will show it to counsel as well. And just ask you if these are the reasons that you were referring to; because it's not native there, it's not showing that. But just let me know if this refreshes your recollection as to the reasons. And if you don't mind, again, this is part of the 17208, and I'm going to just turn this over and ask you to read the reasons and ask you if it -- I'm sorry. I just -- they just didn't print out. But those are the -- those are -- are those the reasons that you were referring to when ycu said there were many reasons to change targets?

Q. Okay. Would you read those out loud into the record?

Q. I'm going to show you the next document, which is exhibit -- can you pull tab 38 for me, please? Besides talking to your district manager if you noticed something that was suspicious, were there any -- any other processes or protocols that were available to you that were in place?

Q. Let me ask the question again. Earlier I had asked you if you noticed something suspicious, what you would do about it, and I think what you said to me is there was a method in which you could speak to your district manager about it, correct?

Q. You would do what?

Q. Okay. Was there any other -- was there any other process besides telling your district manager and removing them as a target?

Q. Are you aware whether or not anyone at the company was ever rewarded or praised for reporting a suspicious order to their district manager?

Q. Were you aware of whether there was an incentive offered by the company for reporting a suspicious order?

Q. Did -- was there a specific criteria that you used to make a determination as to whether or not something was suspicious?

Q. Dr. Bressi was one of the doctors who you -- was one of your accounts, correct?

Q. Are you aware of whether or not Dr. Bressi was ever arrested?

Q. What was he arrested for?

Q. Did that occur while you were working at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you continue promoting to Dr. Bressi's office after that happened?

Q. Do you know if Dr. Bressi was one of the top decile prescribers on your target list?

Q. Okay. Do you know as you sit here?

Q. Okay. Do you know whether the promotion of branded plaids -- well, when you -- when you visited prescribers, did you speak to them also about generic opioids?

Q. What do you mean by that?

Q. Would you discuss any of your company's generics?

Q. What customer relationship management system did you use?

Q. If you know.

Q. Do you -- are you familiar with a customer relationship management system?

Q. Did you hear any complaints from any of your HCPs regarding patients that would go to pharmacies to fill prescriptions for either Exalgo or Xartemis, but would be provided with some other generic?

Q. Yeah. Did you ever have any feedback from any of your prescribers, any of the HCPs you were dealing with, that were upset because their patients went in to fill prescriptions for either Xartemis or Exalgo but got some sort of a generic?

Q. Would you agree that having doctors speak to physicians you were targeting would increase the likelihood that the physician would write prescriptions for the drug that you were promoting?

Q. Not necessarily means it could or it may or may not?

Q. Either a thought -- is it a thought provider or a KOL?

Q. Do you think that having those folks talk to the physicians that you were targeting would help them write more prescriptions?

Q. Did you think that that would result in more prescriptions being written?

Q. So, it may or may not?

Q. Okay. Will you give me 41?

Q. I'm going to show you what is marked as Exhibit No. 29. This is an email, 1250 through 1254.

Q. I'm going to direct your attention, and you can read this whole thing if you would like, but if you go to 25 -- the bottom of 251 and 252, there's an email from Neal McDonald -- McDaniel. Do you know Neal?

Q. To Stacy Chick and Michael Wessler. Do you know Michael Wessler?

Q. All right. If you go on the -- if you go up to the top of 1251, there's an email from Tim Dress to you. Actually, it starts at 1250. It's dated August 26, 2014, from Tim Dress to Susan Jolliff. Do you see that? And to Matthew Hook.

Q. Who's Matthew Hook?

Q. Okay. Apparently he was forwarding you this email that Neal McDaniel had originally sent, and it says: Matt and Susan, let's get these programs on the books as soon as you can. If you want to work with your teammates to identify a valuable breakfast and lunch to complete on that day. Matt, I am assuming you will use Schertzinger. Susan, look at the list and determine what speaker you would like to use. You can use Schertzinger, too, if you need. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know what this is referring to? And you -- and if you go back to Speaker Programs on 1252, which was the original email, you can -- if you read that, it may give you the context. The Subject: "Speaker Programs" --

Q. -- "To: Regional Sales Directors."

Q. So, Neal McDaniel is saying: We have a significant opportunity to optimize the speaker's time by utilizing them at multiple programs while they are in town. We have approximately 72 lunch or breakfast programs that can be tagged onto these dinner programs. Do you know what that means?

Q. And did you do that? Did you get any of these speakers to talk to any of the doctors that you were promoting to?

Q. Okay. So, did you ever utilize a speaker at any of -- with any of the doctors -- the HCPs that you were promoting to?

Q. Okay. Who did you use?

Q. Zeringer?

Q. Schertzinger?

Q. Did you use Dr. Schertzinger?

Q. Okay. In fact, at the top of 1250, you ask Matt, "What kind of R is he?? Pain???"

Q. Okay. And then, "Is he a pain physician," right?

Q. And Matt tells you: He's a sports medicine doctor, but does a lot of physical medicine and rehab, with some chronic pain as well. That's why he's a great speaker for Xartemis. He can appeal to many types of offices and surgeons. Correct?

Q. Okay. Let me show you the next document. Which is -- it's 42, tab 42.

Q. Do you know who Shawn Donatelli is?

Q. Who is he?

Q. Was he one of the doctors that you promoted to?

Q. Do you recognize this document, which is 1089 to 1090?

Q. This document, do you recognize this? It is an Exalgo document.

Q. It says: You are cordially invited to attend

Q. The speaker was Shawn Donatelli, who is a D.O., correct?

Q. And it was at the office of Dr. Dhruv Shah. Who is he?

Q. So you were bringing Donatelli in to speak to Shah?

Q. And this was this was in May of 2013, correct?

Q. How long had Exalgo been introduced at that point?

Q. So at least a couple of years, correct?

Q. Okay. But --

Q. So -- so at least two years Exalgo had been on the market prior to the time that you had this -- this speaker program, correct?

Q. All right. So this is the -- this is a situation where you're having a speaker program that is not tied to a launch of a product, correct?

Q. Okay. Today, the company you're at now, they only do speaking programs like this at or near the launch of the product, correct?

Q. Yes. Understood.

Q. Did you attend any specialty pharmaceutical town halls?

Q. I'm going to show you what is marked as Exhibit now 31. It is Bates 2728 through 2730.

Q. Are you familiar with this document?

Q. I'm going to direct your attention to page 7230 of this document, which I believe is the last page. And at the bottom of that page, it says: 7:00 a.m. CST Detroit and Ohio Districts. Do you see that?

Q. If you'll read those bullet points, at least to yourself, and let me know if this is refreshing your recollection.

Q. So, it says, Endo situation on a national level. And it mentions your name, correct?

Q. So I'm -- I guess you know what the next question is: What was the Endo situation on a national level that you were speaking about?

Q. Correct. Do you know why you would be talking about Endo?

Q. Correct.

Q. Do you know whether --

Q. Correct.

Q. Okay. I'm going to show you what we have -- Tab 45. When a drug is -- finish --

Q. When a drug is approved for marketing and sale, is it approved for marketing and sale in accordance with the label?

Q. Is that accurate?

Q. Do you ever promote a drug for anything other than its approved indications?

Q. Would you agree that the promotional materials must be consistent with the product labeling?

Q. How would you describe the materials that would be provided to you by marketing that you would actually be leaving with your HCPs? What would that be referred to --

Q. -- if there were any materials?

Q. And visual aids would be something that you would actually leave with the HCPs?

Q. Were there some that you could not leave behind?

Q. Okay. Okay.

Q. So besides the training materials, were there materials that would be provided to you by marketing or by the sales department which you would leave behind with the HCPs that you were promoting?

Q. Okay. And how would those materials be provided to you mechanically? Would they be emailed to you or handed to you?

Q. Shipped to you. So they would be shipped as hard copies?

Q. Okay. I'm going to show you Exhibit No. 32 --

Q. -- which is the Bates page 6547 through 6551, and ask you if you recognize these documents?

Q. I'm going to direct your attention tc -- although you don't recall the documents, are these the types of documents that would be visual aids that you would leave with HCPs, health providers, yeah, HCPs?

Q. Okay. Do you recall a message that was provided regarding Xartemis which would be designed to be long on relief, expected to be short on abuse?

Q. Okay. If you turn the page to -- if you turn to 6550, and I'm having a tough time reading that as well, but it says -- at top of it, it says iPad.

Q. So you did mention earlier that the company had provided you with an iPad; is that correct?

Q. And that iPad, could you use that for presentations and visual aids at HCP offices that you were promoting to?

Q. Okay. But you did have an iPad where you could use --

Q. -- you could show things. And the items that were on your iPad that you would use, those were obviously not mailed to you, they would be emailed to you? I mean, how --

Q. If you turn to what I was talking about, which is 6550 where it says iPad at the top. It says, Proven to be less appealing for oral abuse versus Percocet. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall having -- using this aid with any of your HCPs?

Q. Okay. And the next one, Less appealing for oral abuse after tampering. When crushed and swallowed, Xartemis XR was liked less than intact Xartemis XR.

Q. Okay. All right. I'm going to show you -- I'm going to show you -- can I have Tab 47?

Q. Exhibit 33, which is a three-page document that starts at 2998 and goes to 23000 -- to 23000. Sorry. Wow. I -- your name is not on this email, so I do not see that you received this email. I am directing your attention to the second page of this document, which starts at 2999 and asking you to review this and tell me if this is something that you have seen before.

Q. Okay. Are you familiar with this? Do you recognize this document?

Q. Okay. Were you aware that the FDA had -- it had a rule on OxyContin. We might have talked about this earlier, talking about the original OxyContin.

Q. We probably started off having a conversation about this, I think.

Q. Were you aware that the FDA determined that the benefits of original OxyContin no longer outweighed its risks and that original OxyContin was withdrawn from sale for reasons of safety or effectiveness?

Q. Okay. Were you aware that the FDA would not accept or approve any abbreviated new drug applications, generics, that rely on the approval of original OxyContin?

Q. If you go down to Background on the physical characteristics of the Exalgo tablet, do you see that?

Q. "While we can make no claims concerning abuse potential, physicians may be interested to knew about the physical properties of Exalgo." Did any of your HCPs -- were they ever interested in the physical properties of Exalgo?

Q. Did you tell them it had a hard outer shell?

Q. Formation of large particles when the drug is crushed?

Q. Agglomeration of drug when exposure to water when crushed?

Q. Are you aware what happens if you drop a Exalgo into a glass of water? Do you know what happens?

Q. Did any of your HCPs ask you about that?

Q. Do you see where it says: "Specific direction regarding this market news: Do not proactively discuss this announcement with your customers.

Q. "Your primary sales focus should remain conveying who Exalgo is appropriate for, why it could be a good choice for those patients and how to properly convert and titrate patients."

Q. Do you see where it says: "If your customers ask if Exalgo is abuse deterrent: Ensure that the physician understands that Exalgo cannot claim abuse/tamper resistance, but there are physical properties to the tablet of which they should be aware."

Q. And then do you see the -- sort of the script below, which is the bullet point which says: "Doctor, while we can make no claims concerning abuse potential, you may be interested to know that there are several interesting physical properties of Exalgo. It has a hard outer shell that is difficult to crush. If a tablet is crushed, it forms large particles. Also, it agglomerates when exposed to water when crushed. Of course, it is important to keep Exalgo out of the hands of inappropriate patients. However, let's discuss an appropriate patient for Exalgo like the Elaine patient. This is a patient you likely see multiple times a day who may benefit from the true 24-hour dosing Exalgo provides." Is that a script that you used?

Q. Okay. Would you agree that a drug company must share the knowledge it has about the risks of a drug with the doctors that prescribe its drugs?

Q. Do you know what the terms fair and balanced means in the context of drug promotion?

Q. Can you please describe that?

Q. Would you agree when communicating with doctors about one of the drugs that you are promoting, the drug company must always truthfully convey the risks and benefits of the drug?

Q. Would you agree that a drug company should take all steps it can to minimize harm to patients?
