Witness:  Terrence Terifay
Attorney: MR. Cartmell
Source:   MNKOI0005217161
============================================================

Q. Good morning, Mr. Terifay.

Q. My name is Tom Cartmell. We just met prior to this deposition. I'm going to be asking you questions today And then after I'm done, my understanding is there will be another lawyer asking you questions as well. Have you ever given a deposition before?

Q. How many times?

Q. Okay. So you understand generally the process, I take it?

Q. We have a court reporter here taking everything down. You understand you're under oath?

Q. I want to make sure you're comfortable at all times during the deposition. So if for any reason you need to take a break, whether it's to go to the restroom or visit with your attorney or any other reason, just let me know, and we'll take a break. Okay?

Q. If you don't understand my question for any reason, go ahead and let me <now and I'll restate it or rephrase it for you.

Q. You understand that I'm representing Cephalon and Teva in this lawsuit; is that correct? Excuse me. Strike that. Start over.

Q. We laughea about that on the way up. That's not the first time that's happenec Let me start over. Please.

Q. You understand you are testifying in a case that's been filed by hundreds, if not thousands, of cities, counties, and states that have filed lawsuits against pharmaceutical companies like Cephalon and Teva and Mallinckrodt and others. Do you understand that?

Q. And you understand that we've asked you to be a witness and testify in this case because this case involves the promotion and marketing and sales of opioid products from pharmaceutical companies?

Q. And. we've asked for your testimony because, during critical times in this lawsuit you were a marketing or sales individual working with pharmaceutical companies who are defendants in this case and who were selling opioids, correct?

Q. Okay. I'm going to ask you questions about your time when you were working at a company called Cephalon, Okay?

Q. Cephalon is a pharmaceutical company in -- in America; is that right?

Q. Okay. And my understanding is you worked there from 2004 to 2009; is that correct?

Q. And. during your capacity or in your job capacity, you were I believe working in the marketing department; is that -- is that fair?

Q. We'll talk about that in a minute, but before we do that I want to talk to you about your -- your current employment before that though. Tell me your current resicential address, please.

Q. Okay. We're in Pennsylvania, in Philadelphia today; is that correct?

Q. And I take it you're here today with your lawyers from Teva, Cephalon, as well as Mallinckrodt; is that correct?

Q. You are being represented by two groups of lawyers, one for each of those defendants; is that right?

Q. Okay. So you have actually four sets of lawyers; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Prior to the deposition today how much time do you thin< you've spent in preparing for your testimony today?

Q. A few hours being two hours?

Q. And those six to eight hours that you spent in preparation for your testimony today, when were those hours spent?

Q. Okay. How long did you spend yesterday?

Q. Around 5:00 or 6:00?

Q. Okay. And were you preparing with all four sets of attorneys yesterday?

Q. OKay. And you said there was a half day spent several weeks ago. Was that in Juoiter, Florica, or was that in Philadel-ohia?

Q. You flew here for that?

Q. And was that meeting also with all sets of -- all four sets of your attorneys?

Q. Who was that meeting with?

Q. I see. OKay. You are no longer an employee of any of those defendants, correct?

Q. Who is paying for your time for your pre-oaration for your deposition and for today?

Q. What about your expenses incurred for flying from Florida back and forth?

Q. Who is your current employer?

Q. Tell us what that company is.

Q. What's their ousiness?

Q. What types of pharmaceuticals does Charleston sell?

Q. Is it a startup?

Q. Have -- c o they have any crugs in c evelopment?

Q. What types?

Q. Any others?

Q. How long have you seen with Charleston?

Q. What is your position at Charleston?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. And you are currently in the concitioning phase for that?

Q. Is there a sales force at Charleston?

Q. And are you in the marketing ceoartment?

Q. Is that --

Q. I see. Okay Okay. Let me hand you what's been markec as Exhibit 1.

Q. Mr. Terifay, I've hanced you what's been mar<ed as Exhioit 1. And this is a copy of your Lin'K ec In page that we actually founc on the internet. Is that right?

Q. And. you are responsible, I take it, for the information that's Put on this Linkec In page?

Q. UKay. I just want to tal to you oriefly about your employment history. But how many pharmaceutical companies have you worKed for in the last 23 years?

Q. Five pharmaceutical companies. And why can't you go ahead and , for the record, tell us what those are?

Q. OKay. So actually you've wor Ked for six cifferent pharmaceutical companies since you starter working at Johnson & Johnson in 1996; is that fair?

Q. Okay. And you've wor Ked at eight different companies c uring those approximately 22 years, correct?

Q. What are the other two companies that you wor Ked for?

Q. Which is what ty Pe of company?

Q. I was going to ask you just quicKly about that. So that's a company that actually pharmaceutical companies may hire as consulting -- consulting firm to c o mec ical ec. ucation; is that true?

Q. And. what was your position there?

Q. And that was when?

Q. Okay. Go ahead . What was the other company that you workec at that was not a pharmaceutical sales company?

Q. And. what type of company is that and what do they co?

Q. And what was your job title?

Q. Okay. So actually, of all the eight cifferent jobs you've hac since 1996, all eight of them have been in the oharmaceutical industry; is that -- is that fair?

Q. Okay. When you first started in the pharmaceutical inc ustry at Janssen, a suosiciary of Johnson & Johnson, what was your position?

Q. Dic you ever work as a sales reoresentative?

Q. Dic you start as a sales reoresentative?

Q. And. what ty oe of position in mar Feting, do you recall?

Q. But after that, for a oerioc of time, you actually were what's often referrec to aS a pharmaceutical rep or a sales reoresentative?

Q. Tell the jury what a pharmaceutical rep or sales reoresentative is.

Q. pharmaceutical sales reps, are they the inc ividuals who typically will go to the c octors' offices to oresent them information related to the mec ications they are trying to sell?

Q. A lot of times the sales reoresentatives are the face, sort of, the pharmaceutical company for the coctors?

Q. And when they go to c octors' offices, and sit down with the c octors, I've hearc it referrec to as detailing the c octors; is that right?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Detailing the doctors?

Q. Okay. And those sales representatives when they go to talk to coctors and detail the doctors, those are sales calls, correct, they are trying to sell their mec ications to the doctor?

Q. When you workec at -- striae that. At Johnson & Johnson, what types of products were you promoting or selling?

Q. During those four years, d is you ever have any experience promoting, mar<eting, or selling any opioid oroc ucts?

Q. What oroc ucts, please.

Q. What type of opioic product iS Duragesic?

Q. When you were promoting that Duragesic patch starting in approximately 1996 -- is that fair?

Q. That's fine. So you c.id that for about a year?

Q. Were you promoting that cirectly to doctors in their offices or to hos-oitals or both?

Q. Why did you leave Johnson & Johnson?

Q. Of the eight jobs that you've hac. in the pharmaceutical industry uring the last 22 years aoproximately, have you been terminated from any of those joss?

Q. You've left on your own accord each time --

Q. -- you left a company. And then you went to Purcue pharmaceutical Com-oany; is that correct?

Q. Purc ue pharmaceutical Company is a large pharmaceutical company that is oftentimes crec itec with being sort of the pioneer or the first company to promote at a very high level opioids; is that correct?

Q. When you say analgesic oroc ucts, you're tal.(, ing about pain mecications?

Q. 0 -Okay. At Purc ue pharmaceutical -- stri Ke that. Purc ue pharmaceutical, though, is the company that c. eveloped and marKetec and solc the opioic called OxyContin; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And were they selling that opioic medication when you were working at Purdue?

Q. What were your job responsioilities while at Purdue during 2000 to 2002?

Q. Were you actually a sales rep going to doctors' offices and cetailing them on mec ications?

Q. Dic your c etailing of doctors at hospitals while you were at Purc ue include c etailing them and promoting for sale the opioic OxyContin?

Q. Were you selling and promoting and ec ucating -Physicians about OxyContin the entire time that you were at Purdue from 2000 until 2002?

Q. Was that opioid, OxyContin, that you were promoting and selling at Purc ue, as far as your Portfolio, the most profitable or successful mecication that you had?

Q. Well, I take it while you were at Purdue and selling OxyContin, your comoensation and bonus structure eoendec in -part on how OxyContin c id as far as orofits for the comoany?

Q. And that was oart of your oonus structure, I take it?

Q. Was that the largest part of your bonus calculation at Purdue?

Q. 0(, ay. And after that you cid go to grouo sales manager, which you saic was a consulting firm to oharmaceutical com-oanies that woulc provide mecical education for them; is that right?

Q. So was that a company that if a -pharmaceutical company like Purdue or Johnson & Johnson or Teva or Cephalon need ed for there to oe scientific articles written by coctors su Poorting their oroc ucts, they might contract with

Q. I understand, but that's the company, group sales manager, that you were working for, that was one of the tyres of

Q. Oh, I'm sorry.

Q. I apologize. So was that though one of the services that Connexion Healthcare might orovic e to oharmaceutical companies?

Q. And so at Connexion Healthcare, as group sales manager, were you involved with contacting physicians around the country to help be involvec in either writing puolications for oharmaceutical companies or performing stuc.ies?

Q. I apologize. Reminc me what specifically you were aoing for Connexion Healthcare?

Q. Were you working with companies that were promoting and selling ooioids during that oerioc of time at Connexion Healthcare?

Q. What was the name of that oroc uct?

Q. Okay. But you -

Q. Meaning what?

Q. Experts meaning employees of pharmaceutical companies or experts outside the companies?

Q. But oath?

Q. Okay. So if I understand you correctly, pharmaceutical companies, including Janssen who was selling an ooioid or uct -- or excuse me, oc cevelo ping an opioic product, woulc contact Connexion Healthcare and ask the healthcare comoany for a liaison between the pharmaceutical company and experts to help perform stuc ies or write papers in support of the crug; is that fair?

Q. After leaving Connexion Healthcare in February of 2004, you went to Cephalon; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Why was it that you left Connexion to go to Cephalon?

Q. And when you were hired at Cephalon in Fe pruary of 2004, what was your -Position?

Q. Tell the jury what a prod uct manager is, please.

Q. And when you were hired at Cephalon in 2004, did you have more than one proc uct in your portfolio that you were in charge of as the orod uct manager?

Q. What products were you in charge of promoting as procuct manager?

Q. When you started. at Cephalon in 2004, the only ooioid procuct that Cephalon was actively selling was Actiq; iS that right?

Q. And. then you mentionec that you were also, when you started, responsiole for promotional activity related to another ooioid that was not yet on the market; is that right?

Q. Okay. So at the time that you startec in February of 2004 at Cephalon, you were actively involved in promoting Actiq, an opioic, correct?

Q. And. there was a seconc ooioid that hac not yet been a ooroved oy the FDA that was -- that was -- strike that. And there was another opioic that hac not been yet approved oy the FDA that you were working on in your mar Keting ca oacity as yet, called Fentora, correct?

Q. Now, when you were interviewing with Cephalon to get a job in 2004, c you recall who you interviewec with?

Q. And I take it they were interestea in you as one of -- or being a member of the marketing deoartment aecause you had experience with selling and marketing opioids in the oast, is that your understancing?

Q. You hac experience obviously at that point working with fentanyl oroc. ucts, right?

Q. Dic. you have any exoerience at all with the opioic. Actiq that Cephalon was selling prior to starting at Cephalon in 2004?

Q. So I to( , e it when you started working at Cephalon there was a period of time when you need ed to sort of get up to s oeec and research the Actiq med ications so that you're able to understand how it hac been promotec mar <etec in the past?

Q. That's -- I want to follow uo on that oecause that's a good point. I was wonc. ering if there was some particular reason maybe Cephalon was looking for somebody else to help in the mar Keting efforts. And it sound s like what you're saying is, Cephalon may have seen loo'King for somebody who had some expertise and experience with ris K management _plans that are associated with or had seen associatec with the opioic s?

Q. And who was it that was no longer there?

Q. But your understanding is that there had been an emoloyee who left, was either terminatec or left on his or her own accorc and you were filling that soot? on't rememoer any of that.

Q. You just c. on't Know one way or the other?

Q. At any rate, you, I thin had testified that you did have some exoerience with what are called risk management programs relatec to ooioids orior to starting at Cephalon?

Q. Okay. Prior to starting at Cephalon, in any of the prior companies, healthcare comoanies or -pharmaceutical companies that you have worked for, did you have any experience with a ris management -Program associatec with a c rug that hac been approvec by the FDA?

Q. If you wouldn't minc, give us a short but accurate summary of the training you received when you started at Cephalon in 2004.

Q. One of the things you saic you neecea to do when you startec was to become familiar with the oroc. uct labeling for Actiq; is that right?

Q. That's the -- when you say the labeling, that includes the label that accompanies the product when it goes to the physician or to the patient; is that correct?

Q. One asoect of the label is, for examole, the warning label, correct?

Q. Actiq hac a clack cox warning on it when it was approvec by the FDA for example?

Q. Dic. you receive training from Cephalon when you started related to the potential abuse orooensities relatec to the Actiq oroc uct?

Q. So you were familiar with that?

Q. And were you very familiar with, in fact, in communities across America at that point there was actually

Q. Dic you receive training when you startec. at Cephalon related to the potential for diversion of the Actiq opioid that Cephalon was selling?

Q. What a.00ut, did you receive any training related to the potential for the rillK s associatec with Actiq including the risk of death related to Actiq from aouse or overc ose?

Q. Dic. you have any training related to -- strike that. You started as the group you startec as the proc uct c irector for Actiq in 2004. And how long did you maintain that title?

Q. Let me just ma Ke it clear. You -- when you startec at Cephalon, you were the product manager for Actiq and your recollection is that you maintained that title for a year; is that right?

Q. And. then after a year, did you receive a oromotion?

Q. What was that?

Q. And how long cia you continue to se senior procuct manager for the Actiq proc uct?

Q. What were the job duties and responsibilities as a senior procuct manager of Actiq?

Q. And then how long sic you remain a senior proc uct manager for Actiq?

Q. In to Fentora?

Q. And. then c id you receive a oromotion after that?

Q. What was that?

Q. And when was that?

Q. And. were you an associate oroc uct cirector in the Fentora team when you left Cephalon?

Q. When were you promotec from associate procuct director to group cirector?

Q. How long were you a group cirector in the pain franchise?

Q. How long were you a group cirector in the pain franchise before you left Cephalon?

Q. And what were your cuties and responsibilities of the group irector in the pain franchise at Cephalon?

Q. While you were working at Ce ohalon, were there any other o oioid mec ications other than Actiq and Fentora that you worked with, including oroducts in cevelopment?

Q. What were the names of the other ooioid analgesics?

Q. Can you recall any of the names?

Q. Were the products fentanyl-basec products?

Q. Short-acting or long-acting ooioids?

Q. Rapid-onset opioids?

Q. What were your c uties and responsioilities as the group director of the pain franchise?

Q. Who was your boss at that time, direct report?

Q. Was there a oeriod of time that Mr. Pyfer was your direct report?

Q. I actually -- I probably misstated. I was trying to find but was who you reportec to?

Q. Once you became the group director of pain?

Q. Let me as, you a few things about your responsioilities in mareting. And you were in the marketing department at all times while at Cephalon, correct?

Q. OKay. And woula your mar Keting resoonsfo ilities uring the course of your work at Cephalon includ e liaisoning with Key opinion leaders that Cephalon was consulting with or hiring to help educate physicians or promote orocucts?

Q. Dic your responsibilities in the mar Keting department and in the pain franchise at Cephalon incluc e involvement with patient ac vocacy groups that the company would liaise with, or liaison with or work with related to the promotion of opioids in general or Cephalon's o oioic oroc ucts?

Q. Dic your involvement incluce working on scientific stuc ies that were oerformec or supportec by Cephalon and oresentec or oublishec related to the ooioid oroc ucts?

Q. Dic. your involvement incluc e working with c octors or scientists related to scientific stuc ies that were oerformec or supported by Cephalon?

Q. Dia your involvement as a member of the _vain franchise in marketing include develooment of the marketing olans for Actiq and Fentora, the opioic products?

Q. Was there oranc plans and then seoarate from that mar<eting plans?

Q. They're the same thing?

Q. 0(.,ay. There weren't branc plan -- or there weren't mar<eting plans? They were all called branc plans?

Q. So there was an evolution obviously, what you're saying, is from mar Keting plans to orand olans?

Q. And what was the change, in other worc from the marketing olans that were being one relatec to the ooioid oroc ucts and then the change to the brand plans?

Q. As your -- striKe that. When you became the grouo irector in the pain franchise that was overseeing the Actiq and Fentora opioids, were you res-oonsi ole for the marlK eting gets at that time? ouc

Q. When you were marketing director of the pain franchise including the marketing of Actiq and Fentora, the ooioids that Cephalon was selling, were you involved with the handling of the advisory boards that were consulting with Cephalon about the ooioid oroducts?

Q. Is it true that Cephalon woulc actually hire or retain practicing physicians arounc the country to serve on ac visory boarc s relatec to the opioid orocucts?

Q. And those consultants ooviously would be paid by Cephalon, correct?

Q. And the company woulc have periodic meetings with those advisory ooarc physicians arounc the country from time to time; is that correct?

Q. And was the reason the company would have these ac visory boarc with these physicians that were retained to consult with them in part a Pout the mar <eting and promotion of the opioid products?

Q. Was one of the reasons that the comoany woulc have these advisory ooarc meetings with these physicians that they hac retainec to consult with them -- was one of the reasons in oart to c iscuss mar<eting strategy and promotion of the ooioid oroc ucts?

Q. I've seen in the documents that were produced in this litigation and from your files that oftentimes the mar <eting plans would tal about c octors that Cephalon intenc ec to target. Do you recall that?

Q. Right. And what is meant by target when it's referring to sales reps and selling the ooioic products?

Q. Is it true that the c octors that were targeted .oy the company were coctors that sales reps were instructed to go meet with them, either in their offices or hosoitals to discuss the sale and promotion of the products?

Q. Is it true that the c actors that were targeted ay Cephalon were doctors that sales reps were instructed to meet with, either at their offices or hospitals, in orc er to discuss and oromote the ooioid oroc ucts?

Q. Okay. But those are sales calls, correct?

Q. It wasn't like they were just going in and educating on a product. What they wanted to c o was make a sale, correct?

Q. Well, we'll -- we'll tal

Q. That's a little different than my question. The ultimate goal of the sales reps and the mareting and sales deoartment related to these meetings with c octors in their offices was for the -orescriotion for the octor to start prescribing the opioic oroc ucts, correct?

Q. And one of the goals was to close the c eal so to speak and get the octor to prescribe the mecication, the opioid meci cation, correct?

Q. 0.,cay. I'll rephrase it. One of the goals from the meeting aetween the sales reps and the c octor when they go talk to the coctors, is to convince the c octor to ultimately orescri De the opioic medication, fair?

Q. So -- so let me be clear. Your testimony to the jury is that it is not one of the goals of the sales reps when they go meet with the coctors, to try to get the doctor to orescrice the opioid meaication, fair?

Q. I -- I apologize.

Q. Let me rephrase. One of the goals of the sales representative when they taKe their messaging that the mar Keting department prepares for them to go meet with c.octors about the opioic orocucts, one of the goals of those Ce ohalon sales revs is to have the physician prescrioe the opioic mec ications, fair?

Q. So I want to be very precise and clear for the jury. Is one of the goals for the sales rep to convince the coctor to prescrioe the opioid medication, yes or no?

Q. 0(. ay. Was one of your jo OS in marketing to communicate directly with the physicians about the opioid mec ications?

Q. What about pharmacies and nurses. Was one of your job responsioilities as grou director of the oain franchise to communicate directly with the pharmacies or nurses who were involvec in prescrioing the opioic medications?

Q. That's why I said involved with the prescription.

Q. One of your responsibilities as marketing cirector at Cephalon was mar Keting concitioning; is that correct?

Q. Tell the jury what that means.

Q. Do -- strike that. Does mar Keting concitioning including -- include any other activities orior to launch to prepare the marKet for the launch of a new crug?

Q. Other activities.

Q. What are the other activities that the marketing department at Cephalon for example, would c o as cart of market conditioning prior to the launch of an ooioid liKe Fentora?

Q. So for exam-ole, are you referring to, with the Fentora orocuct and the -- are you referring to the isease process, or does c isease awareness activities include -- let me start over. Strike that. The disease process that you are tal'King apout with respect to Fentora would be breakthrough pain; is that correct?

Q. And. so orior to the launch for example, of Fentora for sales in the United States, you were involved as a mar Keting product director in conc itioning the market related to orea<through pain as a disease process for cancer and noncancer?

Q. He tal-Kec over you, so

Q. Okay Okay. We tallKec briefly aaout what o-oioic was being mar Keted and solc by Cephalon when you starter in Feoruary of 2004. And the name of that oroc. uct was Actiq, correct?

Q. I'll hanc you what's been mar<ed as Exhioit 2, which is a ceoiction, I believe, that we receivec from -promotional materials or mar Keting materials within the Cephalon company. And tell us what this is.

Q. Okay. So I want to -- I want to talk aaout this a little bit. But I've hearc this product referred to "fentanyl on a stic:K ." Have you heard it referrec to that, as that?

Q. It's also been referred to as, I thin K on the streets, in communities as "perc-a-poo. VT Have you referrec it heart it referrec to as that?

Q. Okay. This was the first ever fentanyl opioic Cephalon solc, correct?

Q. When you went to the company and you oecame ec ucatec on the oroc uct you were responsible for in the marketing ceoartment, did you go bac'K in time to see whether or not this was the first ooioid fentanyl proc uct for Cephalon or if they hac others in the oast?

Q. Now, this procuct, and if you -- just wait one second. He's going to pull it u.O. Okay. Mr. Terifay, we're looking at the image of the Actiq stic with fentanyl on the left sic e; is that right?

Q. Descrioe for the jury if you woulc, Mr. Terifay, what each component of these sticks are, in other worc s what is that on the left sic e where it says, on the top stic‹, "Actiq 200"?

Q. And is that the sic e of the orocuct that actually goes inside the mouth of the oatient?

Q. And, if you would, tell us how it is that the oroauct is supposed to be placed in the mouth of the patient.

Q. And we -- we're showing the jury a cemonstration of the way a patient might insert the product inside the mouth. And. I think what you're saying is that they would swirl it arounc on the inside of their chee<; is that fair?

Q. And how long would the oatient have to swirl it around on the insic e of their chee K for the oroc uct to start giving _vain relief, do you <now?

Q. So there's six different coses here; is that correct?

Q. The highest cose being 1600 micrograms; is that right?

Q. What was a typical c ose that woulc be prescribed to patients who were starting on the Actiq lozenge?

Q. Or do you know?

Q. Now, these lozenges on the sticK, the part that's put in the mouth is a flavored -- it has a flavor to it, oes it not?

Q. I think it was referred to in the c ocuments as sort of a berry flavor; is that right?

Q. UKay. And you Know from interaction with others in the mar ,Keting ceoartment that it was sometimes called sweet and flavorful -- and flavorful; is that correct?

Q. Now, these °roc ucts, or this Actiq °roc. uct, was a Class II narcotic; is that correct?

Q. And Schec ule II analgesic ooioid is the highest or most restrictive classification of narcotics in our country; is that correct?

Q. But as far is for mec ical use and what oatients can .se arescri Dec Class II or Schec ule II narcotics like the Actiq is the most restrictive classification, correct?

Q. Now, what was this Actiq aroc uct approvea for?

Q. I'll hanc you a cosy of Exhibit 3. I'm going to talk to you now aaout the a aroval of this Actiq product that we've seen. And just for the jury's sa Ke, is it true that any opioid mec ication like Actiq, before it can ae solc in the United States, has to be aoorovec for sale by the Fooa and Drug Acministration, called the FDA?

Q. Okay. And that process, I take it, you know from your experience, includes the company like Cephalon in Actiq's case, submitting an a-polication to the FDA in orc er to as K the FDA to aoorove the drug for certain uses; is that fair?

Q. Okay. And in the application, the sponsor, they call -- the FDA calls it the sponsor, but the company who's asKing FDA for aporoval of the drug has to state specifically what the company wants the c.rug to se used for, in other words what conc itions, for example, the company wants the crug to treat, fair?

Q. Exhi sit 3, as you see, talKs about the FDA-approvec inc ication for Actiq. And the wore "indication" is a wore that the jury has heard a lot. But the indication for a c rug liKe Actiq means the intenced use of the drug, correct?

Q. And in the case of Actiq -- and we'll loo K at the aoproval letter that was received oy Cephalon for an entity that Ce-ohalon sought for the approval of Actiq, but is this, based on your memory, an accurate statement of what Actiq was intencec. to be usec for when it was approved by the FDA?

Q. Oh, I'm sorry about that.

Q. We'll go --

Q. We'll go to the approval letter in a minute. But is your and erstanci ng or memory basec on your exoerience with the oromotion of mar<eting of Actiq -- and I apologize for the missoelling there -- but that it was incicatec or intendec to ae usec for area Kthrough cancer oain in patients with cancer who are alreacy tolerant to ooioic therapy for cancer oain?

Q. And tolerant to o aioic therapy, the FDA wantec to make sure that the patients who talKe Actiq were tolerant to opioid therapy. What coes that mean?

Q. What is the reason why the FDA was concernec and made clear in the approval of the product and the approvec oroc uct labeling that patients who took Actiq had to have already been exposec to ooioids?

Q. Well, one of the concerns, I take it you know, is that if a patient to Kes a product like Actiq that's an opioid, a fentanyl product like Actiq, without having been on o oioic s before, it increases the risk of respiratory depression in that patient, correct?

Q. Okay Okay. And so opioid tolerance was something that the FDA and your company was concerned about, that these patients who were going to take Actiq, once it was launchec and given to

Q. And the is ea Being that if in fact that was the case, then the ris K of respiratory c eoression and Potential eath woulc oe less?

Q. Mr. Terifay, we are back on the recorc after a short creak. Are you reac y to proceec

Q. Before the break we were talKing about Actiq and the FDA approval of Actiq. And I've handec you ExhLp it 4. I apologize for the previous misspellings. And have correctec correctec that. But let me as.( you, so the FDA, when it was asked to approve Actiq as we discussec, Cephalon told the FDA that it wantec approval for this c rug called Actiq to treat patients for a conc ition called orea Kthrough cancer pain, correct?

Q. Okay. And ultimately the FDA, as we'll ciscuss in some detail, cic approve Actiq for mar Keting and promotion and sales in the Unitec States for the treatment of breakthrough cancer pain in patients that are tolerant, ooioic tolerant, relatec to the treatment of their uncerlying cancer, correct?

Q. Okay. Exhibit 4 is a is

Q. Okay. And. now the FDA did not approve Actiq for any other gain treatment other than for cancer oain, correct?

Q. I'm going to hand you Exhibit 5 and as< you if you agree. There are lots of different types of pain that some ooioic. s are being used and have seen usec by physicians to treat, correct?

Q. Yeah. Before I ask you about this slit e, is it -- is it true, basec on your experience going oac< to 1996 that there are lots of c ifferent types of pain that certain opioids have peen treating for a long time?

Q. Okay. But with respect to Actiq, the fentanyl-based product that Cephalon askec the FDA to approve, the FDA c id an analysis, lookec at their application, and aooroved Actiq for only the use of cancer-related Breakthrough oain, correct?

Q. Okay Okay. And as it states in this slid e, the FDA c is. not aoorove the use of Actiq, Cephalon's opioid, for oac K oain, correct?

Q. Is that correct?

Q. Heac ache, dicn't aoorove the use of Actiq for heacache, right?

Q. Dia not, meaning the FDA -- stri<e that. The FDA c.id not aporove Actiq for the use of chronic pain, correct?

Q. So if we -- if we wanted to make this accurate in your mind, what this shoulc be is chronic -- the FDA cic not approve the use of Actiq for chronic oain other than cancer-related chronic oain, fair?

Q. Okay. And we <now the FDA cid not approve the use of Actiq for postoperative oain, correct?

Q. And, in fact, this is not an exhaustive list of the tyoes of oain. There's arthritis oain, correct?

Q. There is pain relatec to fioromyalgia or RSD, correct?

Q. But the point is, the FDA cid not approve Actiq for use of any type of pain other than oain that is soecifically cancer-related pain, correct?

Q. Okay. And the FDA, when it aoorovec Actiq for cancer-related brea Kthrough oain, it actually was suomittec to stuc. ies by Cephalon to review, correct?

Q. UKay. But there were stuc ies submittec to the FDA so that it coulc actually c. etermine whether or not Actiq was safe for use for cancer pain, correct?

Q. And those stuc ies that were suomittec by Cephalon, those were cancer oain stud ies, correct?

Q. Okay. But the FDA never founc that Actiq, to this cay, has never founc that Actiq was, or would se safe and effective for the use of pac.K pain, heac ache pain, migraine pain, arthritis pain, chronic pain other than cancer-relatec chronic pain, or Postoperative pain, correct?

Q. Right. And so is it -- is it fair to say that you're not aware that the FDA has ever founc that any of those incications, or excuse me -- stri<e that. Is it fair then to say that you're not aware that the FDA has ever saic to this cay that Actiq woulc be safe and effective to treat any of those conc itions?

Q. Nothing that you can recall as you sit here today?

Q. Now, is it true that the FDA, when it approves a drug like Actiq that it believes have substantial risks to patients of abuse or diversion or misuse, it can require the company or the soonsor of the crug to engage in a risK management program when it approves the proc uct?

Q. Right, oKay. So -- so -- but there are some -- I guess my point is there are some c. rugs that pharmaceutical companies, and primarily -- or most of the pharmaceutical c rugs that are approvec by the FDA are never approved with any risk management programs associatea with the crug, correct?

Q. Yeah. It wasn't a good one.

Q. But we Know from your testimony, as of the time that you started at Cephalon in 2004 after you hac already workee for, I thin K, two or three oharmaceutical-relatec comoanies previously, you cidn't have any exoerience with a mec ication that had oeen a-ooroved oy the FDA and hac been and the com oany had oeen requirec to have

Q. And you, I take it, by that time, had been involvec with either from

Q. Well, do you think prior in the eight years prior to coming to Cephalon and working in the pharmaceutical industry, that it had oeen greater than 20 products that you had been involved in -- in detailing or the mar Keting of those oroc. ucts?

Q. You have no icea?

Q. CYKay. Do you thin K it was greater than five?

Q. At any rate, you had no exoerience, correct?

Q. With a risk management program?

Q. Now, you mentioned oreviously that the other opioic at Cephalon that you had responsibility for in your capacity as a mar Keting employee was a drug called Fentora, correct?

Q. And Fentora is another fentanyl-based Class II opioid, just liKe -- or not just li Ke, but in the same class as Actiq, correct?

Q. Is that correct?

Q. We're displaying a picture for the jury, Mr. Terifay, of ooxes of the Fentora. And if you loo K there, you can see oelow the poxes and the oacKets -- do they call those blister oacKets? Is that correct?

Q. And insic e those °lister oacKages, it loo Ks liKe there are taolets; is that correct?

Q. So Actiq was a stick with fentanyl on the end. And incidentally, you heard about Actiq, that it sometimes was referred to as a lollioop, correct?

Q. Okay Okay. Now, Fentora, the new oroc uct that was mar Keted d uring your time at Cephalon as an o oioid a fentanyl-based opioid Fentora was a tablet, not a lollipop-looking type of oroc uct, correct?

Q. And. you can see here from the c emonstration on the right, is that a emonstration of how the oroc uct -- the taolet is su oposed to be placed in the mouth of the oatient?

Q. Tell us how that -- the Fentora oroduct is designed to wor ‹. and provide oain relief to the patient?

Q. Is the tablet supposec to be olaced between sort of the gums and the chee K?

Q. And. is there some reason why it's olacec there? In other worcs, is that what allows for the most raoic onset of the pain relief?

Q. And Fentora is sometimes referrec to as a raoic -onset opioic ; is that right?

Q. Do you recall --

Q. Sorry.

Q. I was going to say, I saw in the c ocuments, the mar Keting documents that were procuced from your file, that one of the messages that your marketing department was giving to coctors, is that Fentora was a ROO, R-0-0, or a rapid onset ooioid. Do you recall that?

Q. Now, Fentora, just for the jury's unc erstancing, was actually approvec by the FDA in Septem per of 2006. Is that consistent with your memory?

Q. And Fentora came onto the mar Ket at a time when the orior oroduct that we were just loo King at, the fentanyl on a stick was actually going off the market, correct?

Q. Strike that. That's not a good question. And Fentora, this orocuct, new opioic. fentanyl oroduct, came onto the mar Ket at a time when Actiq, the prior oroc. uct we loo Kec at, was at the enc of what's called its lifecycle, correct?

Q. And for the jury's sae, what does it mean to be at the enc, of a lifecycle for a crug?

Q. You can. If you woulc, go ahead and answer the question, and then you can confer with him.

Q. OKay. So I want to --

Q. Mr. Terifay, you've had a chance to confer with your counsel. Are you reacy to oroceec

Q. CYKay. We were talking apout the Fentora oroc uct before the short orea.K. And, we were talking a pout that Fentora came onto the mar Ket at a time that's sometimes referred to the end of Actiq's lifecycle. And I think you just exolainec in general terms what that means. I ' c. lire to as< you though with respect to Actiq soecifically, what it means that at the time Fentora came onto the market and was solc by the company, what coes it mean that Actiq's lifecycle was encing at that point?

Q. I see. OKay. And tell me if I'm wrong. I don't want to but word in your mouth. But you saic that Actiq was losing its exclusivity; is that right?

Q. And I think from my research, it sounds li Ke a lot of times mec ications Ke Actiq, or most pharmaceuticals, might have a patent that protects them for a period of time after they are ap proved and launched for sale in the United States; is that right?

Q. And so for example Actiq, once it was launched in 1998, well before you were there, but there was a patent that protected Actiq while it was on the mar Ket and solc up until, I believe, September or October of 2006, correct?

Q. And what it means to be oatent orotectec is that for that c rug, that molecule, Actiq, that medication, no other -pharmaceutical company coulc evelop that same drug or that molecule and sell it. Cephalon hac the sole rights to c o that, correct?

Q. Okay. And for instance, Actiq, I've seen inc ications. We'll looK at c ocuments. But Actiq was a crug that sales were, over time, during that eight years of exclusivity, a proximately $1.8 billion. Do you recall that or something generally liKe that?

Q. Okay. At any rate, so once Actiq was going to lose its exclusivity or its patent protection, as you said, other companies coulc then c evelop and sell generic forms of Actiq, right?

Q. And generic forms of c rugs are much, much less expensive than a °rand form like Actiq, fair?

Q. 0(.,ay. But usually?

Q. OI<ay. So is it fair to say that Actiq was losing its patent protection, as you say its exclusivity, and the company <new that there were going to be generic c rugs to come on the marKet that woulc se much less expensive, so Cephalon was facing the loss of, you Know, at that time hunc revs of millions of c ollars if they simply dicn't have another drug that was a fentanyl-basec rug, fair?

Q. No, I unc erstanc that. But if -- my example was if Actiq lost its exclusivity and its patent protection, and generics came on that were less exoensive and Fentora c. idn't exist, then at that time the company Knew, it's often called the patent cliff, the company knew that once generics came in, they woulc take most of the business, that's usually what haooens, correct?

Q. But you Know that's usually what haooens, fair?

Q. And they bring those lower generic types of orocucts on, like a generic Actiq, and the company (Knows that usually it's going to lose a large oortion of the sales, correct?

Q. Okay Okay. In the case of Actiq, Cephalon was looking at losing -- I thin< by 2006 Actiq was a $475-million-a-year oroc uct, correct?

Q. At any rate, Cephalon was aole to go but and purchase another company called CIMA Labs and buy a oroc uct that CIMA Laos hac ceveloped and that was on the mar-Ket, which was Fentora, correct?

Q. 0 -Okay. Let me that a good. I apologize. Let me restate it. At any -- at any rate, what I -- what I meant was Cephalon was able to, and d is purchase a company called CIMA Labs back, I believe, during the time you were at the com °any which had another fentanyl-based prod uct that they were as.(ing the FDA to approve, correct?

Q. I totally want to .oe accurate, so I appreciate that. So and the oeauty of it for Cephalon was that it knew that Actiq was going to lose exclusivity and there was another prod uct that was in development, Fentora, that they hac purchased, and now it hac as you said, some ci fferentiating characteristics, some improved characteristics, so that when Actiq went off patent, Fentora could oe launched and hopefully maintain those sales, fair?

Q. I'm not -- I'm not actually as King you that. I'm saying, basec on your experience, you Know that the way things transpirea, Actiq lost its exclusivity. Generic Actiq came onto the mar<et. And Cephalon was able to launch Fentora at arounc the same time in orc er to make sure or try to maintain as much of the Actiq sales as it could, correct?

Q. All you Know is that, as a mar Keting cirector, is that Actiq lost exclusivity and the company at that Point stopped promoting Actiq, correct?

Q. Right. And then shortly thereafter, or precisely almost at the same time, the company started promoting the new product that was aoprovec by the FDA called Fentora, correct?

Q. And it was really close in time to the time Actiq went off exclusivity or patent protection, Fentora came on, and there was a change of promotion from Actiq to Fentora, correct?

Q. Does that sounc. correct?

Q. Okay. And in fact, part of your mar Keting plan, and one of the key success factors for the mar Keting plan that you were involvec with creating, was to try to get all of those Actiq orescri oers to now orescrioe this new crug we see here called Fentora, correct?

Q. Right. And I thin K it's referrec to as "convert the Actiq orescrioers to Fentora," correct?

Q. Okay. Now, this Fentora orocuct is a very powerful fentanyl drug, correct?

Q. Narcotic?

Q. It's a narcotic, correct?

Q. You know it's a narcotic, don't you?

Q. Do you Know?

Q. Do you .K now whether it's a narcotic?

Q. Let me as< the question. Sir, as you sit here today, do you know that it iS a narcotic, the Fentora oroduct?

Q. Does the pharmaceutical worlc not like the connotation of their crugs oeing narcotics?

Q. Okay. That's a good transition, because I want to tal< to you about the way this product, Fentora, was labeled and what the intencec. use was for Fentora. You'll recall that we tal Kec about Actiq's intencec use and what the FDA saic was safe and effective. Is then -- is it true, Mr. Terifay, that the FDA a-aoroved Fentora with the same inc ication?

Q. Right. And I've shown you what's been mar<ed as Exhibit 7 stating that FDA approvec -- or the intenc ed use was -- of Fentora was only indicated or intendec to .oe used for orea Kthrough cancer pain in patients with cancer who are alreacy tolerant to opioid therapy for their underlying cancer pain.

Q. Is that consistent with your memory, sir?

Q. And. the point I want to ma <e for the jury is that again, the FDA loo <ed at this Fentora apolication from Cephalon and they loo <ed at whether or not the product was safe and effective for cancer pain, correct?

Q. And they approved the drug only for the treatment of oreakthrough cancer pain in patients who are opioid tolerant relatec to their -- the treatment of their unc erlying cancer oain, correct?

Q. So the indication, you had Actiq go off mar Ket, you hac Fentora come on market. They are both fentanyl oroc ucts. They both have the same - essentially the same intencec. use, and that's for cancer -pain, cancer-related oain, not other typ es of oain, correct?

Q. Now, there is a difference though, oetween Fentora and Actiq, as far as the FDA's actions. And I want to hanc you Exhibit 8 and ask you about that.

Q. You'll recall, sir, that during your time in the mar<eting ceoartment, Cephalon had actually askec the FDA to ta Ke another looK at Fentora and ask the FDA to expand the indication or intend ec use of the drug to se for lots of other types of pain called, persistent pain. Do you recall that?

Q. Yeah. And broac er inc ication meaning that the FDA hac only approvec it for cancer pain. Now, Cephalon wantec the drug to be aoprovec for and used for the treatment of chronic pain that wasn't cancer related, correct?

Q. And it's true, sir, is it not, that the FDA loo Ked at that and actually c. eniec the application for the broac er incication?

Q. And as it states here, the FDA never approved the use of Fentora for bacK pain, heacache, chronic pain, postoperative pain, or any other pain that wasn't cancer relatec, correct?

Q. Okay Okay. In fact, it c is loo K at it, and it c eniec the use of chronic oain outsic e of cancer, correct?

Q. Now, these two crugs, Actiq and Fentora, are the only two ooioid oroc ucts that Cephalon Drought to mar Ket and solo, as far as you know; is that right?

Q. And these were two products, Actiq and Fentora, both fentanyl-based oroc ucts that were only incicatec for the treatment of cancer-relatec pain, and you were involved in management relatec to the marketing and promotion of Doth of these drugs while you were at Cephalon, fair?

Q. Now, both of these drugs are potentially deac.ly drugs, correct?

Q. Both of these crugs are highly ac ictive o oioia drugs, correct?

Q. Do you agree that they are ooth known to oe adc ictive?

Q. Well, are you just casing that on the laoel or cid you have experience and have you had ex oerience in life that has lec you to relieve that ooth of these oroducts, these highly potent fentanyl prod ucts, are highly accictive?

Q. Have you ever heard that people in communities arounc the United States, all over the Unitec States, have been -- have become addicted to these products?

Q. Have you ever had any friends or family members that have peen affected by the ooioic e sic emic?

Q. But you are aware that there is an oo_ ioid eoicemic in our nation right now, aren't you?

Q. Do you cisagree?

Q. Have you ever thought about how the wic esoread c issemination of Actiq and fentanyl may have contributec to that ooioid eoic emic?

Q. Have you ever thought a pout how these products, the ones that you were mar Keting and oromoting, might have contributec, to that?

Q. Both of these products are crone to what's called diversion, correct?

Q. Tell the jury what c iversion is.

Q. Now, both of these crugs you know from your experience have street value when solc illegally on the street, correct?

Q. And you're aware that both of these medications have risks unique to them as opioid s, including respiratory failure?

Q. I'll hanc you what's been mar<ed as Exhioit 10. I'll reoresent to you, Mr. Terifay, this is an e-mail string that was procuced to us in this litigation from Teva's internal files. I want to as< you a few questions about this. If you go to the second _sage.

Q. Have you had a chance to review the e-mail, Mr. Terifay?

Q. Okay. Now, I want to direct your attention to actually the oottom of the first page, if you don't minc There's an e-mail from Stacey Bec<harct to several peoole, including you on April 27th, 2004. Do you see that?

Q. Now, April 2004, that's shortly after you started working at Cephalon in February of 2004, correct?

Q. And. I suspect this is a oeriod of time where you're sort of just getting up to speed on Actiq so that you can effectively co your joo as someone who is responsible for marketing and oromoting the Actiq, correct?

Q. Okay Okay. And. the su oject of this e-mail is, "Associatec Press article, Increase in Abuse Repartee of Narco" -- "Narcotic Lollioops For Cancer Patients." Do you see that?

Q. Ms. Bed Khardt, who is she?

Q. Now I take it the public relations epartment from time to time woulc senc you articles that had to do with products in your portfolio, for example, media reports, Press releases, things li Ke that for you to review, correct?

Q. Part of their job was to ma Ke sure that you were seeing these tyoes of articles and -- or presses -- press releases or mecia reports on drugs you were res-oonsi ole for to help you do your joo effectively, correct?

Q. Right. And that was important for you to read these types of articles so you were informec , correct?

Q. It states, "Please see the stories Below. There are no new cases of civersion under c iscussion. The Pennsylvania Attorney General's office was tallKing about trenc s." Let me as< you, so shortly after you startec at Cephalon, you, I take it, learnec from this article or through your conversations with your contemporaries that Cephalon was under investigation for illegal off-la.oel promotion of Actiq oy the United States attorneys, did you fina that out?

Q. Okay Okay. How was it that you founc that out?

Q. 0.(a.y. Do you recall any conversations about that?

Q. If you go to the next page, to the article. It states, "Increase in aouse reported of narcotic lollipops for cancer patients." And it's an Associatec Press writer who wrote the article on April 27, 2004. Do you see that?

Q. It states, "A narcotic oain Killer in lollipop-li Ke form cesignec to speec relief to cancer patients has oegun showing up in illegal sales in Philadelphia and, elsewhere under the street nic <name ' oerc- a- oops.'" Do you see that?

Q. And. I think I asked you that previously, but that was something that you found but shortly after you started at Ce-ohalon, in other words, that this proc uct was oftentimes referred to as a lolls pop, at least on the streets, and on the streets it was -- it was also called oerc-a-oops, correct?

Q. Okay. It states if you go down a little, three paragraphs, it states, "Cephalon soo<eswoman, Stacey Bec(harc t," and that's -- that's the woman from the PR deoartment at Cephalon, correct?

Q. And the PR deoartment is the epartment that Cephalon puts forward to respond to mecia requests and. things li Ke that; is that right?

Q. And I suspect those incividuals in the mec ia department at Cephalon have mec ia training; is that right?

Q. Okay. "Stacey Beckharat saic the company d oes not know the extent to which Actiq is used recreationally, but noted Cephalon maintains a risk management program to comoat such a ouse." Do you see that?

Q. And is that sort of consistent with your time at Cephalon when you worked there, that really Cephalon c idn't Know the extent to which Actiq was being used recreationally on the streets around America?

Q. Yeah. Here the PR department through Stacey Beckharc t is telling the Associatec Press in 2004 that this drug of theirs, this highly potent fentanyl opioic, the company doesn't really Know the extent to which it's being usec recreationally on the streets, and my question is: Was that your exoerience at Cephalon when you were there, that Cephalon really aidn't know how much abuse there was on the streets?

Q. Dic you -- did you know specifically yourself the extent to which -- or did you learn the extent to which Actiq was being recreation recreationally used or a ousea on the streets c uring the time that you were promoting and marketing the proc uct?

Q. And. so I take it you never cid any investigation yourself into that while you were there?

Q. Do you recall the company ever doing any investigation to find but the extent that their product, their highly potent fentanyl -orocuct, was being aoused or misusec recreationally on the streets?

Q. It then states, "Philadelphia police arrestec. a Bensalem company" -- "couple in October on c rug charges and seized nearly 100 perc-a-oops according to the Bucks County Courier Times. That raic was promoted ay a prior arrest in Northeast Philadelphia that hac netted aaout 30 of the Actiq lozenges." Now, were you working in the Philadelphia area at this time?

Q. At the time of this article, this is April of 2004.

Q. How far is that from Philadelohia where these -- or this iversion of Actiq is occurring in the streets of Philadelohia?

Q. "And last wee in Northeastern Pennsylvania, Carbonc ale police arrester three people for c elivery and possession of Actiq in the form of what they called, morphine lollipop Ks, the Scranton Times reoortec • TV StiC Were you aware that Actiq was referred to on the street as "morphine lollipop sticks"?

Q. "Harley said each Actiq lozenge retails for $9.10, but the going street value is $20." Do you see that?

Q. I askec you previously if you <new whether Fentora and Actiq hac street value. You ooviously hac seen this article. I dicn't expect you to remember that from many years ago. But coes this refresh your recollection that at least as of 2004 you hac Knowlecge that there was street value associated an abuse relatec to Actiq?

Q. OKay. But you (new that Actiq had street value in the streets of communities and it was oeing aousec and civertec , correct?

Q. Are you saying that at the time you startec your employment?

Q. UKay. You learned after working there?

Q. And obviously Knew oy April of 2004, correct?

Q. You may have or -- read it, or may not have?

Q. It states, "We startec seeing them in Philly and that's where we understand the nickname came from, he saic "Beckharct describec the taste as a milc berry flavor." We tal Kec about that. That's -- that's a true statement, correct?

Q. Yes, sir.

Q. "Which she saic was necessary to meet patient acceptability. But Harley saic the attractive taste ma Kes a ouse more Kely." Dic. you ever have any conversations at your company while you were there during the a proximately five years that the Actiq lollipops, the oerry taste, might contribute to abuse or misuse of the oroducts?

Q. The last paragraph states, "Hospitals in the 48 contiguous states reoortec 576 incidents of nonmed ical use of fentanyl products in 2000, but the number rose 1,506 by 2002, said Leah R. Young, sooKeswoman for the Federal Suastance Abuse and Mental Health Services Ac ministration." Do you see that?

Q. Now, it's true, isn't it, sir, that Cephalon startec selling the fentanyl Actiq product in 2002 -- or excuse me, in 2001?

Q. Okay Okay. And that's in a time aeriod soecifically that correlates with an increase in the number of reoorted incic ents relatec to fentanyl, correct?

Q. Now, if you go to Page 1 of this. We tal-Kec, I think when you saic when you startec war-King at Cephalon, your boss was a man named Anay Pyfer; is that correct?

Q. And. he sends an e-mail in response to this article to you and sac K to Stacey Beckhardt in the product communications c. eoartment or the PR eoartment and says, "Stacey, thanKs for handing this so well. Mr. Harley's 'taste' comment tells me that he is clueless about abuse issues. Aousers/ac icts woulc K on an old tire suc if they thought they coulc get high. Thin K about it. They jam needles into their arms and inject all kinds of crazy stuff. They crush and snort stuff up their noses. The taste of Actiq is really only an issue with respect to accidental ingestion by children, and I thinK your response was 100 percent accurate." Let me as< you, do you share the sentiments of Mr. Pyfer here?

Q. Do you think he's sort of claming the ac c icts there?

Q. Do you think that's appropriate, what you just read or what we just read?

Q. Was this the sentiment that you witnessed and saw when you were at Cephalon when there were reports of abuse oy indivic. uals of your products that the response was lashing but at the abusers?

Q. Dia you feel that way?

Q. From reacing this document, this article, is this something that -- or is that something, the response that Mr. Pyfer had, your boss hac, is that something that you sort of feel liKe was an appropriate response and you agree with?

Q. I'm going to hand you what's been markec as Exhioit 11.

Q. I will represent to you, Mr. Terifay, that Exhibit 11 was an e-mail string that was procuced in this litigation from your custodial file. I just have some questions a Pout the article. I'm only going to ask you a.00ut the first page and a quarter.

Q. Have you had a chance to review the article and the e-mail, Mr. Terifay? 0a.y. This is an e-mail again from Stacey Bec<harct from the PR eoartment at Cephalon sencing around an article to you and others at the com oany; is that correct?

Q. And. as you saic previously from time to time, the PR department woulc senc you and others within the mar Keting ce-oartment articles a.00ut oroc ucts in your portfolio like Actiq so that you coulc stay up-to-cate on the mecia reports and do your job effectively, correct?

Q. Now, it states, the subject of this e-mail, "Mecia coverage of arrest of Dr. Lisnichy." Do you see that?

Q. Ms. BeclKhardt says, "As you likely recall from e-mails forwarded yesterday, a physician in the Scranton area was arrestec for illegal activities related to orescri otion pain mec ications, including Actiq." Let me ask you, where is Scranton from Philadelphia?

Q. Aoout how far?

Q. OlKay. So this is another media retort from sort of local news in the area relatec to where Cephalon exists, correct?

Q. The next paragra oh states, "I appreciate that it can ae frustrating to see mec is coverage that contains misleading or at times erroneous statements. However while we wore c iligently to influence reporters, we cannot control the angle to Ken and often cannot constructively refute factual information that might be highlighted." Let me as K you this. The PR department, do they use mar Keting c ollars to try to influence the mecia?

Q. It states, "Moving forwarc we may want to focus on the lessons we can take away from this type of coverage. The need to highlight our monitoring and intervention practices in a positive way." That's talking a oout highlighting the risk management program and the things your company is Going, correct?

Q. Number 2 states, "The importance of improving relationships with clinicians, physicians and pharmacists, at the local level. These are the experts that the mecia in small mar<ets will see< out." Do you see that?

Q. So the PR department is telling this groua of indivic uals that they need to foster relationshi as with the c actors and the oharmacists and things, so that when the mec is goes to talk to them, they won't say unnice things apout the comaany, correct?

Q. What do you think she meant?

Q. Number 3 says, "Recognition that these same challenges as well as others will exist with OVF." Is OVF Fentora?

Q. 0.(ay. So what the PR department is saying in Decem per of 2004, before Fentora was even on the mar ,Ket, is that this same sort of mecia press, negative press towarc s Cephalon may actually occur or you shoulc exoect it to occur with Fentora as well, correct?

Q. Well, coesn't that seem liKe the likely interpretation?

Q. I'm just asking you to give me your interpretation of that.

Q. Okay Okay. Down oelow, let's talk about the article. It states, "A doctor in Lackawanna County remains in custody tonight held on a million c ollars oail. Dr. Nicholas Lisnichy is accused of trading prescriptions for a powerful oain<iller for cash and sex. Actiq is a form of morphine prescri oec to cancer patients with severe pain. TI Do you see that?

Q. It souncs like, from this article, that this Dr. Lisnichy is *Redacted - PII and l *Redacted - Pll I and *Redacted - trac ing the drug for sex with patients, or sex with somebody, correct?

Q. "The company that sells the crug basec in West Chester, Pennsylvania, trac Ks prescriptions but says Dr. Lisnichy cia not rank within its top ten percent of prescribers nationally." The company, I guess, then, uring your time, were they actually ran<ing their prescribers and keeping trac K of the levels of prescriptions of all of their orescri oers?

Q. You hac never hearc of that?

Q. It then says -- skio a sentence. It says, "Actiq might look liKe a lolli000, but it's not canc Y- It's one of the most physically and osychologically addictive crugs on the mar<et." Do you see that?

Q. And. you Knew that, right? You Knew that. This is Decem per of 2004. At least by then you Knew this, correct?

Q. So your belief is you worKec at the company for five years. You receives articles lire this from the PR department. You've seen two now. That -- you did n't know that your crug Actiq, the one that you were promoting and marketing, was one of the most physically and psychologically accictive rugs on the marKet?

Q. Do you agree with that statement or do you Know?

Q. On the next oage, there is something I want to ask you a pout. But first, do you recall Dr. Lisnichy?

Q. Okay. On the next oage there's a quote from a Dr. Doug Klam O stating, "It really should not be used in people who don't have cancer and who have not" -- I think it should say failed -- "the other narcotics. If someone who hasn't oeen on Actiq uses it, it can stop their oreathing, it can be fatal because of that. And if use is not everyc ay but once in a while, you're also at significant ris K for a fatal reaction to the Actiq." Do you see that?

Q. And do you agree with that statement given by Dr. Klamp?

Q. Well -- o<ay. But -- out I'm asking you personally if you agree with that statement about the oroc uct you were promoting.

Q. Do you agree that Actiq, like Dr. Klamp said, should not oe used in patients that don't have cancer, oecause it coulc oe fatal?

Q. So you have no opinion on that either?

Q. I'm going to hand you what's teen marKec as Exhioit 12. I will represent to you, Mr. Terifay, that this is an e-mail string that was procuced from Teva's internal files relatec to this litigation, and this e-mail string is including an e-mail from you to Michael Richardson and the PR department among others. Now, as we c iscussed, sir --

Q. Mr. Terifay, have you hac a chance to review the e-mail?

Q. OKay. So now you would have seen -- this is an e-mail from 2005. And. I want to focus you on the one in the midc le of the page from you, January 24, 2005. And I want to start by asking you, at that time, were you a orocuct cirector for the Actiq portfolio?

Q. A product manager at that time. Okay. In the marketing department, right?

Q. And wortK ing on the promotion and marketing relatec to the Actiq drug, right?

Q. If you go to the next page, let's start there. There's another e-mail from Stacey BecKharct, who as we've discussec is in the PR department, senc ing you and others an e-mail on January 24, 2005. Do you see that?

Q. And. she is senc ing it as an FYI. And she sort of tal Ks about or attaches a research letter in JAMA, which is a very prestigious journal, correct?

Q. And the letter in JAMA is reoorting on increasec reoorts of iversion and abuse, use of methadone, do you see that?

Q. And what is methadone? Methadone is a c_ rug that's usec both for pain management as well as the c isease of ac_ diction.

Q. So methac one is another ooioid oroc uct, correct?

Q. That was a oroc uct that was manufactured and solc by, not Cephalon but another company, correct?

Q. One of Cephalon's competitors?

Q. UKay. At any rate, it tal KS about uncer the fincings that there were retorts of methac one abuse increasing fivefold in 2003. And do you have a memory of the time perioc when you were working in the pharmaceutical incustry that opioids li Ke methac one were -- the abuse of those were increasing at a rapid rate?

Q. You don't recall anything about methadone at all?

Q. It states, "The numoer of orescriotions for methadone increased from fewer than 1 million in 2002 to 2.6 million in 2003. This increase suggests that methacone is now being increasingly orescrioec for pain management." Do you see that?

Q. And was it a crug at that time that was inc icatec for pain management or was that an off-laoel use?

Q. Okay. At any rate, the article shows that there was a -- more than a two-and a half- folc increase of the prescri otions of methacone c uring that oerioc of time, correct?

Q. And. the article was stating or correlating the massive increase in orescriotions of methac one with the increases numoers of reports of abuse and civersion. Do you see that?

Q. Go ahead.

Q. Okay. And so then you respondec to that article on the first page to your contemporaries inclucing Michael Richardson. Was he -- was he your boss at that time?

Q. Was it Ancy Pyfer?

Q. Who is also on here. But Mr. Richarc son became your boss later, correct?

Q. Okay. And you say, "Interesting stuc Y- It ma( , es complete sense since pain physicians, hosoitals and managec care were pushing methadone use right after the OxyContin exolosion in 2001." What did you mean when you saic they were pushing it?

Q. Pushing sounc s like a drug ealer, coesn't it?

Q. Okay Okay. At any rate you thin< you -- they were tallK ing apout recommending its use, methac one's use, right?

Q. Okay. And so you're saying this article ma Kes oerfect sense. And then you say, in the last line you say, "The oottom line is, as we all Know, greater availability of a d rug d irectly correlates to abuse and diversion." Do you see that?

Q. Those are your word s, aren't they?

Q. And that was your oelief o.oviously as of January of 2005 when you but this in an e-mail to your Doss and others, correct?

Q. Well, and you say specifically here, "as we all know," referring to the others on the e-mail, correct?

Q. No, I'm just as King you about what you say. You say

Q. "as we all <now." So you're referring to the others in the e-mail, correct?

Q. Based on your e-mail, Mr. Terifay, as of January of 2005 and your s-oecific words, what you're saying is that Cephalon, as well as you, all of you <new that with a medication, the oottom line is, you say, when that mec ication oecomes availaole, there's greater availaoility, that c irectly correlates to abuse and diversion, correct?

Q. That's not what you're saying?

Q. At the time, cic you believe what it states here that the bottom line is, as we all know, greater availability of a drug c irectly correlates to abuse and c iversion?

Q. Well, let's tal< about what you believe now. Do you oelieve now, as stated here by you in January of 2005, that the bottom line is, as we all know, greater availability of a c rug d irectly correlates to abuse and. diversion?

Q. You just don't <now one way or the other?

Q. Well, you hac an ooinion on it in 2005, in January, when you sent the e-mail to your su oeriors, cic n't you?

Q. Are you cenying that those are your words?

Q. You're not denying that those are your words and that that was stated accurately at the time, fair?

Q. The truth is, you ,cnow from your experience in the incustry from 22 to 23 years, that your statement back in January of 2005 is true, that in fact, the more an ooioid .oecomes widely available across the Unitec States, the more alo use and iversion occurs, correct?

Q. Could that be one contributing factor?

Q. And. the more wic. ely available, will you agree --

Q. -- likely it leads to more aouse and civersion?

Q. Mr. Terifay, we are back on the record after a short break. Are you reac y to proceec

Q. Okay. So we were talKing before the break about the Actiq opioic fentanyl medication that Cephalon was mar Keting and selling and that you were involvec with the promotion of. Do you recall that?

Q. UKay. Now, c uring your duties as marketing and promoting the fentanyl opioids at Cephalon, were you involvec at all in the development of the rise management processes?

Q. The RMP for Actiq was in place, correct?

Q. Were you involved in the cevelopment related to the RiskMAP with Fentora?

Q. And in what respect, sir -

Q. Mr. Terifay, with respect to the Fentora Ris <MAP that you helped prepare or develop, what were your duties and resoonsibilities?

Q. But -- but you -- it was important for you to understand the Ris<MAP, I take it, and with resoect to Actiq, the risk management plans to help you understand the parameters that existed for the marl<eting department as far as promotion of the drug, correct?

Q. And. I think I've seen from the c ocuments that you are familiar with ris K management processes and you've °resented on that suaject I believe; is that correct?

Q. And. did you actually present • at FDA ac visory hearings on that?

Q. Okay. What's the purpose of

Q. Thank you. So, and I was going to say that. The primary concern or goal of a rise management program or a Ris KMAP is patient safety, correct?

Q. When you say population safety, do you mean --

Q. UKay. Meaning the people who are inc icatec for the c rug, the ones that are intendec to take the drug?

Q. Okay. And we'll -- we'll talk about this in a minute. But with respect to Actiq and Fentora, the two Cephalon opioid fentanyl products, both of those products the FDA cecidec neecec to have risk management programs, correct?

Q. I'm going to hand you what's seen mar <ec as Exhioit 13. Exhioit 13 is

Q. 0.(a.y. Well, let's tae a quic< loo < at it. I don't have many questions about it. But we tal <ec previously oout the process that a company goes through to get a O °royal oy the FDA for the c rug that it wants to sell in the oven mar <et in the United States. And one of the things that happens is the FDA reviews materials suomitted by the comoany, ana then ecic es whether or not to approve the rug for sale, correct?

Q. And this is a copy of the letter from the Department of Health & Human Services, if you loo.< at Page 4 of the attached, you can see it's a letter from the Food and Drug Administration, up there in the far hanc right. It's addressec to Anesta Corporation, which is

Q. Why woulc -- if you <now, sir, the -- why woulc the approval letter pe sent to Anesta Corporation and not Cephalon?

Q. So was Anesta the pharmaceutical company but of the Salt La Ke City that actually develooec what oecame Known as Actiq?

Q. And. then for a perioc of time, was your understanding also that Anesta was selling, actually, and promoting what was Known as Actiq?

Q. Actually I thin< you have a very good memory. My memory from reviewing the cocuments is that Anesta contractec. with Abbott Laos, or Abbott, the pharmaceutical company, to actually mar Ket the procuct. Is that your understanci ng?

Q. Okay. And. then the cocuments, I will reoresent to you, do reflect that Anesta then orought the proc uct tack that oecame Actiq and for a oeriod of time ci d in fact market it for

Q. Okay. So at any rate, this is back November 4th of 1998, and this is the official approval letter. I want to cirect your attention to the thirc paragraph, which states, "This new drug aoolication provides for the use of Actiq for the management of breakthrough cancer pain in patients with malignancies who are alreaay receiving and who are tolerant to ooioid therapy for their and erlying persistent cancer pain." Do you see that?

Q. And that's consistent with what we previously tal Ked about, that the FDA approved Actiq only for the treatment of breakthrough pain in cancer patients, correct?

Q. There was no approval by the FDA through the process for back pain, for instance, right?

Q. No a °royal for chronic noncancer pain, correct?

Q. No approval for neuropathic oain, correct?

Q. No approval oy the FDA for oostoperative oain or heacache pain or migraine pain, correct?

Q. The intenaed use -- the only intendec use that the FDA gave to Cephalon for this procuct was for cancer-relatec breakthrough pain, correct?

Q. 0.(ay. If you don't mind, turn -- I think it's three pages from there. They're not numberec, so I know it's difficult. Actually it's the thirc -to-the-last page. Oh, they are numberec. I'm sorry. Page 5. If you would turn to Page 5, sir. I want to ask you about in the mid le of the page about the two paragraphs. It states, "In addition, please note that this procuct has been approved ONLY" -- in all caps -- "for the management of breakthrough cancer pain in patients with malignancies who are already receiving and who are tolerant to opioid thera oy for their unc erlying aersistent cancer pain." Do you see that?

Q. And then there's a paragraph after that that I thinK probaoly relates specifically to your joo with respect to Actiq. It states, "As such, please note that -Promotional statements or representations by you that this product may indeec. be safe and efficacious in the treatment of ciseases or oatient 000ulations Io eyond that container in your aoorovec la oeling may be considerec a violation of the Act." Do you see that?

Q. So correct me if I'm wrong, but what that is saying, what the FDA is telling the sponsor, or the pharmaceutical company who is going to maret this product, is that it's approvec only for cancer, in all caps. And if you malKe promotional statements or representations that this crug can be usec for conditions other than orea<through cancer pain, then you may be violating the Fec. eral Regulatory Act, correct?

Q. Right. O<ay. So as we discussed , the FDA c ecidec as an important as-oect of this approval, there neeced to be a risk management plan. And I want to hand you Exhibit 14 and talk to you about a few things about the risk management plan for Actiq.

Q. Now, this risk management clan that is mar Ked as Exhibit 14 is c atec August 1st, 2001. Do you see that?

Q. And. you'll see the sponsor is Anesta Coro., a subsidiary of Cephalon Inc. Do you see that?

Q. As we ciscussec, this was obviously after the time when Cephalon had purchased Anesta Corp., right?

Q. Okay. And this is a ris K management Alan that I take it you became familiar with and loo Ked at and ec ucatec yourself on after you startec working at Cephalon in February of 2004?

Q. All right. Now, this rise management plan was cesignec by the FDA for the sponsor, Cephalon, or Anesta through Cephalon, to make certain agreements and commitments to the FDA about the promotion, sale, marketing of the Actiq, correct?

Q. All right. And if you turn to Page 5, uncer the introcuction section, it states, "The Actiq ris management -program, RMP, has seen cesignec to actress three ootential ris< situations: Accidental ingestion of Actiq by chilc ren; imprap er patient selection, prescriptions to and usage a 0o ioid non-tolerant oatients; and iversion and abuse." Do you see that?

Q. "Anesta Corporation, a osidiary of Cephalon, Inc., has SU cesignec and cevelooec a comprehensive program with the primary goal of making every reasonaole effort to reduce the ris K of ootential untowarc events in the unintend ec population to the extent oossi.p le." Do you see that?

Q. And so is it fair to say that the concerns the FDA hac and the reason for the RiskMAP -- or excuse me -- the risk management plan, was because they hac concerns a pout diversion relatec to Actiq, apuse relatec to Actiq, and misuse relatec to Actiq, fair?

Q. And I just summarized that sort of, right?

Q. Oh, I apologize. That was another thing they were concerned a.pout, correct?

Q. Okay. And the reason that you Know, I'm sure, about the concern the FDA had, and I'm sure Cephalon hac as well a pout accic. ental ingestion .py chilc ren, is oecause there was some aelief that these °roc ucts that sort of loo K like a lolli sop, as we saw, might be sitting around in people's houses and chilc ren might ingest them. They taste like berry, so it might leac to accic ental ingestion, correct?

Q. Now, if you go cown, I just want to highlight again the words state, "The purpose of the RMP is to ensure the safe use of this °roc uct." Am I -- am I correct in stating that, again, I thin< we talkec aaout, the whole ouroose of this risk management program is for the safe use of patients and the population it's intend ec for, correct?

Q. And. then under Key messages for the RMP, it states, "There are several IKey messages re peatec throughout the RMP which are listed aelow." And I'c like to talk a little ait about what's on the next page. You see there's chilc safety messages. And then below that there's proper patient selection messages. Do you see that?

Q. And it talks specifically about messages and concerns, as we tal Kec about, that Actiq is contraindicated for use in opioid non-tolerant patients, right?

Q. Ooioid is s-oecifically contraindicatec in acute oostooerative pain, correct?

Q. I mean, it soecifically says that, right?

Q. And then it tal Ks about a concern relatec to potential overc ose, correct?

Q. Now, we went through some articles previously. Aouse, misuse, overdose, addiction with Actiq, those are all things that you hac knowledge of shortly after you got to Cephalon, either from articles that came from the PR department or from meeting and talKing to your contemporaries, correct?

Q. Okay Okay. And. you also learnec that the FDA was o.o viously very concernec aaout those things too, correct?

Q. Okay. And in the fourth pullet point unc.er proper patient selection, what does proper patient selection mean?

Q. Wait a minute. I want to mare this very clear for the jury. Did you and Cephalon interpret these statements that the jury is looking at in ore er of importance such that the first one was more important than the seconc or more imoortant than the thirc or more imoortant than the fourth?

Q. UKay. I take it you agree that all of these statements, agreements and commitments to the FDA are equally imoortant, correct?

Q. Okay Okay. And we talkec a pout the others, but loolK at the last one. It soecifically states, "Actiq is specifically inc icatec solely for the treatment of oreakthrough cancer pain in chronic opioic tolerant cancer oatients. Do you see that?

Q. So clearly the FDA was requiring the company to assert and commit to that Actiq woulc be usec, solely for patients who hac cancer-relatec pain, correct?

Q. Right. And the FDA founc very important to do that in orc er to try to prevent the risks that are stated in the ris K mitigation program of abuse, misuse, ac iction, overdose, and civersion, correct?

Q. UKay. If you go to the oottom, just quickly, it states, "Concern has been raised that Actiq may .oe oerceivec as a lollioop because of the design of the Actiq unit. And so efforts will be to Ken in an effort to minimize the rislK of accic ental poisoning or inappropriate use and iversion." Do you see that?

Q. Now, if you can't mine please go to Page 11. Page 11 has oac<age insert. That's the la Del for the oroc uct, correct?

Q. And there's a section there that talks about the blac < box warnings that are on the Actiq Del, correct?

Q. And the last part of that laoel, there's -- one we'll talk more about the label. But again, in the laoel, just to point out, it states, "Actiq is intenc. ed to be usea only in the care of cancer patients one only by oncologists and pain specialists who are knowledgeable of and s<illed in the use of Schec ule II opioic s to treat cancer pain." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Now, this is a laoel that you <now from your experience in the pharmaceutical industry, labels are negotiatec. with the FDA. The soonsor of the procuct and the FDA negotiate what is going to be container therein, correct?

Q. Okay. And the FDA cecidec and a- oroved a la oel that mac e it clear that this product should only oe used for cancer pain, and also to ma Ke it clear that it shoulc only be used by certain practitioners, correct?

Q. Yes. And the practitioners that it's only to oe used oy, according to the FDA and accorc ing to the label and according to the agreement and commitments of the company, are oncologists, which are cancer doctors, correct?

Q. And seconaly, a group of coctors called pain specialists, correct?

Q. Okay. Those are the limits according to the risk -- according to the laoel, but also incluc ed in the risk management program, correct?

Q. That's a very good point. I apologize, I left that out, because I did want to emphasize that. Not only cid the FDA say that you can -- this product is only to oe used oy oncologists and pain specialists, but it also says that those coctors have to be knowlecgeable and skilled in the treatment of cancer pain, correct?

Q. Right.

Q. But we're talking about Knowledge and s<ill treating cancer, correct?

Q. Right.

Q. Does --

Q. Exactly.

Q. No that was my fault. That was a bad question. Let me clarify. The la peling and the ris K management program ma <e it clear that Actiq should only be used py oncologists and pain specialists who are ,mowledgeable and skilled in use of the Schec ule II opioids to treat cancer pain, correct?

Q. So if -- for exam °le, if a primary care physician is not treating cancer oain and oesn't have skill or ,mowledge in that, that woulc. n't be an appropriate doctor for this medication, correct?

Q. Right. And they need oath, right?

Q. They need both skill and .Knowledge in treating cancer pain and skill and Knowledge in treating with opioids, correct?

Q. UKay. If you would go to Page 15, please. Now there was going to oe a launch ooviously of Actiq ana that haopenec before you got there. But the ris management program but in place oetween Cephalon and the FDA states that "Actiq will target" -- at the bottom - "a relatively small group of clinicians. The emphasis on the promotion will be highly ec ucational." Do you see that?

Q. And that statement, ooviously, has something to c o with the concern by the FDA that the more widely usec this medication is, the more possibility there is for aouse, misuse, iversion and that type of thing, correct?

Q. And then if you go to the next page, there is specifically who the target auc ience shoulc be. And it states, "The target physician auc ience for Actiq is a group of approximately 5,000 oncologists and pain specialists, their nurses and, staff." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So again, it's limiting the use of this crug and the company is committing and agreeing to that it's going to .oe a small group of _physicians who are the targets, about 5,000 oncologists and pain specialists, correct?

Q. Okay. And it says, "These physicians are alreac y using C-II ooioic to treat cancer pain, are generally knowledgeable about oreakthrough cancer gain, and shoulc unc erstanc the appropriate use of the Actiq for opioid tolerant cancer patients," correct?

Q. Again, emphasizing that its use is going to be solely with cancer oatients, correct?

Q. Okay. And. then if you go to Page 27, there's a c iscussion of off-label usage. Do you see that?

Q. Now, we haven't talkec about off-label usage today. So if you c on ' t mine , please cefine what off-lapel usage means.

Q. Okay. So does that mean, in other worc s, that -- is use of Actiq in this situation for oain conc itions other than cancer-related oain?

Q. UKay. It states, "Whenever

Q. Now, there's some actions that need to occur if the company Cephalon ic entifies off-label use of Actiq. And Number 1 paragraph, and Number 2 are the paragraphs that state soecifically what Cephalon is suoposed to co, correct?

Q. So suposed to send letters if it's a problem of off-label use to prescribers telling them soecifically what the indication is and who the aooropriate -Patients are, and. also needs to monitor the patterns internally, correct?

Q. Then it says, "If a problem persists, an oncology sales specialist will visit with the coctors who are off-label prescribing and remind them what is appropriate for Actiq." Do you see that?

Q. Dic Cephalon ever have what's called an oncology sales specialist while you were there?

Q. Who was it?

Q. Yeah, I'm trying to get the name of the individual that you say Cephalon c esignated as an oncology sales soecialist.

Q. So is your testimony today that Cephalon, during the time that you were there, had oncology sales specialists in the -- outsic e of the pain eoartment or the -Pain franchise, but in the oncology franchise, who woulc call on these doctors pursuant to this agreement if the terms were met?

Q. Is that your testimony?

Q. Was it the sales revs in that division? Is that who you're referring to?

Q. And do you know if they ever actually went to physicians' offices li<e as statec here, if there was an off-label oroblem with doctors prescribing Actiq for noncancer-related pain?

Q. So as you sit here today, you c on't have any ,cnowlecge of them doing that?

Q. Okay. And. then if you turn to Page 29, just quic<ly, in the second paragraph, it says, "Cephalon, Inc., will provide a quarterly report to the FDA compilec from all data collected • 'V And one of the things the report was supposec to look into, if you read the next sentence was off-la oel usage of the drug, correct?

Q. And it states, "This report will describe and provide cata on any concerns for child safety, c iversion, and off-label usage," correct?

Q. And do you know if Cephalon was actually doing that, and following this agreement?

Q. As you sit here today, you can never recall seeing one of those reports that's requirec by this agreement correct?

Q. Why do you thin K it was imoortant to the FDA and that Cephalon woulc commit as it c is in the rise management program to prescribe this fentanyl Actiq medication only to a highly skilled set of doctors who treat cancer oain?

Q. But your guess is because of the concern of, like we've lookec at, the misuse, abuse, diversion, those things, correct?

Q. 0.(ay. So after looking at the approval letter for Actiq and after loo King at the risk management program, let me ask you, basec on those cocuments, woulc the promotion of Actiq by Cephalon for use in oac':( pain treatment oe off-la oel use -- promotion?

Q. No, I unc erstanc that's your oosition. But I'm as King a ci fferent question. I'm asking basec on these cocuments and you have been an expert in marketing ana promotion of drugs for, what, 23 years now?

Q. Well, let me ask you this. Do you think you have expertise related to what is appropriate Promotion and marketing of

Q. 0'Okay. That's fair enough. Okay. So based on your experience -- I'm giving you an example. Basec on the FDA approves indication for Actiq and basec on the ris K management program put in place requirec by the FDA, do you believe that if Cephalon promoted Actiq for the treatment of noncancer bac'K pain, that that woulc be off-laoel promotion?

Q. And. that would be stri Ke that. And there are federal regulations that relate to off-label oromotion of crugs, correct?

Q. 0(. ay. And. so that would oe -- that hyoothetical -- I and erstand it's a hypothetical. If the comoany did promote Actiq for noncancer back pain, that would, be an off-label promotion that is in violation of the feceral regulations, correct?

Q. You don't know if that woulc be a violation of the federal regulation?

Q. Right. We're talking hyoothetical. Let me ask you, if the company, hypothetically, Cephalon, based on our review of the risk management agreement and the approval letter, if Cephalon promotec Actiq for noncancer related chronic pain or arthritis or heac aches or migraine, woulc that be illegal off-label promotion?

Q. Right.

Q. Okay. And so I thin K you have a problem with me saying it's illegal. I don't want you to give a legal opinion. But I Know you have to und erstanc. and abide by the federal regulations in your oosition, correct?

Q. So let me ask you that and I'll take the illegal out. Based on the approval letter for Actiq and the ris< management program for Actiq, if Cephalon were to promote Actiq for noncancer tack pain or heac aches or migraines or arthritis, woulc that be off-label promotion?

Q. I didn't ask for a legal

Q. Okay.

Q. I'm going hanc you what's seen mar Kec as Exhi.oit 15. And this

Q. Okay. Mr. Terifay, this is

Q. 0(.,ay. I want to ask you some questions about this. This states, "Philadelphia. Unitec States Attorney General Michael Mukasey and acting Unitec States Attorney Laurie Magic, today announced the filing of a criminal information against, and a civil settlement with the pharmaceutical company Cephalon, heacquartered in West Chester, Pennsylvania, for the off-la oel mar<eting of three of its drugs." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And this was in 2008. But I will represent to you that the United States of America startec investigating Cephalon for illegal oromotional practices, off-label promotional -Practices, even before you came to before you came to the company. Did you learn about the investigation shortly after you started in Feoruary 2004?

Q. I take it you Knew well in ac vance when there was an actual guilty plea oy the company, correct?

Q. So in the seconc paragraph it states, "The information alleges that from approximately January 2001 through at least 2006 Cephalon promoted the drugs Actiq, Gabitril and Provigil for uses other than what the fec. eral Food and Drug Ac ministration approved." Do you see that?

Q. Now, were you involvec at all in the mar Keting or promotion of Gaoitril or Provigil?

Q. UKay. But you were involvec in the mar Keting and promotion of Actiq, right?

Q. UKay. S Kipping down, the last sentence of the next paragraph says, "Once aoorovec, the c rug may not be marKetec or promotec for so-called off-la Del uses, meaning any use not soecifiec in an a olication and approvec py the FDA." That's just the definition of off-label oromotion that we've talkec about, correct?

Q. "The FDA approved Actiq, a fentanyl product, manufactured as a lollipop for use in only opioid tolerant cancer patient, meaning those patients for whom morphine-basec painKillers are no longer effective. The crug is a strong and highly ac ictive narcotic with significant -potential for abuse." And by -- we talked about this, .but by 2008, cic, you come to know that and agree with that, that it is a highly acaictive narcotic and hac significant potential for abuse?

Q. Well, do you disagree with that comment oy the DOJ?

Q. And you never cid any investigation in to try to cetermine that, correct?

Q. Okay. "The crug is a strong" -- let's see. "The c_ rug is a strong ana highly accictive narcotic, with significant potential for apuse. "From 2001 through at least 2006, Cephalon was allegecly -promoting the crug for noncancer Patients to use for such malacies as migraines, sickle cell pain crises, injuries and in anticipation of changing wound cressings or radiation therapy." Do you see that?

Q. Now, that woulc oe in oart during the perioc of time that you were a proc uct manager for Actiq and responsiole for promotion and mar Keting of Actiq, correct?

Q. Cephalon also oromotec Actiq for use in patients who were not yet opioid tolerant and for whom it coulc have life-threatening results. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Then we talKec about ooioid tolerant and how imoortant it was for the patients who were taxing Actiq to have alreacy been on an opioid and tolerant to that opioic. so that there was not life-threatening respiratory failure or c istress, correct?

Q. Couple paragraphs down. "Defendant Cephalon unc ertoo < its off-lalD el promotion practices using a variety of techniques. It trainec its sales force to c isregard the restrictions of the FDA approved label and. to promote the c rugs for off-la Del uses. For example, the Actiq label stated that the drug was for ooioid tolerant cancer patients with breakthrough cancer pain to oe prescribed py oncologists or pain specialists familiar with opioids. 11 And. we talkec about that, correct?

Q. "Using the mantra" -- "the mantra, 'pain is pain,' Cephalon instructec the Actiq sales representatives to focus on physicians other than oncologists, including general practitioners, and to promote the crug for many uses other than breakthrough cancer oain." Do you see that?

Q. I'll hand you what's been mar Ked as Exhioit 16. I'll re present to you, Mr. Terifay, that this PowerPoint presentation was oroc uced from the internal files of Teva in this litigation. And that this PowerPoint oresentation was containec in your custodial file. Do you recognize this?

Q. And were you one of the individuals in marketing who oreoared this?

Q. U(a.y. Turn to Page 4. It

Q. 0.(,a.y. Inducing mar<eting individuals for Actiq, correct?

Q. Oh, I'm sorry, Fentora, yes.

Q. And sales reoresentatives or ind ividuals in the sales c epartment for Fentora?

Q. Right. So -- so members of management in the sales department who manage the sales reps woulc be in the room for this oresentation, fair?

Q. Okay. And if you loo at the first statement there. It states, "Pain is pain. Cancer and noncancer patients. Pathophysiology the same regardless of etiology/uncerlying cisease." Do you see that?

Q. Okay And just like the DOJ referrec to a message "pain is pain," that's containea in the strategic mareting plan for Fentora at Cephalon, correct?

Q. 0.(,a.y. You can put that asic e for now. Now --

Q. Yes. We'll use it again. But, yeah, you can but it aside for now and go oacK to the DOJ statement from the Department of Justice. Cephalon -- it then states, after using the mantra pain is oain, "Cephalon instructec the sales representatives to focus on physicians other than oncologists, including general practitioners, and to promote the crug for many uses other than oreakthrough cancer pain." Do you see that?

Q. And you'll recall, we just looKed at the risk management program. That's the one that requirec the promotion by Cephalon, and Cephalon agreed in the risk management program, only to promote to oncologists or other pain specialists who had experience and ,mowledge in the treatment of cancer oain, correct?

Q. 0.(a.y. The last sentence of that paragra oh states, "Cephalon also structures its sales quota and °onuses in such a way that sales representatives coulc reach their sales goals only if they -Promoted and solc the c rugs for off-la Del uses." Do you see that?

Q. Mr. Terifay, when you were working as a oroc uct manager or product cirector for Cephalon relatec. to sales of Actiq or Fentora, were you involvec at all in the comoensation Program for sales reoresentatives?

Q. Dia you cetermine °onuses for the sales representatives?

Q. That woulc oe someooc y in the sales organization?

Q. Now, I think I've seen from ocuments though that you c is aic in - in c etermining bonuses and compensation for mem pers of the mar Keting deoartment, correct?

Q. And part of your evaluation in cetermining the bonus would be the aerformance or profits of Actiq, correct?

Q. So the answer is yes?

Q. It then states, from the DOJ, Deoartment of Justice, "These are potentially" -- there's a quote. "These are potentially harmful drugs that were being pedcled as if they were, in the case of Actiq, actual lollipoos instead of a potent -Pain medication intenc ed for

Q. And. she is a U.S. attorney correct?

Q. "This company su overted the very -process but in place to protect the pualic from harm and put patients' health at risk for nothing more than boosting its bottom line. People have an absolute right to their c_ actor's best mec ical jucgment. They need to know the recommend ations a doctor makes are not influencea .oy sales tactics c.esigned to convince the c octor that the drug being prescrioec is safe for uses beyonc what the FDA has aooroved IT Do you see that?

Q. Do you agree with that last sentence, that c octors orescri oe the drugs, but pharmaceutical com oanies, through their sales reps and mar-,ceting eoartments shouldn't, as it states here, "influence doctors by sales tactics cesignec to convince the coctor that the rug being prescribec is safe for uses oeyond what the FDA has aooroved. Do you agree with that?

Q. I understand that you want to focus on the c_ actor. What I'm asking you is a little bit different than that. 0.(ay. Let me as< you again. Do you agree with the statement there by the U.S. attorney that octors can make decisions regarcing prescriptions, but that pharmaceutical revs and marketing departments at oharmaceutical companies should not influence the doctors by sales tactics cesignec to convince the doctor that the rug being -o rescribec is safe for uses oeyond what the FDA has aoorovec? Do you agree with that?

Q. U(a.y. I want to focus on one statement that you just made, one cart of that which is, you c on't believe that a pharmaceutical company, through its marketing department or through sales reoresentatives, can influence a _physician's final decision to prescrioe a rug. That's what you said, correct?

Q. I understand that. You saic that you c.idn't believe -- believe was the wore you saic -- that a pharmaceutical com-oany coulc influence the c ecisions oy doctors when orescrioing rugs. It was -- that's your belief --

Q. Holc on. Is that your oelief? Is that what you're telling the jury?

Q. What is the purpose of the pharmaceutical company putting $30 million into their mar( , eting department for Actiq if they are not trying to influence the physicians to orescrioe Actiq?

Q. Is your testimony that the mar Keting by pharmaceutical companies is solely ecucational?

Q. Was Cephalon's promotion of Actiq during this period of time that the DOJ is tal<ing about, were there oromotion tactics and strategies solely ec ucational?

Q. 0:K ay. So from your answer it's clear to me you're saying that you can speak for yourself only, and you Know that you ci dn't engage in off-label oromotion. You're not tarK ing and can't spear for others in the organization, correct?

Q. Or others within the marketing department and sales department, whether they actually c d commit off-lapel promotion?

Q. Is that fair?

Q. Okay. It states, "Defendant Cephalon emoloyec sales reoresentatives and retained mec ical professionals to soeaK to c octors about off-label uses of Actiq." Do you see that?

Q. And. that's a true statement, isn't it?

Q. Well, I'm asKing you if that is a true statement .cased your experience working at the com oany Cephalon?

Q. My question is a little sit ifferent. I'm not trying to be cifficult or cisresoectful. I'm asking you specifically oasec on your experience there, cic you experience that Cephalon employees, other than you inclucec, employec sales reoresentatives and retainec mec ical orofessionals to spea< to c octors a.pout off-label uses of Actiq?

Q. Dic that occur?

Q. Are you speaking for yourself or are you speaking for others?

Q. 0(. ay. "The company funded continuing mec ical ec ucation programs through millions of c ollars in grants to promote off-lapel uses of its drugs in violation of the FDA's requirements." Do you agree with that statement? That's a true statement, iS it not?

Q. Well, you unc erstanc that the company plec guilty to illegal off-label promotion of Actiq, don't you?

Q. The company paid a $425 million fine, correct?

Q. The next page it states, "In

Q. Excuse me. "In a separate civil settlement among Cephalon, the United States, and various states, executes contemporaneously with the guilty plea agreement, Cephalon will pay $375 million plus interest to resolve false claims oy the Unitec States Mec icaic and Mec icare health benefit grogram, the Postal Workers Comoensation program, the Fec eral Employees Compensation Act program, the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation program, and other programs." Do you read that?

Q. If I go c own two paragraphs. It states, "Tocay's settlement cemonstrates the governments continuec scrutiny of sales and mar Keting oractices oy pharmaceutical companies that put profits ahead of the public health." Do you see that?

Q. And while you were at Cephalon and promoting Actiq, your memory, I take it, is consistent with the ocuments that, from the time Cephalon started marketing Actiq in 2001 until 2006 when Actiq was at the end of its lifecycle, Actiq went -- or excuse me, revenues went from I believe it was $20 million to $475 million a year. Is that consistent with your memory?

Q. And then the civil settlement also resolved four qui tam whistleolower actions filed in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Do you see that?

Q. Do you Know the emoloyees who were whistleblowers and filed lawsuits?

Q. Mr. Terifay, we are back on the recorc after a lunch break. Are you reac y to proceec

Q. Dic you have a good lunch?

Q. 0.(ay. Now, before the orea<, we were talking about some of the -- about some of the allegations and the --

Q. Mr. Terifay, before the orea<, we were talking about the Department of Justice press release and the guilty plea by Cephalon relatec to the off-label promotion of Actiq. Do you recall that?

Q. Okay. We also -- we had tal<ed about the agreement, the risk management agreement relatec to Actiq and and the FDA and Cephalon and the uties and. resoonsibilities that were contained therein. Do you recall that?

Q. Now, oasec. on that, you hac tole, or Ce ohalon, I on ' t mean you specifically, out Cephalon had talc the FDA that they would not -Promote Actiq to octors for uses that were not inc icatec including back pain, chronic pain, or any other type of _vain not related to cancer, correct?

Q. Cephalon had also talc the FDA that it woulc not be calling on or targeting coctors for promotion of Actiq, coctors other than who are oncologists, with knowledge and training about treating breathrough cancer pain or _vain soecialists with knowledge or exoertise related to treating oreakthrough cancer oain, correct?

Q. And I want to talk to you now a.p but that agreement related to the octors specifically. As you'll recall from the risk management program for Actiq, there was a provision in there that we talkec about specifically of the target auc. fence. And I just want to hanc you that. You can refer bac K to the the exhi pit as well.

Q. But what we're showing currently is that provision which require -- which states that the target physician audience for Actiq is a group of approximately 5,000 oncologists and pain specialists, their nurses and office staff. Do you see that?

Q. You recall that I taKe it?

Q. I want to hone you what was marKed as Exhibit 18, which was oroducec from the internal files of Teva one it is titled the 2005 Actiq Marketing Plan. Do you see that?

Q. 0 -Okay. Now, your name is - it's hare to reac, this cooy. This came from the internal files of Teva, but we coulc n't get a better cao y. But it says oelow incividuals who were specific involved in -- or specifically involvec in putting this together; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And your name ooviously is on here as one of the contributors to this c ocument, correct?

Q. Okay. I want to refer you now -- strike that. Before we -- we loo:K at the specifics of this, I want the jury to und erstanc. what this is, if you can tell US.

Q. Okay. Now, these mar eting plans that are put together, and as you saic it's with lots of different individuals from different c ivisions within the company. But coes this set forth the overall marketing plan, strategies, tactics, messages for the Actiq proc uct for that year, in other worc.s this woulc se for 2005?

Q. Okay. So the -- the cocuments prepared in 2004, I guess at the latter part, but it's for the 2000 the upcoming year 2005, right?

Q. Okay. I'c like to refer you to -- specifically to Page 14 of this c ocument. Now, okay, so I want to refer you to Section C, which is target auc ience analysis in this 2005 Actiq mar ,eting plan. As of this time, Mr. Terifay, you hac been at the company for a short -Period of time, correct?

Q. Okay. And , but you I'm sure new that Actiq had been on the maret at this time for several years, correct?

Q. And I think the documents reflect, I'll represent to you, that Cephalon startec mar.Keting and promoting and selling Actiq sometime in 2001. Is that consistent with your memory?

Q. Now, we saw in the risk management program that there was an agreement with the FDA about who the target auc ience woulc be for Actiq. And I want to refer you to this plan that was out -- yeah, marketing plan that was but in place approximately four years later. It states, "Target auc.ience cefined. Actiq targets include oncologists, pain specialists, and selectee physicians s Killec in the use of opioids with the potential to treat cancer pain." Do you see that?

Q. UKay. Now, that's a little cifferent than what the FDA was told. In other worc s, it loo Ks like that's expanding the cefinition to not only oncologists and pain specialists, but to another group of physicians who have the ootential to treat cancer." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. If you go to the next sage -- actually, two pages over. As is often the case in these branc plans, or excuse me, mar-Keting plans, there are pie charts that will define who the physicians are that are oeing targetec by Cephalon, correct?

Q. And you see above the -- immec iately above the pie chart it states, "The Actiq target list targets" excuse me -- "totals 29,566 which equates to pout 50 to 70 Actiq targets aer year" -- or excuse me -- "Per TSS." Is that a sales re o?

Q. CYKay. It loci K S li Ke from this 2005 mar Keting olan for Actiq, that the target list of c octors who are going to be targetec for promo -- or excuse me, for promotion and sales of Actiq, is 29,566 c octors correct?

Q. And. if you loo K at the tyoes of doctors that are oeing targeted by the company, it includes psychiatrists, anesthesia and pain coctors, oncologists, 63 percent of the targets are primary care physicians. And then neurologists as well. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And. then oelow that it sets them but oy Tier A and Tier B. I suspect that that has to c o with whether or not they're writing high levels or high numoers of prescriptions or not. Is that true?

Q. The Tier A and Tier B. I was just asking you -- are they tierec, these target c actors, are they tiered basec on the number of prescriptions that they -- they write?

Q. 0 cay. Let me -

Q. I'm going to hand you what's seen markec as Exhioit 19.

Q. Exhibit 19, Mr. Terifay, is

Q. It's true, isn't it, that in 2001 Cephalon told the FDA when agreeing to the approval of Actiq and agreeing to the risk management program, that Cephalon woulc target a small group of octors totaling, as you see, approximately 5,000 oncologists and oain specialists, their nurses and office staff. Do you see that?

Q. But yet internally in 2005, four years later, we <now from internal cocuments that came from the company in this litigation, that in fact, oy that time, they were targeting nearly 30,000 actors, which is about a 600 percent increase in what they tole the FDA, correct?

Q. Well, you saw the rise management plan, which is signed off on oy the company, is filed, and it's a cart of the aoproval process, correct?

Q. Okay. So it's pretty oovious, is it not, that the comoany has ignored what they tolc. the FDA they woulc co with respect to how they would target physicians, correct?

Q. Well, you put together this plan, did n't you?

Q. UKay. Are you aisouting though that Cephalon told the FDA in 2001 as part of the agreement related to the approval of Actiq that a small group of oncologists and pain specialists woulc be

Q. Okay. If in fact the company was targeting and calling on 29,566 coctors as of 2005, woulc you agree with me that that woula be a violation of the ris K management program but in place oy the FDA with Cephalon?

Q. Now, the other thing that was promised to the FDA by Cephalon, was that the coctors called on would be oncologists and pain specialists, correct?

Q. Right. But in 2005, according to the plan for Actiq that was internal and but together .oy you and others in the marketing department, Cephalon had c ecidec to exoand and call on c ifferent soecialties or more specialties than that, correct?

Q. You saw how it was c efined in the ris K management program, right?

Q. I understand. A pain -- one of the strilKe that. One of the entries here, 14 percent, was anesthesia and pain. Do you see that?

Q. And you Know from your experience that anesthesia/pain includes pain s pecialists, correct?

Q. Primary care physicians, 63 percent of the orescriotions are to primary care physicians. That's like internal medicine doctors, correct?

Q. And others including like family practice c octors?

Q. Okay. That 63 percent. What is the 6 percent of other types of C actors?

Q. Name some other types of coctors that you were calling on as a company in the other section that you (, now of that aren't listec here?

Q. It says 6 percent of the 29,566 were targetec, correct?

Q. In fact, your company had c ecicec that it was appropriate for it to call on coctors who were not treating cancer pain currently, but had the potential to in the future, correct?

Q. If, in fact, your company was calling on c octors who were not calling -- treating cancer pain, but you were calling on them to promote and sell Actiq, ana they c.id not treat cancer, woulc you agree that that would se a violation of the rislK management orocedure and policy?

Q. Well, it c. oes matter. And I thin K it probably matters to the jury, because you were one of the people that was involved in promoting this proc uct, Actiq, and mar Keting this product. You're writing marketing plans. The DOJ has saic at this time that your com oany is involvec in illegal off-label oromotion, and we're looking at a cocument that you were involved in preparing that talks about a target and ience of 29,000—plus doctors to sell Actiq, when in 2001 the FDA was told the audience would be 5,000 doctors. So I thin K your opinion does matter. Can you tell me

Q. Well, it says, "This number equates to 50 to 70 Actiq targets per sales rec." Was that consistent with what sales revs were c oing? Were they actually calling on 50 to 70 doctors each?

Q. But accorcing to Cephalon policy, when a c octor is includec in the target analysis, that means the company aelieves that c octor is fair game to oe called on, correct?

Q. That's not my question. You Know, as one of the marketing managers and c irectors, management of the company who was promoting Actiq and working on mar<eting plans, that if, in fact, a coctor's name was includec in a target list, then that c octor was fair game to oe called on oy the sales force, correct?

Q. If you go bac'K to page -- to 14 again, I want to as< you -

Q. We are on the same cocument.

Q. 14, please.

Q. If you see on the orior cage, yes, if you go to target auc ience cefined, it states again that the company's calling on c octors with the potential to treat cancer pain. Do you see that?

Q. And. that was, in fact, Cephalon's policy, that it was allowing its sales force to call on c octors who not -- who weren't necessarily treating cancer at the time, but they hac the potential to treat cancer in the future, cancer pain, I mean.

Q. Let me restate it. Would you agree with me, sir, that this statement was the policy at Cephalon, and that is that, as of 2005, Cephalon was allowing its sales force to call on c octors or target doctors for Actiq who hac the potential to treat cancer pain, even though they might -- might not De treating cancer pain at that time.

Q. 0(. ay. But this is the mareting plan that says that that's okay, correct?

Q. Go ahead

Q. Okay. So -- so woulc you, oasec on what you know about having wor Ked there and. promoted Actiq, believe that it would have seen aooro-oriate for Cephalon to have its sales force calling on c actors who c. id not treat cancer pain or have the -Potential to treat cancer oain?

Q. UKay.

Q. I'll hanc you what's been mar<ed as Exhioit 21. Exhi sit 21 is an e-mail and attachec article that was oroducec in this litigation from the Teva files. I just want to as K you a few questions

Q. Just so it's clear, Mr. Terifay, on the article I'm only going to talk about the highlightec cart of the second -- the boldec part on the second oage. Mr. Terifay, on the first oage of this e-mail string you'll see there's an e-mail from Michael Richarcson to Cynthia Concocina who has been ceposec in -- in this litigation. And she refers to Terry, who I'm assuming is you. I first want to talk to you about what's stated in this article that's attachec . You'll see that there is a Wall Street Journal article attachec catec November 21, 2006. Do you see that?

Q. And the article is titlec Cephalon Used Improper Tactics to Sell Drug, Probe Finc s. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And. it talks about, it states, "From setting unrealistically high sales quotas to pushing larger prescriptions at higher doses, crugmaker Cephalon Inc. engagec in questionable practices to expand sales of Actiq, a powerful narcotic lollipop approvec only to treat cancer pain, accorcing to a two-year investigation by the Connecticut Attorney General." Do you see that?

Q. And were you aware that the Connecticut Attorney General along with the U.S. attorneys were investigating Cephalon for illegal off-label promotion of Actiq?

Q. U(a.y. Were you involved in any of those investigations as a witness?

Q. You were never interviewed by the Department of Justice U.S. attorneys or any of the states, attorneys for the states around the country who were suing Cephalon?

Q. If you go to the second page of the article, there's a highlighted oortion of the article that was it highlightec by Mr. Richard son. And says, "According to internal company cocuments, Cephalon instructs its reoresentatives to as K noncancer c octors; 'Do you have the potential to treat cancer pain?' Even if the answer is no,

Q. And you recall, I take it, that when you were mar<eting and oromoting Actiq that, in fact, the sales force were instructec to oring coupons with them when they would call on coctors they were targeting?

Q. And those coupons woulc oe given to Physicians so that they coulc give their Patients free Actiq, correct?

Q. And it's free?

Q. Okay. Let's look at the e-mail from Mr. Richarc son to Cinc Conc odina. And the subject is "Decision tree." It says, "Cynthia, I am attaching today's Wall Street Journal article. Do we still have a 'decision tree' as c escribed? If not, when c id we stop using it? Do you have a copy of the materials they are cescrioing and our current ones? Terry gave me a copy of what appears to be the last one used for the last Actiq training course. It is la oeled as Actiq. IT And in fact, do you presume that you are the Terry that Mr. Richarc son is tal King about?

Q. You presume is likely is? Were there other Terrys in the marketing ceoartment?

Q. CYKay. At any rate, what it loos like is happening is Mr. Richarc son, who ultimately aecame your boss, reac this Wall Street Journal article about off-laoel oromotion by Cephalon and specifically that c actors were being called on pursuant to a cecision tree. And he was asking one of your contemporaries, actually who repartee to you, Cynthia Conc odina, if he coulc get a copy of that c ecision tree, correct?

Q. And. then up above Ms. Conc oci na states on Novem per 28, 2006, "Michael, is this attachment the same thing Terry gave you? The PCS" and that woulc be the sales force, correct?

Q. 0 ." Do you see that?

Q. I'm sorry.

Q. Let me restate it. And then uo above it states, "The PCS woulc have imolementec this algorithm throughout the Actiq lifecycle." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And then attached to the e-mail is in fact the cocument that Ms. Concoci na is referring to. It is a five or six page document that has algorithms on the last couple pages, or three -pages, correct?

Q. If you go to the second to the last page of that algorithm. I want to ask you about that. And I want to go through this algorithm. You tell me if I'm wrong. I went through this with Ms. Conc odina. At the top it states, "Actiq prescrioers . Open the call with the following question: Do you have the potential to treat patients with cancer pain?" Now, you Know from your exoerience at launch meetings and mar<eting meetings, marketing and sales meetings together, those sorts of things, that the sales force for Cephalon when they woula go meet with doctors was instructec to as K the question, "Do you have the potential to treat patients with cancer oain?" Correct?

Q. But my question was a little bit c ifferent than that.

Q. You recall that they were instructec to tell the sales force to start the sales call with a question, "Do you have the potential to treat patients with cancer pain?"

Q. So is the answer that you don't recall?

Q. Okay. And. then accorc.ing to this algorithm, if you went right, there is a statement, "Physician says" -- "or responds, 'no.'" Do you see that?

Q. So that, woulc you agree, means that once the question is ased by the sales rep, do you have the potential to treat patients with cancer, at that point you go, physician responds no, meaning the patient -- the physician coes not have the potential to treat cancer, correct?

Q. Okay. And then there are a couple options. One is, if you go to the arrow to the left, it's, "Do not promote by inviting physician to MEPs, consulting meetings." Do you see that?

Q. That's referring to -- lots of times the sales reps woulc invite certain targetec doctors to consulting meetings to attend mec ical ec. ucation about the products, correct?

Q. And then Numoer 2, "No lunch and learn." And that's oasically saying when a coctor tells you that he coes not have the potential to treat patients with cancer oain, you don't ouy them lunch, right?

Q. Well, do you recall from oeing there that a lot of times the sales reps woulc take lunch with them to the octor and ouy them a free lunch so they can sit c own with them and go through the materials relatec to the oroc. uct?

Q. I gotcha. At any rate, if you go to the arrow to the right it states, "Support oy orovic e Actiq safety and efficacy info, provide cou oons and welcome ,cits, limit calls to 12 times per year." Do you see that?

Q. So accorcing to this algorithm, the same algorithm that aooarently was commented on by the Wall Street Journal relatec to off-laoel oromotion, and according to Cynthia Conc odina in her e-mail saying this was the algorithm used throughout the Actiq lifecycle, Cephalon was senc ing sales reos to d octors to oromote or sell Actiq. And even if the doctor saic they did not have Potential to treat cancer oain, they woulc provide those coctors with coupons and welcome Kits related to Actiq, correct?

Q. I'm just saying, that's what this algorithm says, correct?

Q. Including coupons for free Actiq when the aoctor saic they don't even have the ootential to treat cancer, correct?

Q. Then it states also that these sales representatives from Cephalon can continue to call on this doctor who has saic he or she coes not have the ootential to treat cancer pain, they can go back to the office up to 12 times in a year, correct?

Q. And this is what is being referrec to in The Wall Street Journal article, correct?

Q. Let's review it. It says, specifically that, "Accorc ing to internal company documents" -- and this algorithm is an internal company document, correct? It was oroc uced in this litigation, right?

Q. "Cephalon instructs its representatives to as noncancer c actors, 'Do you have the potential to treat cancer oain?'" That's exactly what this algorithm says, correct?

Q. Wall Street Journal says, "Even if the answer is no, a decision tree instructs the representative to give the c octors free Actiq coupons that they can pass on to patients. That's exactly what this algorithm says, they give coupons for Actiq, even if the doctor says they c on't treat cancer, correct?

Q. Would you agree with me that this algorithm, if it was in use and sales force was in fact doing what is stated in this algorithm as Ms. Condocina says, throughout the lifecycle of Actiq, that that woulc be improper, off-label promotion of Actiq?

Q. I understand, sir. And I'm not trying to be difficult. But if you woulc do me this. Based on your ex oerience of 22 years in the industry, and your experience selling and promoting and mar<eting opioic mecications, and your understand ing of Actiq, because oeing involvec with the Ris<MAP for Fentora and the ris K management _clan for Actiq, if in fact sales reoresentatives were following this algorithm that's statec here, woulc you agree with me that that woulc be inappropriate?

Q. Do you remember, sir, that the ris.( management program for Actiq saic that Ce-phalon would only call on coctors who were treating noncancer pain and had expertise in coing that?

Q. Let me strike it and restate it. Would you agree with me, sir, that the risk management program c ocument that Cephalon agreec to statec specifically -- and we can go aac< to it -- that Cephalon would only call on doctors who were treating cancer pain, area <through cancer pain, and had knowledge and expertise in coing so?

Q. But you were in the mar Keting department that told the sales force what the messages were su000sed to De and cevelooea the strategies and tactics for the promotion and, mar Keting of Actiq, correct?

Q. Okay. But I think you sooKe, in fairness, earlier, that all you coulc soea< to was what you were c oing and not the others, correct?

Q. UKay. This algorithm was not ever preaoorovec by the FDA, correct?

Q. And and you are inc icatec on the e-mail as having given that to Mr. Richarc son, correct?

Q. Go ahead.

Q. Okay. Refer sack to Exhibit 1499, sir.

Q. This is the Fentora strategic marketing _clan from 2007 that was in your file. And I think you saic that you may have contributec to putting together, correct?

Q. UKay. And if you wouldn't minc, go to Page 13, please. The slide on 13 in 2007 that's preoarea by the mar<eting department at Cephalon talks aaout chronic pain mar <et and that it has significant Potential cue to high prevalence. Do you see that?

Q. This chart put together ay Cephalon incluces the mar Ket for cancer oain, bac< pain, arthritic pain, neuraoathic pain, and heacache oain. Do you see that?

Q. What does it mean when it tal <s about the market for those conc itions?

Q. So if you look at, let's say what this crug Actiq or Fentora both were inc icated for, and the intenced use for, which of these conditions was Actiq intendec for?

Q. So look at -- let's look at the mar Ket potential for cancer oain. Is that the one on the far left?

Q. That's less than 2 million oatients, far less than 2 million oatients, correct?

Q. And back pain, the market for back pain oatients, the market for arthritis, the markets for neuropathic oain, the mar-Kets for heat ache oain, are all considerably larger than the cancer pain mar Ket, correct?

Q. Can you -- can you answer my question first?

Q. Let me restate it, just for the recorc if you will.

Q. If you look at the size of the market potential for each of these conc itions, cancer pain, that mar <et is considerably less than the markets for sac K pain, arthritis pain, neuropathic pain or headache, correct?

Q. In this -- in this document, you're -- you're stating that the cancer oain market is not less than the others?

Q. First of all, are you saying that to the jury?

Q. Go ahead

Q. No. This is referring to lots of things. The prevalence of the concition, correct?

Q. The prevalence of each concition, correct?

Q. The orevalence of cancer oain is cown here on the left. The little tiny one on the left that's rec correct?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. 0.(,a.y. You see the prevalence of oack oain?

Q. Which one is that?

Q. Okay. And it's the tall, the tallest one under bac K pain, correct?

Q. The prevalence of the

Q. Okay. And. then arthritic pain is even higher, it's almost to 12 million -Patients who have arthritis, correct?

Q. For neuropathic pain, the orevalence of that is almost 10 million oatients who have neuropathic pain, correct?

Q. The prevalence of people or oatients who have heac aches is over 10 million oeoole, correct?

Q. The number of cancer patients, the prevalence of that is, looks like provably less than a million people, right?

Q. Okay. So if you take the whole market of potential patients who are treatec with opioic s or other pain mecicine, bad K pain, arthritis pain, neuropathic heac ache pain, the ootential marlKet for those are, in some situations, over ten times what they are for cancer, correct?

Q. I understand. I may have misunderstood you. But my point is simply this: Cephalon was interested in exoanding the inc ication and treating noncancer pain patients, correct?

Q. Correct? Is -- is that yes or no, correct?

Q. And they were interested in c oing that, in part, because the ootential markets for those cone itions, the prevalence, the number of patients that they could sell their c rugs to was so much greater, correct?

Q. And if you go to the next slice, sir, it talks about specifically what cone itions Actiq was oeing treated for. Do you see that?

Q. 92 percent of the prescriptions or 9 but of 10 people that were getting Actiq from your company cic not have cancer pain that was oeing treated with Actiq, correct?

Q. That's 9 but of 10 off-label orescriotions, correct?

Q. That's a huge off-label prescription problem, isn't it?

Q. You don't thin K nine but of ten patients receiving your medication, Actiq, for inc ications that were not aoorovec by the FDA, when your company tolc the FDA that it should only be usec and intenc. ed to be usec for cancer, is a huge pro olem?

Q. Dia Cephalon report to the FDA that there was a nine but of ten oatient off-la oel prescriotion oroblem? Do you Know?

Q. For Fentora, correct, not for Actiq, or do you Know?

Q. Okay. Turn to Slice 45, olease. This is a chart reflecting the growth in collars sales of Actiq throughout its lifecycle, correct?

Q. When Cephalon took over the crug and startec selling it, it hac peen maKing 16 million a year, correct?

Q. Do you see 2000?

Q. When Cephalon took it over and startec targeting coctors outside - including outsiae doctors, not oncologists and pain specialists, it grew from $16 million to $55 million the next year to $133 million the next year, to $254 million the next year, to $265 million the next we are, to $448 million the next year. Do you see that?

Q. And 90 percent, accorcing to your own c. ocuments, of that $448 million in sales, 90 percent of that was from off-label prescriptions, for incications li( , e back pain and chronic pain and arthritis and conditions that were never aoorovec for use oy the FDA, correct?

Q. And. if you turn to Page 60, °lease. In your marketing plan it states your strategy formation is what we shoulc oe. This is for Fentora. "The optimal solution for oreakthrough pain. Effervescent speed." It's one of your messages. And it states, "Promote noncancer ata." Do you see that?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Now, it's true, sir, that until the time you left in 2009, Fentora's off-label rate continues to be aooroximately 90 -Percent of the oatients were not being treatec for cancer pain, correct?

Q. Little higher than 90 percent that was

Q. At any rate, things cidn't really change as far as the off-label orescriotions being written by the coctors, at least not c ramatically, correct?

Q. I'll hanc, you what's been mar Ked as Exhioit 20. I'll catch uo on 20. I only have two of these oecause they are enormous. Mr. Terifay, this is a c ocument that was produced. It comes from your file. It is an accumulation of FDA c ocuments related to the advisory committee in 2008. And I'm just going to ask you questions about the first two pages. If you go to the second sage, actually, this is a memoranc UM catec April 26, 2008, from the c irector, Boo Ra ooaport at the c ivision of anesthesia, analgesia, and rheumatology oroc ucts? Do you see that?

Q. To put this in perspective for the jury, as you said, Cephalon actually made application to the FDA and asked FDA to expand the inc ication of the use of Fentora to .pe used for patients who had chronic pain like pack pain and arthritis and things like that, correct?

Q. They wanted to actually sell the crug as we just saw to the mar( , et share which was much larger potentially in back pain and arthritis pain and neuropathic -Pain, correct?

Q. 0(. ay. But I'm not talking about just those treated with opioids, oecause the goal was to try to get more people treatec with opioids, correct?

Q. Right. But all I'm saying is that when you were loo,cing for the expandec indication, one of the things that you were looking to co was oe able to have a larger group of doctors and a larger number of prescriptions for Fentora written because now you would be legally able to prescri se for sac< pain, or c octors woulc se able to prescri se for sac K sain and arthritis and other things like that. Fair enough?

Q. You don't thin< if you coulc write for back pain, Fentora, that it wasn't just limited for cancer pain, that you coulc have sold more Fentora?

Q. Okay. Just to be clear for the jury and to be very -p recise, I want to be clear. Your testimony is that the potential for revenues related to the prescription of Fentora was the same or nearly the same for the cancer mar<et and the noncancer market. Is that what you're saying?

Q. That's not my question.

Q. You're saying that the mar<ets are approximately the same size?

Q. Okay. I understand that you thin < that's the size. Of those 3 million, do you thin:K that it woulc be equally weightec. between cancer and noncancer patients?

Q. There would oe many, many more noncancer patients than cancer oatients, correct, in that 3 million?

Q. And. the FDA respond ec to your application, correct?

Q. Right. And the FDA stated just like they had in 2001 with Actiq and just like they had in 2006 with Fentora, that they had substantial concerns about the misuse, aouse, ac c iction, and c iversion of Fentora, correct?

Q. That's not my question.

Q. The FDA said in resoonse to your application for an expanded label, just like it had. said in 2001 with Actiq and 2006 with Fentora, that it was very concerned a.00ut misuse, aouse, diversion, and addiction of Fentora, correct?

Q. Let's looK at the -

Q. That's fine. Let's -- let's looK at what the FDA said in April 2008 while you were there. "Fentora was approvec in 2006 for the treatment of oreakthrough oain in oatients with cancer who are already treater with around -the-clock ooioidS." If you s<ip a little bit, a few sentences, it says, "Because approval of these products reoresentec availability of fentanyl without the necessity of intravenous access, FDA hac numerous c iscussions with the sponsors uring the development of the products to accress our concerns regarcing the ootential for abuse, and misuse, and for the potential for accic. ental exoosure with these formulations." That's what we were just ciscussing, correct?

Q. "In orc er to orevent abuse and misuse and accicental exposure to Actiq and Fentora, particularly .oy children, rigorous ris management programs were incluc ec as part of the approval of the products." We tall,cec about that, did we not? We c id.

Q. "These risk management plans were designed to limit the prescribing of these oroc. ucts to ooioid tolerant oatients with oreakthrough pain from cancer with the intent that this woulc limit the overall -orescrioing of the mec ication." Do you see that?

Q. And if we refer oacK to your e-mail oreviously in the case at Exhibit -- Exhibit 12, we Know that's the e-mail where you saic , "The bottom line is, as we all Know," in the last sentence of the bottom e-mail -- "greater availability of a drug directly correlates to abuse and. diversion." Do you see that?

Q. And that's what the FDA is tal<ing about right here. They wantec to limit the availability of Actiq and Fentora so they coulc try to limit the amount of abuse and civersion, correct?

Q. "However, off-la pel orescrioing has unfortunately been wid ely oracticed. In the short time that Fentora has been on the mar Ket and espite a limitec indication for cancer Patients, we have receives numerous reoorts of serious ac verse events relatec to the oroc uct, inclucing deaths in patients, prescri ping to nonopioic tolerant patients, misunderstand ing of cosing instructions and, inappropriate suostitution of Fentora for Actiq by pharmacists and prescribers. "The agency issued a Public Health Acvisory regarc ing Fentora last Seotemper." And that's true, correct, they did that?

Q. "Ac itionally we wor Ked with the sponsor," meaning Ce-ohalon, "to ma Ke

Q. Right. There were conversations about pulling the product from the market though, weren't there?

Q. If you go to the mid le of c the next paragraph, I want to focus on where it says we are concerned. "We are concerned that the soonsor's request to expanc the current ind ication for Fentora to opioid tolerant patients with oreakthrough pain who do not have cancer may greatly increase the orescriaing of this product." Now, you were just saying you c idn't thin K it would increase the prescrioing of the oroauct, weren't you?

Q. Well, the FDA is saying that "expanding the indication may greatly increase the prescrioing of this product which may increase the availability of the proc uct for c iversion, abuse, and misuse and increase the incic. ence of accic ental exposures, which, due to the Potency of this product, could potentially have devastating effects." Do you see that?

Q. "In this time of increasing aouse of prescription opioic. _Products, it is important to address this potential and to finc effective risK mitigation strategies to intervene before it manifests as a public health crisis." Do you see that?

Q. The FDA c id not believe, that your comoany, Cephalon, during the time that you were there, was doing an adequate job in effectively managing the ris K related to Fentora, correct?

Q. Go ahead.

Q. Sir, you now from your experience that there were a lot of oatients and a lot of coctors who woulc not prescribe Actiq or Fentora oecause it was off-label, correct?

Q. There were -- you don't recall that?

Q. Okay. I'll -- okay. If there, in fact, were a lot of doctors and

Q. Dia you ever investigate how many doctors or patients were unwilling to take Actiq or Fentora Because it was off-label?

Q. Go ahead

Q. Turn if you would to the last three Bates, 415.

Q. Yes, sir.

Q. No, I'm sorry. No, 415. You're right. Are you there, sir?

Q. This is a oart of the actual acvisory committee c ocuments. And, in fact, you may recall that the FDA put together a committee to review Cephalon's compliance with the Fentora ris K minimization action clan. Do you recall that?

Q. Okay. If you sKip ahead three -pages and you go to the executive summary. I want to ask you a few questions about that. Now, this committee

Q. I'm just going to as< you -- as K you about the first page.

Q. Yeah. The first page of the executive summary.

Q. It states in the second oaragraph, "A RiskMAP was approvec at the time of the initial FDA aooroval of Fentora as an important part of its oostmar Keting risk management to minimize the use of Fentora .oy ooioic nontolerant ind ividuals, minimize misuse of Fentora, and minimize unintenc ec exposure to Fentora." Do you see that?

Q. The implementation, if you go c. own a couole sentences. "The imolementation of the RisKMAP" -- let me start over. "Despite the implementation of the RisKMAP, there has seen the need for stronger labeling with an emphasis on Key safety information and enhancec drug communication efforts in the form of "Dear Doctor" and "Dear Healthcare Professional" letters, Puolic Health Ac visory, and healthcare information sheet, oecause postmar Keting data continues to trend away from safe use of the procuct, particularly in patients who are being treatec with Fentora outside the limitec labeled inc ication." Do you see that?

Q. And did you agree with that in 2008, that you were continuing to see

Q. It then states, "Fentora use has increased more than fivefold since the initial first quarter launch in September 2006 with most use occurring off-label in noncancer pain indications and a significant amount of use occurring in opioid nontolerant indivic uals." Do you see that?

Q. I've seen from the c ocuments that there was as much as 30 -Percent of the patients who were taking your c rug, your com oany's crug, Fentora, were not ooioid tolerant. Did you know that?

Q. "In year 2007, approximately 59 percent of patients who fillet a prescription for Fentora were on concurrent therapy with a product from the pain market." And if you skip a sentence, it states, "The majority of these adverse events occurrec when patients were oeing treated for off-label uses of Fentora, such as oack pain, chronic noncancer pain and migraines." Do you see that?

Q. And the last paragraph, "Based on our review of the postmarketing experience with Fentora, we c o not believe that the RiskMAP has been effective in minimizing the ris( , s that it was c eveloped and imolementea to minimize. Cephalon states in their approvec RiskMAP, that, 'Interventions will be instituted as warranted as follow-up to surveillance and monitoring activities.' But they have never suomittec information that interventions and/or ad justments were proactively considerec or instituted to address Ris<MAP goal failures." Do you see that?

Q. That's true, right? Cephalon was given duties and responsibilities for the Ris<MAP of Fentora as part of the approval of it, and they failed to submit the information they promised the FDA they would?

Q. You just c on ' t Know?

Q. So when you previously stated that you were submitting information to the FDA in accorcance with the RiskMAP, the truth is you don't know whether or not that information was accurately Being done in accordance with that program, correct?

Q. UKay. And then it states, "In particular, the failure of the RisKMAP Goal Number 1, that Fentora should se usec only oy opioic.-tolerant patients with cancer, a goal that has consistently failed since the launch of Fentora." Do you see that?

Q. And Cephalon told the FDA with the Fentora RiskMAP that the numoer one goal was going to be to try to ensure that the only patients receiving Fentora were -patients with cancer, correct?

Q. Is that correct?

Q. And the FDA found in 2008, after the proc uct had been on the mar Ket for almost two years, that Cephalon had failed with respect to that goal, correct?

Q. "Insteac, Cephalon use is, in a large extent, oroauct off-label use which reflects the failure of Ris KMAP goal numoer one to justify the proposed exoandec indication for Fentora. IV Do you see that?

Q. So there was a committee but together by the FDA to loo K specifically at whether or not Cephalon was meeting its aoligations pursuant to the Fentora Ris <MAP and that committee of exoerts but together by the FDA said that Cephalon had failec with respect to the goals of the risk mitigation program, and that they do not believe the expansion of the label should be grantec, correct?

Q. Well, and you <now, I'm sure, that when the committee votec. on Cephalon's application to try to expand into sack pain and chronic pain for Fentora, the committee votes. overwhelmingly not to allow it, correct?

Q. I'll represent to you that it was 17 against, and three in favor. Does that refresh your recollection?

Q. Let me ask you this. The off-lalo el use with Fentora and Actiq, which was, as we discussec , somewhere around nine but of ten patients or eight but of ten patients who woulc. take Actiq and Fentora, these highly potent opioid sr o you .relieve that that off-laoel -- extensive off-label use mac e the use of the c rug more wic esoread throughout America?

Q. Or do you know?

Q. Dic. you ever tell anyone at Cephalon in management that, you <now, maybe the company should co more to try to meet its ooligations that were in the rise management program or the Ris KMAP, and mayoe try to make sure, c. o some more things to ensure that there wasn't so much off-la oel prescription?

Q. Dic you ever did you ever say that to anybody?

Q. Do you think the wic esoreac off-label use of Fentora and Actiq, very potent mec. cations that were subject to abuse and misuse and iversion could have contributec to this healthcare crisis, ooioid crisis we're in?

Q. Have you ever cone any investigation to try to determine that?

Q. Do you think if Cephalon hac maintainec. its obligation to just call on the limitec doctors that were oncologists, the 5,000 oncologists and pain specialists that it tolc the FDA it woulc, have for Actiq, that that might have oreventec, in some way, some overc oses and ceaths relatec to Actiq?

Q. Dic. you ever co any investigation to determine how many oeople overdosea and cied from to King Actiq or Fentora?

Q. Have you ever seen in Wall Street Journal articles or other articles that they were credit with 127 deaths? That's just the ones that were reported.

Q. Dic. you ever co any investigation to determine how many patients became addicted to Actiq or Fentora ue to the wic esoreac use?

Q. You left Cephalon in 2009; is that correct?

Q. The FDA said after the acvisory committee and after the FDA c enied your actual expandec indication for Fentora, that the com oany need ed to enter into what's called a REMS; is that correct?

Q. And. now, today, all fentanyl-basec opioids have to have a TIRF REMS, correct?

Q. But the REMS that Cephalon was tal.(ing about with the FDA as early as 2008, that never went into place while you were at the company, did it?

Q. And never changed from the Ris<MAP that the FDA had saic failed, correct?

Q. While you were there?

Q. U<ay. Well, there were negotiations going on, were there not, oetween the FDA and your company about what the REMS would look li<e, correct?

Q. And you <now from your experience that there were negotiations on the REMS that went for a perioc of time, and in fact, that negotiation went on between Cephalon and the company, I relieve, until 2012, correct?

Q. Okay. Dic you continue to wor K with ooioic. s after you left the company?

Q. Yes, sir.

Q. Okay. And you went to Mallinckroc t, is that correct, after - not cirectly after?

Q. They're another large pharmaceutical company worth billions of collars that has solc generic and brand ec ooioids, correct?
