Witness:  Terrence Terifay
Attorney: MR. Cartmell
Source:   MNKOI0005217903
============================================================

Q. Good morning, Mr. Terifay.

Q. My name is Tom Cartmell. We just met prior to this deposition. I'm going to be asking you questions today. And then after I'm done, my understanding is there will be another lawyer asking you questions as well. Have you ever given a deposition before?

Q. How many times?

Q. Okay. So you understand generally the process, I take it?

Q. We have a court reporter here taking everything down. You understand you're under oath?

Q. I want to make sure you're comfortable at all times during the deposition. So if for any reason you need to take a break, whether it's to go to the restroom or visit with your attorney or any other reason, just let me know, and we'll take a break. Okay?

Q. If you don't understand my question for any reason, go ahead and let me know and I'll restate it or rephrase it for you.

Q. You understand that I'm representing Cephalon and Teva in this lawsuit; is that correct? Excuse me. Strike that. Start over.

Q. We laughed about that on the way up. That's not the first time that's happened. Let me start over.

Q. You understand you are testifying in a case that's been filed by hundreds, if not thousands, of cities, counties, and states that have filed lawsuits against pharmaceutical companies like Cephalon and Teva and Mallinckrodt and others. Do you understand that?

Q. And you understand that we've asked you to be a witness and testify in this case because this case involves the promotion and marketing and sales of opioid products from pharmaceutical companies?

Q. And we've asked for your testimony because, during critical times in this lawsuit you were a marketing or sales individual working with pharmaceutical companies who are defendants in this case and who were selling opioids, correct?

Q. Okay. I'm going to ask you questions about your time when you were working at a company called Cephalon, okay?

Q. Cephalon is a pharmaceutical company in -- in America; is that right?

Q. Okay. And my understanding is you worked there from 2004 to 2009; is that correct?

Q. And during your capacity or in your job capacity, you were I believe working in the marketing department; is that -- is that fair?

Q. We'll talk about that in a minute, but before we do that I want to talk to you about your -- your current employment before that though. Tell me your current residential address, please.

Q. Okay. We're in Pennsylvania, in Philadelphia today; is that correct?

Q. And I take it you're here today with your lawyers from Teva, Cephalon, as well as Mallinckrodt; is that correct?

Q. You are being represented by two groups of lawyers, one for each of those defendants; is that right?

Q. Okay. So you have actually four sets of lawyers; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Prior to the deposition today how much time do you think you've spent in preparing for your testimony today?

Q. A few hours being two hours?

Q. Okay. And those six to eight hours that you spent in preparation for your testimony today, when were those hours spent?

Q. Okay. How long did you spend yesterday?

Q. Around 5:00 or 6:00?

Q. Okay. And were you preparing with all four sets of attorneys yesterday?

Q. Okay. And you said there was a half day spent several weeks ago. Was that in Jupiter, Florida, or was that in Philadelphia?

Q. You flew here for that?

Q. And was that meeting also with all sets of -- all four sets of your attorneys?

Q. Who was that meeting with?

Q. I see. Okay. You are no longer an employee of any of those defendants, correct?

Q. Who is paying for your time for your preparation for your deposition and for today?

Q. What about your expenses incurred for flying from Florida back and forth?

Q. Who is your current employer?

Q. Tell us what that company is.

Q. What's their business?

Q. What types of pharmaceuticals does Charleston sell?

Q. Is it a startup?

Q. Have -- do they have any drugs in development?

Q. What types?

Q. Any others?

Q. How long have you been with Charleston?

Q. What is your position at Charleston?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. And you are currently in the conditioning phase for that?

Q. Is there a sales force at Charleston?

Q. And are you in the marketing department?

Q. Is that --

Q. I see. Okay. Let me hand you what's been marked as Exhibit 1.

Q. Mr. Terifay, I've handed you what's been marked as Exhibit 1. And this is a copy of your Linkedln page that we actually found on the internet. Is that right?

Q. And you are responsible, I take it, for the information that's put on this Linkedln page?

Q. Okay. I just want to talk to you briefly about your employment history. But how many pharmaceutical companies have you worked for in the last 23 years?

Q. Five pharmaceutical companies. And why don't you go ahead and, for the record, tell us what those are?

Q. Okay. So actually you've worked for six different pharmaceutical companies since you started working at Johnson & Johnson in 1996; is that fair?

Q. Okay. And you've worked at eight different companies during those approximately 22 years, correct?

Q. What are the other two companies that you worked for?

Q. Which is what type of company?

Q. I was going to ask you just quickly about that. So that's a company that actually pharmaceutical companies may hire as consulting -- consulting firm to do medical education; is that true?

Q. And what was your position there?

Q. Okay. And that was when?

Q. Okay. Go ahead. What was the other company that you worked at that was not a pharmaceutical sales company?

Q. And what type of company is that and what do they do?

Q. And what was your job title?

Q. Okay. So actually, of all the eight different jobs you've had since 1996, all eight of them have been in the pharmaceutical industry; is that -- is that fair?

Q. Okay. When you first started in the pharmaceutical industry at Janssen, a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson, what was your position?

Q. Did you ever work as a sales representative?

Q. Did you start as a sales representative?

Q. And what type of position in marketing, do you recall?

Q. But after that, for a period of time, you actually were what's often referred to as a pharmaceutical rep or a sales representative?

Q. Tell the jury what a pharmaceutical rep or sales representative is.

Q. Pharmaceutical sales reps, are they the individuals who typically will go to the doctors' offices to present them information related to the medications they are trying to sell?

Q. A lot of times the sales representatives are the face, sort of, the pharmaceutical company for the doctors?

Q. And when they go to doctors' offices, and sit down with the doctors, I've heard it referred to as detailing the doctors; is that right?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Detailing the doctors?

Q. Okay. And those sales representatives when they go to talk to doctors and detail the doctors, those are sales calls, correct, they are trying to sell their medications to the doctor?

Q. When you worked at -- strike that. At Johnson & Johnson, what types of products were you promoting or selling?

Q. During those four years, did you ever have any experience promoting, marketing, or selling any opioid products?

Q. What products, please.

Q. What type of opioid product is Duragesic?

Q. When you were promoting that Duragesic patch starting in approximately 1996 -- is that fair?

Q. That's fine. So you did that for about a year?

Q. Were you promoting that directly to doctors in their offices or to hospitals or both?

Q. Why did you leave Johnson & Johnson?

Q. Of the eight jobs that you've had in the pharmaceutical industry during the last 22 years approximately, have you been terminated from any of those jobs?

Q. You've left on your own accord each time --

Q. -- you left a company. And then you went to Purdue Pharmaceutical Company; is that correct?

Q. Purdue Pharmaceutical Company is a large pharmaceutical company that is oftentimes credited with being sort of the pioneer or the first company to promote at a very high level opioids; is that correct?

Q. When you say analgesic products, you're talking about pain medications?

Q. Okay. At Purdue Pharmaceutical -- strike that. Purdue Pharmaceutical, though, is the company that developed and marketed and sold the opioid called OxyContin; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And were they selling that opioid medication when you were working at Purdue?

Q. What were your job responsibilities while at Purdue during 2000 to 2002?

Q. Were you actually a sales rep going to doctors' offices and detailing them on medications?

Q. Did your detailing of doctors at hospitals while you were at Purdue include detailing them and promoting for sale the opioid OxyContin?

Q. Were you selling and promoting and educating physicians about OxyContin the entire time that you were at Purdue from 2000 until 2002?

Q. Was that opioid, OxyContin, that you were promoting and selling at Purdue, as far as your portfolio, the most profitable or successful medication that you had?

Q. Well, I take it while you were at Purdue and selling OxyContin, your compensation and bonus structure depended in part on how OxyContin did as far as profits for the company?

Q. And that was part of your bonus structure, I take it?

Q. Was that the largest part of your bonus calculation at Purdue?

Q. Okay. And after that you did go to group sales manager, which you said was a consulting firm to pharmaceutical companies that would provide medical education for them; is that right?

Q. So was that a company that if a pharmaceutical company like Purdue or Johnson & Johnson or Teva or Cephalon needed for there to be scientific articles written by doctors supporting their products, they might contract with

Q. I understand, but that's -- the company, group sales manager, that you were working for, that was one of the types of --

Q. Oh, I'm sorry.

Q. I apologize. So was that though one of the services that Connexion Healthcare might provide to pharmaceutical companies?

Q. And so at Connexion Healthcare, as group sales manager, were you involved with contacting physicians around the country to help be involved in either writing publications for pharmaceutical companies or performing studies?

Q. I apologize. Remind me what specifically you were doing for Connexion Healthcare?

Q. Were you working with companies that were promoting and selling opioids during that period of time at Connexion Healthcare?

Q. What was the name of that product?

Q. Okay. But you --

Q. Meaning what?

Q. Experts meaning employees of pharmaceutical companies or experts outside the companies?

Q. But both?

Q. Okay. So if I understand you correctly, pharmaceutical companies, including Janssen who was selling an opioid product -- or excuse me, developing an opioid product, would contact Connexion Healthcare and ask the healthcare company for a liaison between the pharmaceutical company and experts to help perform studies or write papers in support of the drug; is that fair?

Q. After leaving Connexion Healthcare in February of 2004, you went to Cephalon; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Why was it that you left Connexion to go to Cephalon?

Q. And when you were hired at Cephalon in February of 2004, what was your position?

Q. Tell the jury what a product manager is, please.

Q. And when you were hired at Cephalon in 2004, did you have more than one product in your portfolio that you were in charge of as the product manager?

Q. What products were you in charge of promoting as product manager?

Q. When you started at Cephalon in 2004, the only opioid product that Cephalon was actively selling was Actiq; is that right?

Q. And then you mentioned that you were also, when you started, responsible for promotional activity related to another opioid that was not yet on the market; is that right?

Q. Okay. So at the time that you started in February of 2004 at Cephalon, you were actively involved in promoting Actiq, an opioid, correct?

Q. And there was a second opioid that had not yet been approved by the FDA that was -- that was -- strike that. And there was another opioid that had not been yet approved by the FDA that you were working on in your marketing capacity as yet, called Fentora, correct?

Q. Now, when you were interviewing with Cephalon to get a job in 2004, do you recall who you interviewed with?

Q. Who was that?

Q. And I take it they were interested in you as one of -- or being a member of the marketing department because you had experience with selling and marketing opioids in the past, is that your understanding?

Q. No question.

Q. You had experience obviously at that point working with fentanyl products, right?

Q. Did you have any experience with Actiq, the opioid, prior to starting at Cephalon in 2004?

Q. Did you have any experience at all with the opioid Actiq that Cephalon was selling prior to starting at Cephalon in 2004?

Q. So I take it when you started working at Cephalon there was a period of time when you needed to sort of get up to speed and research the Actiq medications so that you're able to understand how it had been promoted, marketed in the past?

Q. That's -- I want to follow up on that because that's a good point. I was wondering if there was some particular reason maybe Cephalon was looking for somebody else to help in the marketing efforts. And it sounds like what you're saying is, Cephalon may have been looking for somebody who had some expertise and experience with risk management plans that are associated with or had been associated with the opioids?

Q. And who was it that was no longer there?

Q. But your understanding is that there had been an employee who left, was either terminated or left on his or her own accord and you were filling that spot?

Q. You just don't know one way or the other?

Q. At any rate, you, I think, had testified that you did have some experience with what are called risk management programs related to opioids prior to starting at Cephalon?

Q. Okay. Prior to starting at Cephalon, in any of the prior companies, healthcare companies or pharmaceutical companies that you have worked for, did you have any experience with a risk management program associated with a drug that had been approved by the FDA?

Q. If you wouldn't mind, give us a short but accurate summary of the training you received when you started at Cephalon in 2004.

Q. One of the things you said you needed to do when you started was to become familiar with the product labeling for Actiq; is that right?

Q. That's the -- when you say the labeling, that includes the label that accompanies the product when it goes to the physician or to the patient; is that correct?

Q. One aspect of the label is, for example, the warning label, correct?

Q. Actiq had a black box warning on it when it was approved by the FDA for example?

Q. Did you receive training from Cephalon when you started related to the potential abuse propensities related to the Actiq product?

Q. So you were familiar with that?

Q. And were you very familiar with, in fact, in communities across America at that point there was actually

Q. Did you receive training when you started at Cephalon related to the potential for diversion of the Actiq opioid that Cephalon was selling?

Q. What about, did you receive any training related to the potential for the risks associated with Actiq including the risk of death related to Actiq from abuse or overdose?

Q. Did you have any training related to -- strike that. You started as the group -- you started as the product director for Actiq in 2004. And how long did you maintain that title?

Q. Let me just make it clear. You -- when you started at Cephalon, you were the product manager for Actiq and your recollection is that you maintained that title for a year; is that right?

Q. And then after a year, did you receive a promotion?

Q. What was that?

Q. And how long did you continue to be senior product manager for the Actiq product?

Q. What were the job duties and responsibilities as a senior product manager of Actiq?

Q. And then how long did you remain a senior product manager for Actiq?

Q. In to Fentora?

Q. And then did you receive a promotion after that?

Q. What was that?

Q. And when was that?

Q. And were you an associate product director in the Fentora team when you left Cephalon?

Q. When were you promoted from associate product director to group director?

Q. How long were you a group director in the pain franchise?

Q. How long were you a group director in the pain franchise before you left Cephalon?

Q. And what were your duties and responsibilities of the group director in the pain franchise at Cephalon?

Q. While you were working at Cephalon, were there any other opioid medications other than Actiq and Fentora that you worked with, including products in development?

Q. What were the names of the other opioid analgesics?

Q. Can you recall any of the names?

Q. Were the products fentanyl-based products?

Q. Short-acting or long-acting opioids?

Q. Rapid-onset opioids?

Q. What were your duties and responsibilities as the group director of the pain franchise?

Q. Who was your boss at that time, direct report?

Q. Was there a period of time that Mr. Pyfer was your direct report?

Q. I actually -- I probably misstated. I was trying to find out was who you reported to?

Q. Once you became the group director of pain?

Q. Let me ask you a few things about your responsibilities in marketing. And you were in the marketing department at all times while at Cephalon, correct?

Q. Okay. And would your marketing responsibilities during the course of your work at Cephalon include liaisoning with key opinion leaders that Cephalon was consulting with or hiring to help educate physicians or promote products?

Q. Did your responsibilities in the marketing department and in the pain franchise at Cephalon include involvement with patient advocacy groups that the company would liaise with, or liaison with or work with related to the promotion of opioids in general or Cephalon's opioid products?

Q. Did your involvement include working on scientific studies that were performed or supported by Cephalon and presented or published related to the opioid products?

Q. Did your involvement include working with doctors or scientists related to scientific studies that were performed or supported by Cephalon?

Q. Did your involvement as a member of the pain franchise in marketing include development of the marketing plans for Actiq and Fentora, the opioid products?

Q. Was there brand plans and then separate from that marketing plans?

Q. They're the same thing?

Q. Okay. There weren't brand plan -- or there weren't marketing plans? They were all called brand plans?

Q. So there was an evolution obviously, what you're saying, is from marketing plans to brand plans?

Q. And what was the change, in other words, from the marketing plans that were being done related to the opioid products and then the change to the brand plans?

Q. As your -- strike that. When you became the group director in the pain franchise that was overseeing the Actiq and Fentora opioids, were you responsible for the marketing budgets at that time?

Q. When you were marketing director of the pain franchise including the marketing of Actiq and Fentora, the opioids that Cephalon was selling, were you involved with the handling of the advisory boards that were consulting with Cephalon about the opioid products?

Q. Is it true that Cephalon would actually hire or retain practicing physicians around the country to serve on advisory boards related to the opioid products?

Q. And those consultants obviously would be paid by Cephalon, correct?

Q. And the company would have periodic meetings with those advisory board physicians around the country from time to time; is that correct?

Q. And was the reason the company would have these advisory boards with these physicians that were retained to consult with them in part about the marketing and promotion of the opioid products?

Q. Was one of the reasons that the company would have these advisory board meetings with these physicians that they had retained to consult with them -- was one of the reasons in part to discuss marketing strategy and promotion of the opioid products?

Q. I've seen in the documents that were produced in this litigation and from your files that oftentimes the marketing plans would talk about doctors that Cephalon intended to target. Do you recall that?

Q. Right. And what is meant by target when it's referring to sales reps and selling the opioid products?

Q. Is it true that the doctors that were targeted by the company were doctors that sales reps were instructed to go meet with them, either in their offices or hospitals to discuss the sale and promotion of the products?

Q. Is it true that the doctors that were targeted by Cephalon were doctors that sales reps were instructed to meet with, either at their offices or hospitals, in order to discuss and promote the opioid products?

Q. Okay. But those are sales calls, correct?

Q. It wasn't like they were just going in and educating on a product. What they wanted to do was make a sale, correct?

Q. Well, we'll -- we'll talk about this more and we'll look at some documents. But the ultimate goal of the sales calls was that through educating the physician and meeting with the physician, the physician would prescribe Cephalon's opioid medications, correct?

Q. That's a little different than my question. The ultimate goal of the sales reps and the marketing and sales department related to these meetings with doctors in their offices was for the prescription -- for the doctor to start prescribing the opioid products, correct?

Q. And one of the goals was to close the deal so to speak and get the doctor to prescribe the medication, the opioid medication, correct?

Q. Okay. I'll rephrase it. One of the goals from the meeting between the sales reps and the doctor when they go talk to the doctors, is to convince the doctor to ultimately prescribe the opioid medication, fair?

Q. So -- so let me be clear. Your testimony to the jury is that it is not one of the goals of the sales reps when they go meet with the doctors, to try to get the doctor to prescribe the opioid medication, fair?

Q. I -- I apologize.

Q. Let me rephrase. One of the goals of the sales representative when they take their messaging that the marketing department prepares for them to go meet with doctors about the opioid products, one of the goals of those Cephalon sales reps is to have the physician prescribe the opioid medications, fair?

Q. So I want to be very precise and clear for the jury. Is one of the goals for the sales rep to convince the doctor to prescribe the opioid medication, yes or no?

Q. Okay. Was one of your jobs in marketing to communicate directly with the physicians about the opioid medications?

Q. What about pharmacies and nurses. Was one of your job responsibilities as group director of the pain franchise to communicate directly with the pharmacies or nurses who were involved in prescribing the opioid medications?

Q. That's why I said involved with the prescription.

Q. One of your responsibilities as marketing director at Cephalon was marketing conditioning; is that correct?

Q. Tell the jury what that means.

Q. Do -- strike that. Does marketing conditioning including -- include any other activities prior to launch to prepare the market for the launch of a new drug?

Q. Other activities.

Q. What are the other activities that the marketing department at Cephalon for example, would do as part of market conditioning prior to the launch of an opioid like Fentora?

Q. So for example, are you referring to, with the Fentora product and the -- are you referring to the disease process, or does disease awareness activities include -- let me start over. Strike that. The disease process that you are talking about with respect to Fentora would be breakthrough pain; is that correct?

Q. And so prior to the launch for example, of Fentora for sales in the United States, you were involved as a marketing product director in conditioning the market related to breakthrough pain as a disease process for cancer and noncancer?

Q. He talked over you, so --

Q. Okay. We talked briefly about what opioid was being marketed and sold by Cephalon when you started in February of 2004. And the name of that product was Actiq, correct?

Q. I'll hand you what's been marked as Exhibit 2, which is a depiction, I believe, that we received from promotional materials or marketing materials within the Cephalon company. And tell us what this is.

Q. Okay. So I want to -- I want to talk about this a little bit. But I've heard this product referred to "fentanyl on a stick." Have you heard it referred to that, as that?

Q. It's also been referred to as, I think on the streets, in communities as "perc-a-pop." Have you referred it heard it referred to as that?

Q. Okay. This was the first ever fentanyl opioid Cephalon sold, correct?

Q. When you went to the company and you became educated on the product you were responsible for in the marketing department, did you go back in time to see whether or not this was the first opioid fentanyl product for Cephalon or if they had others in the past?

Q. Now, this product, and if you look -- just wait one second. He's going to pull it up. Okay. Mr. Terifay, we're looking at the image of the Actiq sticks with fentanyl on the left side; is that right?

Q. Describe for the jury if you would, Mr. Terifay, what each component of these sticks are, in other words what is that on the left side where it says, on the top stick, "Actiq 200"?

Q. And is that the side of the product that actually goes inside the mouth of the patient?

Q. And, if you would, tell us how it is that the product is supposed to be placed in the mouth of the patient.

Q. And we -- we're showing the jury a demonstration of the way a patient might insert the product inside the mouth. And I think what you're saying is that they would swirl it around on the inside of their cheek; is that fair?

Q. And how long would the patient have to swirl it around on the inside of their cheek for the product to start giving pain relief, do you know?

Q. So there's six different doses here; is that correct?

Q. The highest dose being 1600 micrograms; is that right?

Q. What was a typical dose that would be prescribed to patients who were starting on the Actiq lozenge?

Q. Or do you know?

Q. Now, these lozenges on the stick, the part that's put in the mouth is a flavored -- it has a flavor to it, does it not?

Q. I think it was referred to in the documents as sort of a berry flavor; is that right?

Q. Okay. And you know from interaction with others in the marketing department that it was sometimes called sweet and flavorful -- and flavorful; is that correct?

Q. Now, these products, or this Actiq product, was a Class II narcotic; is that correct?

Q. And Schedule II analgesic opioid is the highest or most restrictive classification of narcotics in our country; is that correct?

Q. But as far is for medical use and what patients can be prescribed, Class II or Schedule II narcotics like the Actiq is the most restrictive classification, correct?

Q. Now, what was this Actiq product approved for?

Q. I'll hand you a copy of Exhibit 3. I'm going to talk to you now about the approval of this Actiq product that we've seen. And just for the jury's sake, is it true that any opioid medication like Actiq, before it can be sold in the United States, has to be approved for sale by the Food and Drug Administration, called the FDA?

Q. Okay. And that process, I take it, you know from your experience, includes the company like Cephalon in Actiq's case, submitting an application to the FDA in order to ask the FDA to approve the drug for certain uses; is that fair?

Q. Okay. And in the application, the sponsor, they call -- the FDA calls it the sponsor, but the company who's asking FDA for approval of the drug has to state specifically what the company wants the drug to be used for, in other words what conditions, for example, the company wants the drug to treat, fair?

Q. Exhibit 3, as you see, talks about the FDA-approved indication for Actiq. And the word "indication" is a word that the jury has heard a lot. But the indication for a drug like Actiq means the intended use of the drug, correct?

Q. Okay. And in the case of Actiq -- and we'll look at the approval letter that was received by Cephalon for an entity that Cephalon bought for the approval of Actiq, but is this, based on your memory, an accurate statement of what Actiq was intended to be used for when it was approved by the FDA?

Q. Oh, I'm sorry about that.

Q. We'll go --

Q. We'll go to the approval letter in a minute. But is your understanding or memory based on your experience with the promotion of marketing of Actiq -- and I apologize for the misspelling there -- but that it was indicated or intended to be used for breakthrough cancer pain in patients with cancer who are already tolerant to opioid therapy for cancer pain?

Q. And tolerant to opioid therapy, the FDA wanted to make sure that the patients who take Actiq were tolerant to opioid therapy. What does that mean?

Q. What is the reason why the FDA was concerned and made clear in the approval of the product and the approved product labeling that patients who took Actiq had to have already been exposed to opioids?

Q. Well, one of the concerns, I take it you know, is that if a patient takes a product like Actiq that's an opioid, a fentanyl product like Actiq, without having been on opioids before, it increases the risk of respiratory depression in that patient, correct?

Q. Okay. And so opioid tolerance was something that the FDA and your company was concerned about, that these patients who were going to take Actiq, once it was launched and given to

Q. And the idea being that if in fact that was the case, then the risk of respiratory depression and potential death would be less?

Q. Mr. Terifay, we are back on the record after a short break. Are you ready to proceed?

Q. Before the break we were talking about Actiq and the FDA approval of Actiq. And I've handed you Exhibit 4. I apologize for the previous misspellings. And have corrected -- corrected that. But let me ask you, so the FDA, when it was asked to approve Actiq as we discussed, Cephalon told the FDA that it wanted approval for this drug called Actiq to treat patients for a condition called breakthrough cancer pain, correct?

Q. Okay. And ultimately the FDA, as we'll discuss in some detail, did approve Actiq for marketing and promotion and sales in the United States for the treatment of breakthrough cancer pain in patients that are tolerant, opioid tolerant, related to the treatment of their underlying cancer, correct?

Q. Okay. Exhibit 4 is a is

Q. Okay And now the FDA did not approve Actiq for any other pain treatment other than for cancer pain, correct?

Q. I'm going to hand you Exhibit 5 and ask you if you agree. There are lots of different types of pain that some opioids are being used and have been used by physicians to treat, correct?

Q. Yeah. Before I ask you about this slide, is it -- is it true, based on your experience going back to 1996 that there are lots of different types of pain that certain opioids have been treating for a long time?

Q. Okay. But with respect to Actiq, the fentanyl-based product that Cephalon asked the FDA to approve, the FDA did an analysis, looked at their application, and approved Actiq for only the use of cancer-related breakthrough pain, correct?

Q. Okay. And as it states in this slide, the FDA did not approve the use of Actiq, Cephalon's opioid, for back pain, correct?

Q. Is that correct?

Q. Headache, didn't approve the use of Actiq for headache, right?

Q. Did not, meaning the FDA -- strike that. The FDA did not approve Actiq for the use of chronic pain, correct?

Q. So if we -- if we wanted to make this accurate in your mind, what this should be is chronic -- the FDA did not approve the use of Actiq for chronic pain other than cancer-related chronic pain, fair?

Q. Okay. And we know the FDA did not approve the use of Actiq for postoperative pain, correct?

Q. And, in fact, this is not an exhaustive list of the types of pain. There's arthritis pain, correct?

Q. There is pain related to fibromyalgia or RSD, correct?

Q. But the point is, the FDA did not approve Actiq for use of any type of pain other than pain that is specifically cancer-related pain, correct?

Q. Okay. And the FDA, when it approved Actiq for cancer-related breakthrough pain, it actually was submitted to studies by Cephalon to review, correct?

Q. Okay. But there were studies submitted to the FDA so that it could actually determine whether or not Actiq was safe for use for cancer pain, correct?

Q. And those studies that were submitted by Cephalon, those were cancer pain studies, correct?

Q. Okay. But the FDA never found that Actiq, to this day, has never found that Actiq was, or would be safe and effective for the use of back pain, headache pain, migraine pain, arthritis pain, chronic pain other than cancer-related chronic pain, or postoperative pain, correct?

Q. Right. And so is it -- is it fair to say that you're not aware that the FDA has ever found that any of those indications, or excuse me -- strike that. Is it fair then to say that you're not aware that the FDA has ever said to this day that Actiq would be safe and effective to treat any of those conditions?

Q. Nothing that you can recall as you sit here today?

Q. Now, is it true that the FDA, when it approves a drug like Actiq that it believes have substantial risks to patients of abuse or diversion or misuse, it can require the company or the sponsor of the drug to engage in a risk management program when it approves the product?

Q. Right, okay. So -- so -- but there are some -- I guess my point is there are some drugs that pharmaceutical companies, and primarily -- or most of the pharmaceutical drugs that are approved by the FDA are never approved with any risk management programs associated with the drug, correct?

Q. Yeah. It wasn't a good one.

Q. But we know from your testimony, as of the time that you started at Cephalon in 2004 after you had already worked for, I think, two or three pharmaceutical-related companies previously, you didn't have any experience with a medication that had been approved by the FDA and had been -- and the company had been required to have

Q. And you, I take it, by that time, had been involved with either from

Q. Well, do you think prior in the eight years prior to coming to Cephalon and working in the pharmaceutical industry, that it had been greater than 20 products that you had been involved in -- in detailing or the marketing of those products?

Q. You have no idea?

Q. Okay. Do you think it was greater than five?

Q. It could be three?

Q. At any rate, you had no experience, correct?

Q. With a risk management program?

Q. Now, you mentioned previously that the other opioid at Cephalon that you had responsibility for in your capacity as a marketing employee was a drug called Fentora, correct?

Q. And Fentora is another fentanyl-based Class II opioid, just like -- or not just like, but in the same class as Actiq, correct?

Q. Is that correct?

Q. We're displaying a picture for the jury, Mr. Terifay, of boxes of the Fentora. And if you look there, you can see below the boxes and the packets -- do they call those blister packets? Is that correct?

Q. And inside those blister packages, it looks like there are tablets; is that correct?

Q. So Actiq was a stick with fentanyl on the end. And incidentally, you heard about Actiq, that it sometimes was referred to as a lollipop, correct?

Q. Okay Now, Fentora, the new product that was marketed during your time at Cephalon as an opioid, a fentanyl-based opioid, Fentora was a tablet, not a lollipop-looking type of product, correct?

Q. And you can see here from the demonstration on the right, is that a demonstration of how the product -- the tablet is supposed to be placed in the mouth of the patient?

Q. Tell us how that -- the Fentora product is designed to work and provide pain relief to the patient?

Q. Is the tablet supposed to be placed between sort of the gums and the cheek?

Q. And is there some reason why it's placed there? In other words, is that what allows for the most rapid onset of the pain relief?

Q. And Fentora is sometimes referred to as a rapid-onset opioid; is that right?

Q. Do you recall --

Q. Sorry.

Q. I was going to say, I saw in the documents, the marketing documents that were produced from your file, that one of the messages that your marketing department was giving to doctors, is that Fentora was a ROO, R-O-O, or a rapid onset opioid. Do you recall that?

Q. Now, Fentora, just for the jury's understanding, was actually approved by the FDA in September of 2006. Is that consistent with your memory?

Q. And Fentora came onto the market at a time when the prior product that we were just looking at, the fentanyl on a stick was actually going off the market, correct?

Q. Strike that. That's not a good question. And Fentora, this product, new opioid fentanyl product, came onto the market at a time when Actiq, the prior product we looked at, was at the end of what's called its lifecycle, correct?

Q. And for the jury's sake, what does it mean to be at the end of a lifecycle for a drug?

Q. You can. If you would, go ahead and answer the question, and then you can confer with him.

Q. Okay. So I want to --

Q. Mr. Terifay, you've had a chance to confer with your counsel. Are you ready to proceed?

Q. Okay. We were talking about the Fentora product before the short break. And we were talking about that Fentora came onto the market at a time that's sometimes referred to the end of Actiq's lifecycle. And I think you just explained in general terms what that means. I'd like to ask you though with respect to Actiq specifically, what it means that at the time Fentora came onto the market and was sold by the company, what does it mean that Actiq's lifecycle was ending at that point?

Q. I see. Okay. And tell me if I'm wrong. I don't want to put words in your mouth. But you said that Actiq was losing its exclusivity; is that right?

Q. And I think from my research, it sounds like a lot of times medications like Actiq, or most pharmaceuticals, might have a patent that protects them for a period of time after they are approved and launched for sale in the United States; is that right?

Q. And so for example Actiq, once it was launched in 1998, well before you were there, but there was a patent that protected Actiq while it was on the market and sold up until, I believe, September or October of 2006, correct?

Q. And what it means to be patent protected is that for that drug, that molecule, Actiq, that medication, no other pharmaceutical company could develop that same drug or that molecule and sell it. Cephalon had the sole rights to do that, correct?

Q. Okay. And for instance, Actiq, I've seen indications. We'll look at documents. But Actiq was a drug that sales were, over time, during that eight years of exclusivity, approximately $1.8 billion. Do you recall that or something generally like that?

Q. Okay. At any rate, so once Actiq was going to lose its exclusivity or its patent protection, as you said, other companies could then develop and sell generic forms of Actiq, right?

Q. And generic forms of drugs are much, much less expensive than a brand form like Actiq, fair?

Q. Okay. But usually?

Q. Okay. So is it fair to say that Actiq was losing its patent protection, as you say its exclusivity, and the company knew that there were going to be generic drugs to come on the market that would be much less expensive, so Cephalon was facing the loss of, you know, at that time hundreds of millions of dollars if they simply didn't have another drug that was a fentanyl-based drug, fair?

Q. No, I understand that. But if -- my example was if Actiq lost its exclusivity and its patent protection, and generics came on that were less expensive and Fentora didn't exist, then at that time the company knew, it's often called the patent cliff, the company knew that once generics came in, they would take most of the business, that's usually what happens, correct?

Q. But you know that's usually what happens, fair?

Q. And they bring those lower generic types of products on, like a generic Actiq, and the company knows that usually it's going to lose a large portion of the sales, correct?

Q. Okay. In the case of Actiq, Cephalon was looking at losing -- I think by 2006 Actiq was a $475-million-a-year product, correct?

Q. At any rate, Cephalon was able to go out and purchase another company called CIMA Labs and buy a product that CIMA Labs had developed and that was on the market, which was Fentora, correct?

Q. Okay. Let me -- that's a good point, I apologize. Let me restate it. At any -- at any rate, what I -- what I meant was Cephalon was able to, and did, purchase a company called CIMA Labs back, I believe, during the time you were at the company which had another fentanyl-based product that they were asking the FDA to approve, correct?

Q. I totally want to be accurate, so I appreciate that. So and the beauty of it for Cephalon was that it knew that Actiq was going to lose exclusivity and there was another product that was in development, Fentora, that they had purchased, and now it had, as you said, some differentiating characteristics, some improved characteristics, so that when Actiq went off patent, Fentora could be launched and hopefully maintain those sales, fair?

Q. I'm not -- I'm not actually asking you that. I'm saying, based on your experience, you know that the way things transpired, Actiq lost its exclusivity. Generic Actiq came onto the market. And Cephalon was able to launch Fentora at around the same time in order to make sure or try to maintain as much of the Actiq sales as it could, correct?

Q. All you know is that, as a marketing director, is that Actiq lost exclusivity and the company at that point stopped promoting Actiq, correct?

Q. Right. And then shortly thereafter, or precisely almost at the same time, the company started promoting the new product that was approved by the FDA called Fentora, correct?

Q. And it was really close in time to the time Actiq went off exclusivity or patent protection, Fentora came on, and there was a change of promotion from Actiq to Fentora, correct?

Q. Does that sound correct?

Q. Okay. And in fact, part of your marketing plan, and one of the key success factors for the marketing plan that you were involved with creating, was to try to get all of those Actiq prescribers to now prescribe this new drug we see here called Fentora, correct?

Q. Right. And I think it's referred to as "convert the Actiq prescribers to Fentora," correct?

Q. Okay. Now, this Fentora product is a very powerful fentanyl drug, correct?

Q. Narcotic?

Q. It's a narcotic, correct?

Q. You know it's a narcotic, don't you?

Q. Do you know?

Q. Do you know whether it's a narcotic?

Q. Let me ask the question. Sir, as you sit here today, do you know that it is a narcotic, the Fentora product?

Q. Does the pharmaceutical world not like the connotation of their drugs being narcotics?

Q. Okay. That's a good transition, because I want to talk to you about the way this product, Fentora, was labeled and what the intended use was for Fentora. You'll recall that we talked about Actiq's intended use and what the FDA said was safe and effective. Is then -- is it true, Mr. Terifay, that the FDA approved Fentora with the same indication?

Q. Right. And I've shown you what's been marked as Exhibit 7 stating that FDA approved -- or the intended use was -- of Fentora was only indicated or intended to be used for breakthrough cancer pain in patients with cancer who are already tolerant to opioid therapy for their underlying cancer pain.

Q. Is that consistent with your memory, sir?

Q. And the point I want to make for the jury is that again, the FDA looked at this Fentora application from Cephalon and they looked at whether or not the product was safe and effective for cancer pain, correct?

Q. And they approved the drug only for the treatment of breakthrough cancer pain in patients who are opioid tolerant related to their -- the treatment of their underlying cancer pain, correct?

Q. So the indication, you had Actiq go off market, you had Fentora come on market. They are both fentanyl products. They both have the same -- essentially the same intended use, and that's for cancer pain, cancer-related pain, not other types of pain, correct?

Q. Now, there is a difference though, between Fentora and Actiq, as far as the FDA's actions. And I want to hand you Exhibit 8 and ask you about that.

Q. You'll recall, sir, that during your time in the marketing department, Cephalon had actually asked the FDA to take another look at Fentora and ask the FDA to expand the indication or intended use of the drug to be for lots of other types of pain called persistent pain. Do you recall that?

Q. Yeah. And broader indication meaning that the FDA had only approved it for cancer pain. Now, Cephalon wanted the drug to be approved for and used for the treatment of chronic pain that wasn't cancer related, correct?

Q. And it's true, sir, is it not, that the FDA looked at that and actually denied the application for the broader indication?

Q. And as it states here, the FDA never approved the use of Fentora for back pain, headache, chronic pain, postoperative pain, or any other pain that wasn't cancer related, correct?

Q. Okay. In fact, it did look at it, and it denied the use of chronic pain outside of cancer, correct?

Q. Now, these two drugs, Actiq and Fentora, are the only two opioid products that Cephalon brought to market and sold, as far as you know; is that right?

Q. And these were two products, Actiq and Fentora, both fentanyl-based products that were only indicated for the treatment of cancer-related pain, and you were involved in management related to the marketing and promotion of both of these drugs while you were at Cephalon, fair?

Q. Now, both of these drugs are potentially deadly drugs, correct?

Q. Both of these drugs are highly addictive opioid drugs, correct?

Q. Do you agree that they are both known to be addictive?

Q. Well, are you just basing that on the label or did you have experience and have you had experience in life that has led you to believe that both of these products, these highly potent fentanyl products, are highly addictive?

Q. Have you ever heard that people in communities around the United States, all over the United States, have been -- have become addicted to these products?

Q. Have you ever had any friends or family members that have been affected by the opioid epidemic?

Q. But you are aware that there is an opioid epidemic in our nation right now, aren't you?

Q. Do you disagree?

Q. Have you ever thought about how the widespread dissemination of Actiq and fentanyl may have contributed to that opioid epidemic?

Q. Have you ever thought about how these products, the ones that you were marketing and promoting, might have contributed to that?

Q. Both of these products are prone to what's called diversion, correct?

Q. Tell the jury what diversion is.

Q. Now, both of these drugs you know from your experience have street value when sold illegally on the street, correct?

Q. And you're aware that both of these medications have risks unique to them as opioids, including respiratory failure?

Q. I'll hand you what's been marked as Exhibit 10. I'll represent to you, Mr. Terifay, this is an e-mail string that was produced to us in this litigation from Teva's internal files. I want to ask you a few questions about this. If you go to the second page.

Q. Have you had a chance to review the e-mail, Mr. Terifay?

Q. Okay. Now, I want to direct your attention to actually the bottom of the first page, if you don't mind. There's an e-mail from Stacey Beckhardt to several people, including you on April 27th, 2004. Do you see that?

Q. Now, April 2004, that's shortly after you started working at Cephalon in February of 2004, correct?

Q. And I suspect this is a period of time where you're sort of just getting up to speed on Actiq so that you can effectively do your job as someone who is responsible for marketing and promoting the Actiq, correct?

Q. Okay. And the subject of this e-mail is, "Associated Press article, Increase in Abuse Reported of Narco" -- "Narcotic Lollipops For Cancer Patients." Do you see that?

Q. Ms. Beckhardt, who is she?

Q. Now I take it the public relations department from time to time would send you articles that had to do with products in your portfolio, for example, media reports, press releases, things like that for you to review, correct?

Q. Part of their job was to make sure that you were seeing these types of articles and -- or presses -- press releases or media reports on drugs you were responsible for to help you do your job effectively, correct?

Q. Right. And that was important for you to read these types of articles so you were informed, correct? MR. SHEPHARD Objection.

Q. It states, "Please see the stories below. There are no new cases of diversion under discussion. The Pennsylvania Attorney General's office was talking about trends." Let me ask you, so shortly after you started at Cephalon, you, I take it, learned from this article or through your conversations with your contemporaries that Cephalon was under investigation for illegal off-label promotion of Actiq by the United States attorneys, did you find that out?

Q. Okay. How was it that you found that out?

Q. Okay. Do you recall any conversations about that?

Q. If you go to the next page, to the article. It states, "Increase in abuse reported of narcotic lollipops for cancer patients." And it's an Associated Press writer who wrote the article on April 27, 2004. Do you see that?

Q. It states, "A narcotic painkiller in lollipop-like form designed to speed relief to cancer patients has begun showing up in illegal sales in Philadelphia and elsewhere under the street nickname 'perc-a-pops.'" Do you see that?

Q. And I think I asked you that previously, but that was something that you found out shortly after you started at Cephalon, in other words, that this product was oftentimes referred to as a lollipop, at least on the streets, and on the streets it was -- it was also called perc-a-pops, correct?

Q. Okay. It states if you go down a little, three paragraphs, it states, "Cephalon spokeswoman, Stacey Beckhardt," and that's -- that's the woman from the PR department at Cephalon, correct?

Q. And the PR department is the department that Cephalon puts forward to respond to media requests and things like that; is that right?

Q. And I suspect those individuals in the media department at Cephalon have media training; is that right?

Q. Okay. "Stacey Beckhardt said the company does not know the extent to which Actiq is used recreationally, but noted Cephalon maintains a risk management program to combat such abuse." Do you see that?

Q. And is that sort of consistent with your time at Cephalon when you worked there, that really Cephalon didn't know the extent to which Actiq was being used recreationally on the streets around America?

Q. Yeah. Here the PR department through Stacey Beckhardt is telling the Associated Press in 2004 that this drug of theirs, this highly potent fentanyl opioid, the company doesn't really know the extent to which it's being used recreationally on the streets, and my question is: Was that your experience at Cephalon when you were there, that Cephalon really didn't know how much abuse there was on the streets?

Q. Did you -- did you know specifically yourself the extent to which -- or did you learn the extent to which Actiq was being recreation -- recreationally used or abused on the streets during the time that you were promoting and marketing the product?

Q. And so I take it you never did any investigation yourself into that while you were there?

Q. Do you recall the company ever doing any investigation to find out the extent that their product, their highly potent fentanyl product, was being abused or misused recreationally on the streets?

Q. It then states, "Philadelphia police arrested a Bensalem company" -- "couple in October on drug charges and seized nearly 100 perc-a-pops according to the Bucks County Courier Times. That raid was prompted by a prior arrest in Northeast Philadelphia that had netted about 30 of the Actiq lozenges." Now, were you working in the Philadelphia area at this time?

Q. At the time of this article, this is April of 2004.

Q. How far is that from Philadelphia where these -- or this diversion of Actiq is occurring in the streets of Philadelphia?

Q. "And last week in Northeastern Pennsylvania, Carbondale police arrested three people for delivery and possession of Actiq in the form of what they called morphine lollipop sticks, the Scranton Times reported." Were you aware that Actiq was referred to on the street as "morphine lollipop sticks"?

Q. "Harley said each Actiq lozenge retails for $9.10, but the going street value is $20." Do you see that?

Q. I asked you previously if you knew whether Fentora and Actiq had street value. You obviously had seen this article. I didn't expect you to remember that from many years ago. But does this refresh your recollection that at least as of 2004 you had knowledge that there was street value associated, an abuse related to Actiq?

Q. Okay. But you knew that Actiq had street value in the streets of communities and it was being abused and diverted, correct?

Q. Are you saying that at the time you started your employment?

Q. Okay. You learned after working there?

Q. And obviously knew by April of 2004, correct?

Q. You may have or read it, or may not have?

Q. It states, "We started seeing them in Philly and that's where we understand the nickname came from, he said. "Beckhardt described the taste as a mild berry flavor." We talked about that. That's -- that's a true statement, correct?

Q. Yes, sir.

Q. "Which she said was necessary to meet patient acceptability. But Harley said the attractive taste makes abuse more likely." Did you ever have any conversations at your company while you were there during the approximately five years that the Actiq lollipops, the berry taste, might contribute to abuse or misuse of the products?

Q. The last paragraph states, "Hospitals in the 48 contiguous states reported 576 incidents of nonmedical use of fentanyl products in 2000, but the number rose 1,506 by 2002, said Leah R. Young, spokeswoman for the Federal Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration." Do you see that?

Q. Now, it's true, isn't it, sir, that Cephalon started selling the fentanyl Actiq product in 2002 -- or excuse me, in 2001?

Q. Okay. And that's in a time period specifically that correlates with an increase in the number of reported incidents related to fentanyl, correct?

Q. Now, if you go to Page 1 of this. We talked, I think when you said when you started working at Cephalon, your boss was a man named Andy Pyfer; is that correct?

Q. And he sends an e-mail in response to this article to you and back to Stacey Beckhardt in the product communications department or the PR department and says, "Stacey, thanks for handling this so well. Mr. Harley's 'taste' comment tells me that he is clueless about abuse issues. Abusers/addicts would suck on an old tire if they thought they could get high. Think about it. They jam needles into their arms and inject all kinds of crazy stuff. They crush and snort stuff up their noses. The taste of Actiq is really only an issue with respect to accidental ingestion by children, and I think your response was 100 percent accurate." Let me ask you, do you share the sentiments of Mr. Pyfer here?

Q. Do you think he's sort of blaming the addicts there?

Q. Do you think that's appropriate, what you just read or what we just read?

Q. Was this the sentiment that you witnessed and saw when you were at Cephalon when there were reports of abuse by individuals of your products that the response was lashing out at the abusers?

Q. Did you feel that way?

Q. From reading this document, this article, is this something that -- or is that something, the response that Mr. Pyfer had, your boss had, is that something that you sort of feel like was an appropriate response and you agree with?

Q. I'm going to hand you what's been marked as Exhibit 11.

Q. I will represent to you, Mr. Terifay, that Exhibit 11 was an e-mail string that was produced in this litigation from your custodial file. I just have some questions about the article. I'm only going to ask you about the first page and a quarter.

Q. Have you had a chance to review the article and the e-mail, Mr. Terifay? Okay. This is an e-mail again from Stacey Beckhardt from the PR department at Cephalon sending around an article to you and others at the company; is that correct?

Q. And as you said previously from time to time, the PR department would send you and others within the marketing department articles about products in your portfolio like Actiq so that you could stay up-to-date on the media reports and do your job effectively, correct?

Q. Now, it states, the subject of this e-mail, "Media coverage of arrest of Dr. Lisnichy." Do you see that?

Q. Ms. Beckhardt says, "As you likely recall from e-mails forwarded yesterday, a physician in the Scranton area was arrested for illegal activities related to prescription pain medications, including Actiq." Let me ask you, where is Scranton from Philadelphia?

Q. About how far?

Q. Okay. So this is another media report from sort of local news in the area related to where Cephalon exists, correct?

Q. The next paragraph states, "I appreciate that it can be frustrating to see media coverage that contains misleading or at times erroneous statements. However while we work diligently to influence reporters, we cannot control the angle taken and often cannot constructively refute factual information that might be highlighted." Let me ask you this. The PR department, do they use marketing dollars to try to influence the media?

Q. It states, "Moving forward, we may want to focus on the lessons we can take away from this type of coverage. The need to highlight our monitoring and intervention practices in a positive way." That's talking about highlighting the risk management program and the things your company is doing, correct?

Q. Number 2 states, "The importance of improving relationships with clinicians, physicians and pharmacists, at the local level. These are the experts that the media in small markets will seek out." Do you see that?

Q. So the PR department is telling this group of individuals that they need to foster relationships with the doctors and the pharmacists and things, so that when the media goes to talk to them, they won't say unnice things about the company, correct?

Q. What do you think she meant?

Q. Number 3 says, "Recognition that these same challenges as well as others will exist with OVF." Is OVF Fentora?

Q. Okay. So what the PR department is saying in December of 2004, before Fentora was even on the market, is that this same sort of media press, negative press towards Cephalon may actually occur or you should expect it to occur with Fentora as well, correct?

Q. Well, doesn't that seem like the likely interpretation?

Q. I'm just asking you to give me your interpretation of that.

Q. Okay. Down below, let's talk about the article. It states, "A doctor in Lackawanna County remains in custody tonight held on a million dollars bail. Dr. Nicholas Lisnichy is accused of trading prescriptions for a powerful painkiller for cash and sex. Actiq is a form of morphine prescribed to cancer patients with severe pain." Do you see that?

Q. It sounds like, from this article, that this Dr. Lisnichy is using Actiq and abusing or misusing it and trading the drug for sex with patients, or sex with somebody, correct?

Q. "The company that sells the drug based in West Chester, Pennsylvania, tracks prescriptions but says Dr. Lisnichy did not rank within its top ten percent of prescribers nationally." The company, I guess, then, during your time, were they actually ranking their prescribers and keeping track of the levels of prescriptions of all of their prescribers?

Q. You had never heard of that?

Q. It then says -- skip a sentence. It says, "Actiq might look like a lollipop, but it's not candy. It's one of the most physically and psychologically addictive drugs on the market." Do you see that?

Q. And you knew that, right? You knew that. This is December of 2004. At least by then you knew this, correct?

Q. So your belief is you worked at the company for five years. You received articles like this from the PR department. You've seen two now. That -- you didn't know that your drug Actiq, the one that you were promoting and marketing, was one of the most physically and psychologically addictive drugs on the market?

Q. Do you agree with that statement or do you know?

Q. On the next page, there is something I want to ask you about. But first, do you recall Dr. Lisnichy?

Q. Okay. On the next page there's a quote from a Dr. Doug Klamp stating, "It really should not be used in people who don't have cancer and who have not" -- I think it should say failed -- "the other narcotics. If someone who hasn't been on Actiq uses it, it can stop their breathing, it can be fatal because of that. And if use is not everyday but once in a while, you're also at significant risk for a fatal reaction to the Actiq." Do you see that?

Q. And do you agree with that statement given by Dr. Klamp?

Q. Well -- okay But -- but I'm asking you personally if you agree with that statement about the product you were promoting.

Q. Do you agree that Actiq, like Dr. Klamp said, should not be used in patients that don't have cancer, because it could be fatal?

Q. So you have no opinion on that either?

Q. I'm going to hand you what's been marked as Exhibit 12. I will represent to you, Mr Terifay, that this is an e-mail string that was produced from Teva's internal files related to this litigation, and this e-mail string is including an e-mail from you to Michael Richardson and the PR department among others. Now, as we've discussed, sir --

Q. Mr. Terifay, have you had a chance to review the e-mail?

Q. Okay. So now you would have been -- this is an e-mail from 2005. And I want to focus you on the one in the middle of the page from you, January 24, 2005. And I want to start by asking you, at that time, were you a product director for the Actiq portfolio?

Q. A product manager at that time. Okay. In the marketing department, right?

Q. And working on the promotion and marketing related to the Actiq drug, right?

Q. If you go to the next page, let's start there. There's another e-mail from Stacey Beckhardt, who as we've discussed is in the PR department, sending you and others an e-mail on January 24, 2005. Do you see that?

Q. And she is sending it as an FYI. And she sort of talks about or attaches a research letter in JAMA, which is a very prestigious journal, correct?

Q. And the letter in JAMA is reporting on increased reports of diversion and abuse, use of methadone, do you see that?

Q. And what is methadone?

Q. So methadone is another opioid product, correct?

Q. That was a product that was manufactured and sold by, not Cephalon but another company, correct?

Q. One of Cephalon's competitors?

Q. Okay. At any rate, it talks about under the findings that there were reports of methadone abuse increasing fivefold in 2003. And do you have a memory of the time period when you were working in the pharmaceutical industry that opioids like methadone were -- the abuse of those were increasing at a rapid rate?

Q. You don't recall anything about methadone at all?

Q. It states, "The number of prescriptions for methadone increased from fewer than 1 million in 2002 to 2.6 million in 2003. This increase suggests that methadone is now being increasingly prescribed for pain management." Do you see that?

Q. And was it a drug at that time that was indicated for pain management or was that an off-label use?

Q. Okay. At any rate, the article shows that there was a -- more than a two-and a half-fold increase of the prescriptions of methadone during that period of time, correct?

Q. And the article was stating or correlating the massive increase in prescriptions of methadone with the increased numbers of reports of abuse and diversion. Do you see that?

Q. Go ahead.

Q. Okay. And so then you responded to that article on the first page to your contemporaries including Michael Richardson. Was he was he your boss at that time?

Q. Was it Andy Pyfer?

Q. Who is also on here. But Mr. Richardson became your boss later, correct?

Q. Okay. And you say, "Interesting study. It makes complete sense since pain physicians, hospitals and managed care were pushing methadone use right after the OxyContin explosion in 2001." What did you mean when you said they were pushing it?

Q. Pushing sounds like a drug dealer, doesn't it?

Q. Okay. At any rate you think you -- they were talking about recommending its use, methadone's use, right?

Q. Okay. And so you're saying this article makes perfect sense. And then you say, in the last line you say, "The bottom line is, as we all know, greater availability of a drug directly correlates to abuse and diversion." Do you see that?

Q. Those are your words, aren't they?

Q. And that was your belief obviously as of January of 2005 when you put this in an e-mail to your boss and others, correct?

Q. Well, and you say specifically here, "as we all know," referring to the others on the e-mail, correct?

Q. No, I'm just asking you about what you say. You say --

Q. -- "as we all know." So you're referring to the others in the e-mail, correct?

Q. Based on your e-mail, Mr. Terifay, as of January of 2005 and your specific words, what you're saying is that Cephalon, as well as you, all of you knew that with a medication, the bottom line is, you say, when that medication becomes available, there's greater availability, that directly correlates to abuse and diversion, correct?

Q. That's not what you're saying?

Q. At the time, did you believe what it states here that the bottom line is, as we all know, greater availability of a drug directly correlates to abuse and diversion?

Q. Well, let's talk about what you believe now. Do you believe now, as stated here by you in January of 2005, that the bottom line is, as we all know, greater availability of a drug directly correlates to abuse and diversion?

Q. You just don't know one way or the other?

Q. Well, you had an opinion on it in 2005, in January, when you sent the e-mail to your superiors, didn't you?

Q. Are you denying that those are your words?

Q. You're not denying that those are your words and that that was stated accurately at the time, fair?

Q. The truth is, you know from your experience in the industry from 22 to 23 years, that your statement back in January of 2005 is true, that in fact, the more an opioid becomes widely available across the United States, the more abuse and diversion occurs, correct?

Q. Could that be one contributing factor?

Q. And the more widely available, will you agree --

Q. -- likely it leads to more abuse and diversion?

Q. Mr. Terifay, we are back on the record after a short break. Are you ready to proceed?

Q. Okay. So we were talking before the break about the Actiq opioid fentanyl medication that Cephalon was marketing and selling and that you were involved with the promotion of. Do you recall that?

Q. Okay. Now, during your duties as marketing and promoting the fentanyl opioids at Cephalon, were you involved at all in the development of the risk management processes?

Q. The RMP for Actiq was in place, correct?

Q. Were you involved in the development related to the RiskMAP with Fentora?

Q. And in what respect, sir --

Q. Mr. Terifay, with respect to the Fentora RiskMAP that you helped prepare or develop, what were your duties and responsibilities?

Q. But -- but you -- it was important for you to understand the RiskMAP, I take it, and with respect to Actiq, the risk management plans to help you understand the parameters that existed for the marketing department as far as promotion of the drug, correct?

Q. And I think I've seen from the documents that you are familiar with risk management processes and you've presented on that subject I believe; is that correct?

Q. And did you actually present at FDA advisory hearings on that?

Q. Okay. What's the purpose of

Q. Thank you. So, and I was going to say that. The primary concern or goal of a risk management program or a RiskMAP is patient safety, correct?

Q. When you say population safety, do you mean --

Q. Okay. Meaning the people who are indicated for the drug, the ones that are intended to take the drug?

Q. Go ahead.

Q. Okay. And we'll -- we'll talk about this in a minute. But with respect to Actiq and Fentora, the two Cephalon opioid fentanyl products, both of those products the FDA decided needed to have risk management programs, correct?

Q. I'm going to hand you what's been marked as Exhibit 13. Exhibit 13 is

Q. Okay. Well, let's take a quick look at it. I don't have many questions about it. But we talked previously about the process that a company goes through to get approval by the FDA for the drug that it wants to sell in the open market in the United States. And one of the things that happens is the FDA reviews materials submitted by the company, and then decides whether or not to approve the drug for sale, correct?

Q. And this is a copy of the letter from the Department of Health & Human Services, if you look at Page 4 of the attached, you can see it's a letter from the Food and Drug Administration, up there in the far hand right. It's addressed to Anesta Corporation, which is

Q. Why would -- if you know, sir, the -- why would the approval letter be sent to Anesta Corporation and not Cephalon?

Q. So was Anesta the pharmaceutical company out of the Salt Lake City that actually developed what became known as Actiq?

Q. And then for a period of time, was your understanding also that Anesta was selling, actually, and promoting what was known as Actiq?

Q. Actually I think you have a very good memory. My memory from reviewing the documents is that Anesta contracted with Abbott Labs, or Abbott, the pharmaceutical company, to actually market the product. Is that your understanding?

Q. Okay. And then the documents, I will represent to you, do reflect that Anesta then brought the product back that became Actiq and for a period of time did in fact market it for

Q. Okay. So at any rate, this is back November 4th of 1998, and this is the official approval letter. I want to direct your attention to the third paragraph, which states, "This new drug application provides for the use of Actiq for the management of breakthrough cancer pain in patients with malignancies who are already receiving and who are tolerant to opioid therapy for their underlying persistent cancer pain." Do you see that?

Q. And that's consistent with what we previously talked about, that the FDA approved Actiq only for the treatment of breakthrough pain in cancer patients, correct?

Q. There was no approval by the FDA through the process for back pain, for instance, right?

Q. No approval for chronic noncancer pain, correct?

Q. No approval for neuropathic pain, correct?

Q. No approval by the FDA for postoperative pain or headache pain or migraine pain, correct?

Q. The intended use -- the only intended use that the FDA gave to Cephalon for this product was for cancer-related breakthrough pain, correct?

Q. Okay. If you don't mind, turn -- I think it's three pages from there. They're not numbered, so I know it's difficult. Actually it's the third-to-the-last page. Oh, they are numbered. I'm sorry. Page 5. If you would turn to Page 5, sir. I want to ask you about in the middle of the page about the two paragraphs. It states, "In addition, please note that this product has been approved ONLY" -- in all caps -- "for the management of breakthrough cancer pain in patients with malignancies who are already receiving and who are tolerant to opioid therapy for their underlying persistent cancer pain." Do you see that?

Q. And then there's a paragraph after that that I think probably relates specifically to your job with respect to Actiq. It states, "As such, please note that promotional statements or representations by you that this product may indeed be safe and efficacious in the treatment of diseases or patient populations beyond that contained in your approved labeling may be considered a violation of the Act." Do you see that?

Q. So correct me if I'm wrong, but what that is saying, what the FDA is telling the sponsor, or the pharmaceutical company who is going to market this product, is that it's approved only for cancer, in all caps. And if you make promotional statements or representations that this drug can be used for conditions other than breakthrough cancer pain, then you may be violating the Federal Regulatory Act, correct?

Q. Right. Okay. So as we discussed, the FDA decided as an important aspect of this approval, there needed to be a risk management plan. And I want to hand you Exhibit 14 and talk to you about a few things about the risk management plan for Actiq.

Q. Now, this risk management plan that is marked as Exhibit 14 is dated August 1st, 2001. Do you see that?

Q. And you'll see the sponsor is Anesta Corp., a subsidiary of Cephalon Inc. Do you see that?

Q. As we discussed, this was obviously after the time when Cephalon had purchased Anesta Corp., right?

Q. Okay. And this is a risk management plan that I take it you became familiar with and looked at and educated yourself on after you started working at Cephalon in February of 2004?

Q. All right. Now, this risk management plan was designed by the FDA for the sponsor, Cephalon, or Anesta through Cephalon, to make certain agreements and commitments to the FDA about the promotion, sale, marketing of the Actiq, correct?

Q. All right. And if you turn to Page 5, under the introduction section, it states, "The Actiq risk management program, RMP, has been designed to address three potential risk situations: Accidental ingestion of Actiq by children; improper patient selection, prescriptions to and usage by opioid non-tolerant patients; and diversion and abuse." Do you see that?

Q. "Anesta Corporation, a subsidiary of Cephalon, Inc., has designed and developed a comprehensive program with the primary goal of making every reasonable effort to reduce the risk of potential untoward events in the unintended population to the extent possible." Do you see that?

Q. And so is it fair to say that the concerns the FDA had and the reason for the RiskMAP -- or excuse me the risk management plan, was because they had concerns about diversion related to Actiq, abuse related to Actiq, and misuse related to Actiq, fair?

Q. And I just summarized that sort of, right?

Q. Oh, I apologize. That was another thing they were concerned about, correct?

Q. Okay. And the reason that you know, I'm sure, about the concern the FDA had, and I'm sure Cephalon had as well about accidental ingestion by children, is because there was some belief that these products that sort of look like a lollipop, as we saw, might be sitting around in people's houses and children might ingest them. They taste like berry, so it might lead to accidental ingestion, correct?

Q. Now, if you go down, I just want to highlight again the words state, "The purpose of the RMP is to ensure the safe use of this product." Am I -- am I correct in stating that, again, I think we talked about, the whole purpose of this risk management program is for the safe use of patients and the population it's intended for, correct?

Q. And then under key messages for the RMP, it states, "There are several key messages repeated throughout the RMP which are listed below." And I'd like to talk a little bit about what's on the next page. You see there's child safety messages. And then below that there's proper patient selection messages. Do you see that?

Q. And it talks specifically about messages and concerns, as we talked about, that Actiq is contraindicated for use in opioid non-tolerant patients, right?

Q. Opioid is specifically contraindicated in acute postoperative pain, correct?

Q. I mean, it specifically says that, right?

Q. And then it talks about a concern related to potential overdose, correct?

Q. Now, we went through some articles previously. Abuse, misuse, overdose, addiction with Actiq, those are all things that you had knowledge of shortly after you got to Cephalon, either from articles that came from the PR department or from meeting and talking to your contemporaries, correct?

Q. Okay. And you also learned that the FDA was obviously very concerned about those things too, correct?

Q. Okay. And in the fourth bullet point under proper patient selection, what does proper patient selection mean?

Q. Wait a minute. I want to make this very clear for the jury. Did you and Cephalon interpret these statements that the jury is looking at in order of importance such that the first one was more important than the second or more important than the third or more important than the fourth?

Q. Okay. I take it you agree that all of these statements, agreements and commitments to the FDA are equally important, correct?

Q. Okay. And we talked about the others, but look at the last one. It specifically states, "Actiq is specifically indicated solely for the treatment of breakthrough cancer pain in chronic opioid tolerant cancer patients." Do you see that?

Q. So clearly the FDA was requiring the company to assert and commit to that Actiq would be used solely for patients who had cancer-related pain, correct?

Q. Right. And the FDA found it very important to do that in order to try to prevent the risks that are stated in the risk mitigation program of abuse, misuse, addiction, overdose, and diversion, correct?

Q. Okay. If you go to the bottom, just quickly, it states, "Concern has been raised that Actiq may be perceived as a lollipop because of the design of the Actiq unit. And so efforts will be taken in an effort to minimize the risk of accidental poisoning or inappropriate use and diversion." Do you see that?

Q. Now, if you don't mind, please go to Page 11. Page 11 has package insert. That's the label for the product, correct?

Q. And there's a section there that talks about the black box warnings that are on the Actiq label, correct?

Q. Okay. And the last part of that label, there's -- and we'll talk more about the label. But again, in the label, just to point out, it states, "Actiq is intended to be used only in the care of cancer patients and only by oncologists and pain specialists who are knowledgeable of and skilled in the use of Schedule II opioids to treat cancer pain." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Now, this is a label that you know from your experience in the pharmaceutical industry, labels are negotiated with the FDA. The sponsor of the product and the FDA negotiate what is going to be contained therein, correct?

Q. Okay. And the FDA decided and approved a label that made it clear that this product should only be used for cancer pain, and also to make it clear that it should only be used by certain practitioners, correct?

Q. Yes. And the practitioners that it's only to be used by, according to the FDA and according to the label and according to the agreement and commitments of the company, are oncologists, which are cancer doctors, correct?

Q. And secondly, a group of doctors called pain specialists, correct?

Q. Okay. Those are the limits according to the risk -- according to the label, but also included in the risk management program, correct?

Q. That's a very good point. I apologize, I left that out, because I did want to emphasize that. Not only did the FDA say that you can -- this product is only to be used by oncologists and pain specialists, but it also says that those doctors have to be knowledgeable and skilled in the treatment of cancer pain, correct?

Q. Right.

Q. But we're talking about knowledge and skill treating cancer, correct?

Q. Right.

Q. Does --

Q. Exactly.

Q. No that was my fault. That was a bad question. Let me clarify. The labeling and the risk management program make it clear that Actiq should only be used by oncologists and pain specialists who are knowledgeable and skilled in use of the Schedule II opioids to treat cancer pain, correct?

Q. So if -- for example, if a primary care physician is not treating cancer pain and doesn't have skill or knowledge in that, that wouldn't be an appropriate doctor for this medication, correct?

Q. Right. And they need both, right?

Q. They need both skill and knowledge in treating cancer pain and skill and knowledge in treating with opioids, correct?

Q. Okay. If you would go to Page 15, please. Now there was going to be a launch obviously of Actiq and that happened before you got there. But the risk management program put in place between Cephalon and the FDA states that "Actiq will target" -- at the bottom -- "a relatively small group of clinicians. The emphasis on the promotion will be highly educational." Do you see that?

Q. And that statement, obviously, has something to do with the concern by the FDA that the more widely used this medication is, the more possibility there is for abuse, misuse, diversion and that type of thing, correct?

Q. And then if you go to the next page, there is specifically who the target audience should be. And it states, "The target physician audience for Actiq is a group of approximately 5,000 oncologists and pain specialists, their nurses and staff." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So again, it's limiting the use of this drug and the company is committing and agreeing to that it's going to be a small group of physicians who are the targets, about 5,000 oncologists and pain specialists, correct?

Q. Okay. And it says, "These physicians are already using C-II opioids to treat cancer pain, are generally knowledgeable about breakthrough cancer pain, and should understand the appropriate use of the Actiq for opioid tolerant cancer patients," correct?

Q. Again, emphasizing that its use is going to be solely with cancer patients, correct?

Q. Okay. And then if you go to Page 27, there's a discussion of off-label usage. Do you see that?

Q. Now, we haven't talked about off-label usage today. So if you don't mind, please define what off-label usage means.

Q. Okay. So does that mean, in other words, that -- is use of Actiq in this situation for pain conditions other than cancer-related pain?

Q. Okay. It states, "Whenever

Q. Now, there's some actions that need to occur if the company Cephalon identifies off-label use of Actiq. And Number 1 paragraph, and Number 2 are the paragraphs that state specifically what Cephalon is supposed to do, correct?

Q. So supposed to send letters if it's a problem of off-label use to prescribers telling them specifically what the indication is and who the appropriate patients are, and also needs to monitor the patterns internally, correct?

Q. Then it says, "If a problem persists, an oncology sales specialist will visit with the doctors who are off-label prescribing and remind them what is appropriate for Actiq." Do you see that?

Q. Did Cephalon ever have what's called an oncology sales specialist while you were there?

Q. Who was it?

Q. Yeah, I'm trying to get the name of the individual that you say Cephalon designated as an oncology sales specialist.

Q. So is your testimony today that Cephalon, during the time that you were there, had oncology sales specialists in the -- outside of the pain department or the pain franchise, but in the oncology franchise, who would call on these doctors pursuant to this agreement if the terms were met?

Q. Is that your testimony?

Q. Was it the sales reps in that division? Is that who you're referring to?

Q. And do you know if they ever actually went to physicians' offices like as stated here, if there was an off-label problem with doctors prescribing Actiq for noncancer-related pain?

Q. So as you sit here today, you don't have any knowledge of them doing that?

Q. Okay. And then if you turn to Page 29, just quickly, in the second paragraph, it says, "Cephalon, Inc., will provide a quarterly report to the FDA compiled from all data collected." And one of the things the report was supposed to look into, if you read the next sentence was off-label usage of the drug, correct?

Q. And it states, "This report will describe and provide data on any concerns for child safety, diversion, and off-label usage," correct?

Q. And do you know if Cephalon was actually doing that, and following this agreement?

Q. As you sit here today, you can never recall seeing one of those reports that's required by this agreement correct?

Q. Why do you think it was important to the FDA and that Cephalon would commit as it did in the risk management program to prescribe this fentanyl Actiq medication only to a highly skilled set of doctors who treat cancer pain?

Q. But your guess is because of the concern of, like we've looked at, the misuse, abuse, diversion, those things, correct?

Q. Okay. So after looking at the approval letter for Actiq and after looking at the risk management program, let me ask you, based on those documents, would the promotion of Actiq by Cephalon for use in back pain treatment be off-label use -- promotion?

Q. No, I understand that's your position. But I'm asking a different question. I'm asking based on these documents -- and you have been an expert in marketing and promotion of drugs for, what, 23 years now?

Q. Well, let me ask you this. Do you think you have expertise related to what is appropriate promotion and marketing of --

Q. Okay. That's fair enough. Okay. So based on your experience -- I'm giving you an example. Based on the FDA approved indication for Actiq and based on the risk management program put in place required by the FDA, do you believe that if Cephalon promoted Actiq for the treatment of noncancer back pain, that that would be off-label promotion?

Q. And that would be -- strike that. And there are federal regulations that relate to off-label promotion of drugs, correct?

Q. Okay. And so that would be -- that hypothetical -- I understand it's a hypothetical. If the company did promote Actiq for noncancer back pain, that would be an off-label promotion that is in violation of the federal regulations, correct?

Q. You don't know if that would be a violation of the federal regulation?

Q. Right. We're talking hypothetical. Let me ask you, if the company, hypothetically, Cephalon, based on our review of the risk management agreement and the approval letter, if Cephalon promoted Actiq for noncancer related chronic pain or arthritis or headaches or migraine, would that be illegal off-label promotion?

Q. Right.

Q. Okay. And so I think you have a problem with me saying it's illegal. I don't want you to give a legal opinion. But I know you have to understand and abide by the federal regulations in your position, correct?

Q. So let me ask you that and I'll take the illegal out. Based on the approval letter for Actiq and the risk management program for Actiq, if Cephalon were to promote Actiq for noncancer back pain or headaches or migraines or arthritis, would that be off-label promotion?

Q. I didn't ask for a legal --

Q. Okay.

Q. I'm going hand you what's been marked as Exhibit 15. And this is --

Q. Okay. Mr. Terifay, this is

Q. Okay. I want to ask you some questions about this. This states, "Philadelphia. United States Attorney General Michael Mukasey and acting United States Attorney Laurie Magid, today announced the filing of a criminal information against, and a civil settlement with the pharmaceutical company Cephalon, headquartered in West Chester, Pennsylvania, for the off-label marketing of three of its drugs." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And this was in 2008. But I will represent to you that the United States of America started investigating Cephalon for illegal promotional practices, off-label promotional practices, even before you came to before you came to the company. Did you learn about the investigation shortly after you started in February 2004?

Q. I take it you knew well in advance when there was an actual guilty plea by the company, correct?

Q. So in the second paragraph it states, "The information alleges that from approximately January 2001 through at least 2006 Cephalon promoted the drugs Actiq, Gabitril and Provigil for uses other than what the federal Food and Drug Administration approved." Do you see that?

Q. Now, were you involved at all in the marketing or promotion of Gabitril or Provigil?

Q. Okay. But you were involved in the marketing and promotion of Actiq, right?

Q. Okay. Skipping down, the last sentence of the next paragraph says, "Once approved, the drug may not be marketed or promoted for so-called off-label uses, meaning any use not specified in an application and approved by the FDA." That's just the definition of off-label promotion that we've talked about, correct?

Q. "The FDA approved Actiq, a fentanyl product, manufactured as a lollipop for use in only opioid tolerant cancer patient, meaning those patients for whom morphine-based painkillers are no longer effective. The drug is a strong and highly addictive narcotic with significant potential for abuse." And by -- we talked about this, but by 2008, did you come to know that and agree with that, that it is a highly addictive narcotic and had significant potential for abuse?

Q. Well, do you disagree with that comment by the DOJ?

Q. And you never did any investigation in to try to determine that, correct?

Q. Okay. "The drug is a strong" -- let's see. "The drug is a strong and highly addictive narcotic, with significant potential for abuse. "From 2001 through at least 2006, Cephalon was allegedly promoting the drug for noncancer patients to use for such maladies as migraines, sickle cell pain crises, injuries and in anticipation of changing wound dressings or radiation therapy." Do you see that?

Q. Now, that would be in part during the period of time that you were a product manager for Actiq and responsible for promotion and marketing of Actiq, correct?

Q. Okay. Cephalon also promoted Actiq for use in patients who were not yet opioid tolerant and for whom it could have life-threatening results. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Then we talked about opioid tolerant and how important it was for the patients who were taking Actiq to have already been on an opioid and tolerant to that opioid so that there was not life-threatening respiratory failure or distress, correct?

Q. Couple paragraphs down. "Defendant Cephalon undertook its off-label promotion practices using a variety of techniques. It trained its sales force to disregard the restrictions of the FDA approved label and to promote the drugs for off-label uses. For example, the Actiq label stated that the drug was for opioid tolerant cancer patients with breakthrough cancer pain to be prescribed by oncologists or pain specialists familiar with opioids." And we talked about that, correct?

Q. "Using the mantra" -- "the mantra, 'pain is pain,' Cephalon instructed the Actiq sales representatives to focus on physicians other than oncologists, including general practitioners, and to promote the drug for many uses other than breakthrough cancer pain." Do you see that?

Q. Now, do you remember the time when you were at the company that, in fact, one of the messaging or messages that the marketing department put forth to sales reps was the message of, quote, "pain is pain"?

Q. I'll hand you what's been marked as Exhibit 16. I'll represent to you, Mr. Terifay, that this PowerPoint presentation was produced from the internal files of Teva in this litigation. And that this PowerPoint presentation was contained in your custodial file. Do you recognize this?

Q. And were you one of the individuals in marketing who prepared this?

Q. Okay. Turn to Page 4. It's

Q. Okay. Including marketing individuals for Actiq, correct?

Q. Oh, I'm sorry, Fentora, yes.

Q. And sales representatives or individuals in the sales department for Fentora?

Q. Right. So -- so members of management in the sales department who manage the sales reps would be in the room for this presentation, fair?

Q. Okay. And if you look at the first statement there. It states, "Pain is pain. Cancer and noncancer patients. Pathophysiology the same regardless of etiology/underlying disease." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And just like the DOJ referred to a message "pain is pain," that's contained in the strategic marketing plan for Fentora at Cephalon, correct?

Q. Okay. You can put that aside for now. Now --

Q. Yes. We'll use it again. But, yeah, you can put it aside for now and go back to the D0J statement from the Department of Justice. Cephalon -- it then states, after using the mantra pain is pain, "Cephalon instructed the sales representatives to focus on physicians other than oncologists, including general practitioners, and to promote the drug for many uses other than breakthrough cancer pain." Do you see that?

Q. And you'll recall, we just looked at the risk management program. That's the one that required the promotion by Cephalon, and Cephalon agreed in the risk management program, only to promote to oncologists or other pain specialists who had experience and knowledge in the treatment of cancer pain, correct?

Q. Okay. The last sentence of that paragraph states, "Cephalon also structured its sales quota and bonuses in such a way that sales representatives could reach their sales goals only if they promoted and sold the drugs for off-label uses." Do you see that?

Q. Mr. Terifay, when you were working as a product manager or product director for Cephalon related to sales of Actiq or Fentora, were you involved at all in the compensation program for sales representatives?

Q. Did you determine bonuses for the sales representatives?

Q. That would be somebody in the sales organization?

Q. Now, I think I've seen from documents though that you did aid in -- in determining bonuses and compensation for members of the marketing department, correct?

Q. And part of your evaluation in determining the bonus would be the performance or profits of Actiq, correct?

Q. So the answer is yes?

Q. It then states, from the DOJ, Department of Justice, "These are potentially" -- there's a quote. "These are potentially harmful drugs that were being peddled as if they were, in the case of Actiq, actual lollipops instead of a potent pain medication intended for

Q. And she is a U.S. attorney correct?

Q. "This company subverted the very process put in place to protect the public from harm and put patients' health at risk for nothing more than boosting its bottom line. People have an absolute right to their doctor's best medical judgment. They need to know the recommendations a doctor makes are not influenced by sales tactics designed to convince the doctor that the drug being prescribed is safe for uses beyond what the FDA has approved." Do you see that?

Q. Do you agree with that last sentence, that doctors prescribe the drugs, but pharmaceutical companies, through their sales reps and marketing departments shouldn't, as it states here, "influence doctors by sales tactics designed to convince the doctor that the drug being prescribed is safe for uses beyond what the FDA has approved." Do you agree with that?

Q. I understand that you want to focus on the doctor. What I'm asking you is a little bit different than that. Okay. Let me ask you again. Do you agree with the statement there by the U.S. attorney that doctors can make decisions regarding prescriptions, but that pharmaceutical reps and marketing departments at pharmaceutical companies should not influence the doctors by sales tactics designed to convince the doctor that the drug being prescribed is safe for uses beyond what the FDA has approved? Do you agree with that?

Q. Okay. I want to focus on one statement that you just made, one part of that which is, you don't believe that a pharmaceutical company, through its marketing department or through sales representatives, can influence a physician's final decision to prescribe a drug. That's what you said, correct?

Q. I understand that. You said that you didn't believe -- believe was the word you said -- that a pharmaceutical company could influence the decisions by doctors when prescribing drugs. It was -- that's your belief --

Q. Hold on. Is that your belief? Is that what you're telling the jury?

Q. What is the purpose of the pharmaceutical company putting $30 million into their marketing department for Actiq if they are not trying to influence the physicians to prescribe Actiq?

Q. Is your testimony that the marketing by pharmaceutical companies is solely educational?

Q. Was Cephalon's promotion of Actiq during this period of time that the DOJ is talking about, were there promotion tactics and strategies solely educational?

Q. Okay. So from your answer it's clear to me you're saying that you can speak for yourself only, and you know that you didn't engage in off-label promotion. You're not talking and can't speak for others in the organization, correct?

Q. Or others within the marketing department and sales department, whether they actually did commit off-label promotion?

Q. Is that fair?

Q. Okay. It states, "Defendant Cephalon employed sales representatives and retained medical professionals to speak to doctors about off-label uses of Actiq." Do you see that?

Q. And that's a true statement, isn't it?

Q. Well, I'm asking you if that is a true statement based your experience working at the company Cephalon?

Q. My question is a little bit different. I'm not trying to be difficult or disrespectful. I'm asking you specifically based on your experience there, did you experience that Cephalon employees, other than you included, employed sales representatives and retained medical professionals to speak to doctors about off-label uses of Actiq?

Q. Did that occur?

Q. Are you speaking for yourself or are you speaking for others?

Q. Okay. "The company funded continuing medical education programs through millions of dollars in grants to promote off-label uses of its drugs in violation of the FDA's requirements." Do you agree with that statement? That's a true statement, is it not?

Q. Well, you understand that the company pled guilty to illegal off-label promotion of Actiq, don't you?

Q. The company paid a $425 million fine, correct?

Q. The next page it states, "In

Q. Excuse me. "In a separate civil settlement among Cephalon, the United States, and various states, executed contemporaneously with the guilty plea agreement, Cephalon will pay $375 million plus interest to resolve false claims by the United States Medicaid and Medicare health benefit program, the Postal Workers Compensation program, the Federal Employees Compensation Act program, the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation program, and other programs." Do you read that?

Q. If I go down two paragraphs. It states, "Today's settlement demonstrates the governments continued scrutiny of sales and marketing practices by pharmaceutical companies that put profits ahead of the public health." Do you see that?

Q. And while you were at Cephalon and promoting Actiq, your memory, I take it, is consistent with the documents that, from the time Cephalon started marketing Actiq in 2001 until 2006 when Actiq was at the end of its lifecycle, Actiq went -- or excuse me, revenues went from I believe it was $20 million to $475 million a year. Is that consistent with your memory?

Q. And then the civil settlement also resolved four qui tam whistleblower actions filed in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Do you see that?

Q. Do you know the employees who were whistleblowers and filed lawsuits?

Q. Mr. Terifay, we are back on the record after a lunch break. Are you ready to proceed?

Q. Did you have a good lunch?

Q. Okay. Now, before the break, we were talking about some of the -- about some of the allegations and the --

Q. Mr. Terifay, before the break, we were talking about the Department of Justice press release and the guilty plea by Cephalon related to the off-label promotion of Actiq. Do you recall that?

Q. Okay. We also -- we had talked about the agreement, the risk management agreement related to Actiq and -- and the FDA and Cephalon and the duties and responsibilities that were contained therein. Do you recall that?

Q. Now, based on that, you had told, or Cephalon, I don't mean you specifically, but Cephalon had told the FDA that they would not promote Actiq to doctors for uses that were not indicated, including back pain, chronic pain, or any other type of pain not related to cancer, correct?

Q. Cephalon had also told the FDA that it would not be calling on or targeting doctors for promotion of Actiq, doctors other than who are oncologists, with knowledge and training about treating breakthrough cancer pain or pain specialists with knowledge or expertise related to treating breakthrough cancer pain, correct?

Q. And I want to talk to you now about that agreement related to the doctors specifically. As you'll recall from the risk management program for Actiq, there was a provision in there that we talked about specifically of the target audience. And I just want to hand you that. You can refer back to the -- the exhibit as well.

Q. But what we're showing currently is that provision which require -- which states that the target physician audience for Actiq is a group of approximately 5,000 oncologists and pain specialists, their nurses and office staff. Do you see that?

Q. You recall that I take it?

Q. I want to hand you what was marked as Exhibit 18, which was produced from the internal files of Teva and it is titled the 2005 Actiq Marketing Plan. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Now, your name is -- it's hard to read, this copy. This came from the internal files of Teva, but we couldn't get a better copy. But it says below individuals who were specific involved in -- or specifically involved in putting this together; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And your name obviously is on here as one of the contributors to this document, correct?

Q. Okay. I want to refer you now strike that. Before we we look at the specifics of this, I want the jury to understand what this is, if you can tell us.

Q. Okay. Now, these marketing plans that are put together, and as you said, it's with lots of different individuals from different divisions within the company. But does this set forth the overall marketing plan, strategies, tactics, messages for the Actiq product for that year, in other words this would be for 2005?

Q. Okay. So the -- the documents prepared in 2004, I guess at the latter part, but it's for the 2000 the upcoming year 2005, right?

Q. Okay. I'd like to refer you to -- specifically to Page 14 of this document. Now, okay, so I want to refer you to Section C, which is target audience analysis in this 2005 Actiq marketing plan. As of this time, Mr. Terifay, you had been at the company for a short period of time, correct?

Q. Okay. And, but you I'm sure new that Actiq had been on the market at this time for several years, correct?

Q. And I think the documents reflect, I'll represent to you, that Cephalon started marketing and promoting and selling Actiq sometime in 2001. Is that consistent with your memory?

Q. Now, we saw in the risk management program that there was an agreement with the FDA about who the target audience would be for Actiq. And I want to refer you to this plan that was put -- yeah, marketing plan that was put in place approximately four years later. It states, "Target audience defined. Actiq targets include oncologists, pain specialists, and selected physicians skilled in the use of opioids with the potential to treat cancer pain." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. Now, that's a little different than what the FDA was told. In other words, it looks like that's expanding the definition to not only oncologists and pain specialists, but to another group of physicians who have the potential to treat cancer." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. If you go to the next page -- actually, two pages over. As is often the case in these brand plans, or excuse me, marketing plans, there are pie charts that will define who the physicians are that are being targeted by Cephalon, correct?

Q. And you see above the -- immediately above the pie chart it states, "The Actiq target list targets" -- excuse me -- "totals 29,566 which equates to about 50 to 70 Actiq targets per year" -- or excuse me -- "per TSS." Is that a sales rep?

Q. Okay. It looks like from this 2005 marketing plan for Actiq, that the target list of doctors who are going to be targeted for promo -- or excuse me, for promotion and sales of Actiq, is 29,566 doctors correct?

Q. And if you look at the types of doctors that are being targeted by the company, it includes psychiatrists, anesthesia and pain doctors, oncologists, 63 percent of the targets are primary care physicians. And then neurologists as well. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And then below that it sets them out by Tier A and Tier B. I suspect that that has to do with whether or not they're writing high levels or high numbers of prescriptions or not. Is that true?

Q. The Tier A and Tier B. I was just asking you -- are they tiered, these target doctors, are they tiered based on the number of prescriptions that they -- they write?

Q. Okay. Let me --

Q. I'm going to hand you what's been marked as Exhibit 19.

Q. Exhibit 19, Mr. Terifay, is

Q. It's true, isn't it, that in 2001 Cephalon told the FDA when agreeing to the approval of Actiq and agreeing to the risk management program, that Cephalon would target a small group of doctors totaling, as you see, approximately 5,000 oncologists and pain specialists, their nurses and office staff. Do you see that?

Q. But yet internally in 2005, four years later, we know from internal documents that came from the company in this litigation, that in fact, by that time, they were targeting nearly 30,000 doctors, which is about a 600 percent increase in what they told the FDA, correct?

Q. Well, you saw the risk management plan, which is signed off on by the company, is filed, and it's a part of the approval process, correct?

Q. Okay. So it's pretty obvious, is it not, that the company has ignored what they told the FDA they would do with respect to how they would target physicians, correct?

Q. Well, you put together this plan, didn't you?

Q. Okay. Are you disputing though that Cephalon told the FDA in 2001 as part of the agreement related to the approval of Actiq that a small group of oncologists and pain specialists would be

Q. Okay. If in fact the company was targeting and calling on 29,566 doctors as of 2005, would you agree with me that that would be a violation of the risk management program put in place by the FDA with Cephalon?

Q. Now, the other thing that was promised to the FDA by Cephalon, was that the doctors called on would be oncologists and pain specialists, correct?

Q. Right. But in 2005, according to the plan for Actiq that was internal and put together by you and others in the marketing department, Cephalon had decided to expand and call on different specialties or more specialties than that, correct?

Q. You saw how it was defined in the risk management program, right?

Q. I understand. A pain -- one of the -- strike that. One of the entries here, 14 percent, was anesthesia and pain. Do you see that?

Q. And you know from your experience that anesthesia/pain includes pain specialists, correct?

Q. Primary care physicians, 63 percent of the prescriptions are to primary care physicians. That's like internal medicine doctors, correct?

Q. And others including like family practice doctors?

Q. Okay. That 63 percent. What is the 6 percent of other types of doctors?

Q. Name some other types of doctors that you were calling on as a company in the other section that you know of that aren't listed here?

Q. It says 6 percent of the 29,566 were targeted, correct?

Q. Okay. In fact, your company had decided that it was appropriate for it to call on doctors who were not treating cancer pain currently, but had the potential to in the future, correct?

Q. If, in fact, your company was calling on doctors who were not calling -- treating cancer pain, but you were calling on them to promote and sell Actiq, and they did not treat cancer, would you agree that that would be a violation of the risk management procedure and policy?

Q. Well, it does matter. And I think it probably matters to the jury, because you were one of the people that was involved in promoting this product, Actiq, and marketing this product. You're writing marketing plans. The D0J has said at this time that your company is involved in illegal off-label promotion, and we're looking at a document that you were involved in preparing that talks about a target audience of 29,000-plus doctors to sell Actiq, when in 2001 the FDA was told the audience would be 5,000 doctors. So I think your opinion does matter. Can you tell me --

Q. Well, it says, "This number equates to 50 to 70 Actiq targets per sales rep." Was that consistent with what sales reps were doing? Were they actually calling on 50 to 70 doctors each?

Q. But according to Cephalon policy, when a doctor is included in the target analysis, that means the company believes that doctor is fair game to be called on, correct?

Q. That's not my question. You know, as one of the marketing managers and directors, management of the company who was promoting Actiq and working on marketing plans, that if, in fact, a doctor's name was included in a target list, then that doctor was fair game to be called on by the sales force, correct?

Q. If you go back to page -- to 14 again, I want to ask you --

Q. We are on the same document.

Q. 14, please.

Q. If you see on the prior page, yes, if you go to target audience defined, it states again that the company's calling on doctors with the potential to treat cancer pain. Do you see that?

Q. And that was, in fact, Cephalon's policy, that it was allowing its sales force to call on doctors who not -- who weren't necessarily treating cancer at the time, but they had the potential to treat cancer in the future, cancer pain, I mean.

Q. Let me restate it. Would you agree with me, sir, that this statement was the policy at Cephalon, and that is that, as of 2005, Cephalon was allowing its sales force to call on doctors or target doctors for Actiq who had the potential to treat cancer pain, even though they might -- might not be treating cancer pain at that time.

Q. Okay. But this is the marketing plan that says that that's okay, correct?

Q. Go ahead.

Q. Okay. So -- so would you, based on what you know about having worked there and promoted Actiq, believe that it would have been appropriate for Cephalon to have its sales force calling on doctors who did not treat cancer pain or have the potential to treat cancer pain?

Q. Okay. BY MR CARTMELL:

Q. I'll hand you what's been marked as Exhibit 21. Exhibit 21 is an e-mail and attached article that was produced in this litigation from the Teva files. I just want to ask you a few questions about this.

Q. Just so it's clear, Mr. Terifay, on the article I'm only going to talk about the highlighted part of the second -- the bolded part on the second page. Mr. Terifay, on the first page of this e-mail string you'll see there's an e-mail from Michael Richardson to Cynthia Condodina who has been deposed in -- in this litigation. And she refers to Terry, who I'm assuming is you. I first want to talk to you about what's stated in this article that's attached. You'll see that there is a Wall Street Journal article attached dated November 21, 2006. Do you see that?

Q. And the article is titled Cephalon Used Improper Tactics to Sell Drug, Probe Finds. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And it talks about, it states, "From setting unrealistically high sales quotas to pushing larger prescriptions at higher doses, drugmaker Cephalon Inc. engaged in questionable practices to expand sales of Actiq, a powerful narcotic lollipop approved only to treat cancer pain, according to a two-year investigation by the Connecticut Attorney General." Do you see that?

Q. And were you aware that the Connecticut Attorney General along with the U.S. attorneys were investigating Cephalon for illegal off-label promotion of Actiq?

Q. Okay. Were you involved in any of those investigations as a witness?

Q. You were never interviewed by the Department of Justice U.S. attorneys or any of the states, attorneys for the states around the country who were suing Cephalon?

Q. If you go to the second page of the article, there's a highlighted portion of the article that was highlighted by Mr. Richardson. And it says, "According to internal company documents, Cephalon instructs its representatives to ask noncancer doctors; 'Do you have the potential to treat cancer pain?' Even if the answer is no,

Q. And you recall, I take it, that when you were marketing and promoting Actiq that, in fact, the sales force were instructed to bring coupons with them when they would call on doctors they were targeting?

Q. Okay. And those coupons would be given to physicians so that they could give their patients free Actiq, correct?

Q. And it's free?

Q. Okay. Let's look at the e-mail from Mr. Richardson to Cindy Condodina. And the subject is "Decision tree." It says, "Cynthia, I am attaching today's Wall Street Journal article. Do we still have a 'decision tree' as described? If not, when did we stop using it? Do you have a copy of the materials they are describing and our current ones? Terry gave me a copy of what appears to be the last one used for the last Actiq training course. It is labeled as Actiq." And in fact, do you presume that you are the Terry that Mr. Richardson is talking about?

Q. You presume is likely is? Were there other Terrys in the marketing department?

Q. Okay. At any rate, what it looks like is happening is Mr. Richardson, who ultimately became your boss, read this Wall Street Journal article about off-label promotion by Cephalon and specifically that doctors were being called on pursuant to a decision tree. And he was asking one of your contemporaries, actually who reported to you, Cynthia Condodina, if he could get a copy of that decision tree, correct?

Q. And then up above Ms. Condodina states on November 28, 2006, "Michael, is this attachment the same thing Terry gave you? The PCS" -- and that would be the sales force, correct?

Q. Okay. "The PCS would have implemented this algorithm throughout Actiq lifestyle ." Do you see that?

Q. I'm sorry.

Q. Let me restate it. And then up above it states, "The PCS would have implemented this algorithm throughout the Actiq lifecycle." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And then attached to the e-mail is in fact the document that Ms. Condodina is referring to. It is a five or six-page document that has algorithms on the last couple pages, or three pages, correct?

Q. If you go to the second to the last page of that algorithm. I want to ask you about that. And I want to go through this algorithm. You tell me if I'm wrong. I went through this with Ms. Condodina. At the top it states, "Actiq prescribers . Open the call with the following question: Do you have the potential to treat patients with cancer pain?" Now, you know from your experience at launch meetings and marketing meetings, marketing and sales meetings together, those sorts of things, that the sales force for Cephalon when they would go meet with doctors was instructed to ask the question, "Do you have the potential to treat patients with cancer pain?" Correct?

Q. But my question was a little bit different than that.

Q. You recall that they were instructed to tell the sales force to start the sales call with a question, "Do you have the potential to treat patients with cancer pain?"

Q. So is the answer that you don't recall?

Q. Okay. And then according to this algorithm, if you went right, there is a statement, "Physician says" -- "or responds, 'no.'" Do you see that?

Q. So that, would you agree, means that once the question is asked by the sales rep, do you have the potential to treat patients with cancer, at that point you go, physician responds no, meaning the patient -- the physician does not have the potential to treat cancer, correct?

Q. Okay. And then there are a couple options. One is, if you go to the arrow to the left, it's, "Do not promote by inviting physician to MEPs, consulting meetings." Do you see that?

Q. That's referring to -- lots of times the sales reps would invite certain targeted doctors to consulting meetings to attend medical education about the products, correct?

Q. And then Number 2, "No lunch and learn." And that's basically saying when a doctor tells you that he does not have the potential to treat patients with cancer pain, you don't buy them lunch, right?

Q. Well, do you recall from being there that a lot of times the sales reps would take lunch with them to the doctor and buy them a free lunch so they can sit down with them and go through the materials related to the product?

Q. I gotcha. At any rate, if you go to the arrow to the right it states, "Support by provide Actiq safety and efficacy info, provide coupons and welcome kits, limit calls to 12 times per year." Do you see that?

Q. So according to this algorithm, the same algorithm that apparently was commented on by the Wall Street Journal related to off-label promotion, and according to Cynthia Condodina in her e-mail saying this was the algorithm used throughout the Actiq lifecycle, Cephalon was sending sales reps to doctors to promote or sell Actiq. And even if the doctor said they did not have potential to treat cancer pain, they would provide those doctors with coupons and welcome kits related to Actiq, correct?

Q. I'm just saying, that's what this algorithm says, correct?

Q. Including coupons for free Actiq when the doctor said they don't even have the potential to treat cancer, correct?

Q. Then it states also that these sales representatives from Cephalon can continue to call on this doctor who has said he or she does not have the potential to treat cancer pain, they can go back to the office up to 12 times in a year, correct?

Q. And this is what is being referred to in The Wall Street Journal article, correct?

Q. Let's review it. It says, specifically that, "According to internal company documents" -- and this algorithm is an internal company document, correct? It was produced in this litigation, right?

Q. -- "Cephalon instructs its representatives to ask noncancer doctors, 'Do you have the potential to treat cancer pain?'" That's exactly what this algorithm says, correct?

Q. Wall Street Journal says, "Even if the answer is no, a decision tree instructs the representative to give the doctors free Actiq coupons that they can pass on to patients. That's exactly what this algorithm says, they give coupons for Actiq, even if the doctor says they don't treat cancer, correct?

Q. Would you agree with me that this algorithm, if it was in use and sales force was in fact doing what is stated in this algorithm as Ms. Condodina says, throughout the lifecycle of Actiq, that that would be improper, off-label promotion of Actiq?

Q. I understand, sir. And I'm not trying to be difficult. But if you would do me this. Based on your experience of 22 years in the industry, and your experience selling and promoting and marketing opioid medications, and your understanding of Actiq, because being involved with the RiskMAP for Fentora and the risk management plan for Actiq, if in fact sales representatives were following this algorithm that's stated here, would you agree with me that that would be inappropriate?

Q. Do you remember, sir, that the risk management program for Actiq said that Cephalon would only call on doctors who were treating noncancer pain and had expertise in doing that?

Q. Let me strike it and restate it. Would you agree with me, sir, that the risk management program document that Cephalon agreed to stated specifically -- and we can go back to it -- that Cephalon would only call on doctors who were treating cancer pain, breakthrough cancer pain, and had knowledge and expertise in doing so?

Q. But you were in the marketing department that told the sales force what the messages were supposed to be and developed the strategies and tactics for the promotion and marketing of Actiq, correct?

Q. Okay. But I think you spoke, in fairness, earlier, that all you could speak to was what you were doing and not the others, correct?

Q. Okay. This algorithm was not ever preapproved by the FDA, correct?

Q. And -- and you are indicated on the e-mail as having given that to Mr. Richardson, correct?

Q. Go ahead.

Q. Okay. Refer back to Exhibit 1499, sir.

Q. This is the Fentora strategic marketing plan from 2007 that was in your file. And I think you said that you may have contributed to putting together, correct?

Q. Okay. And if you wouldn't mind, go to Page 13, please. The slide on 13 in 2007 that's prepared by the marketing department at Cephalon talks about chronic pain market and that it has significant potential due to high prevalence. Do you see that?

Q. This chart put together by Cephalon includes the market for cancer pain, back pain, arthritic pain, neuropathic pain, and headache pain. Do you see that?

Q. What does it mean when it talks about the market for those conditions?

Q. So if you look at, let's say what this drug Actiq or Fentora both were indicated for, and the intended use for, which of these conditions was Actiq intended for?

Q. So look at -- let's look at the market potential for cancer pain. Is that the one on the far left?

Q. That's less than 2 million patients, far less than 2 million patients, correct?

Q. And back pain, the market for back pain patients, the market for arthritis, the markets for neuropathic pain, the markets for headache pain, are all considerably larger than the cancer pain market, correct?

Q. Can you -- can you answer my question first?

Q. Let me restate it, just for the record if you will.

Q. If you look at the size of the market potential for each of these conditions, cancer pain, that market is considerably less than the markets for back pain, arthritis pain, neuropathic pain or headache, correct?

Q. In this in this document, you're -- you're stating that the cancer pain market is not less than the others?

Q. First of all, are you saying that to the jury?

Q. Go ahead.

Q. But --

Q. No. This is referring to lots of things. The prevalence of the condition, correct?

Q. The prevalence of each condition, correct?

Q. The prevalence of cancer pain is down here on the left. The little tiny one on the left that's red, correct?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. You see the prevalence of back pain?

Q. Which one is that?

Q. Okay. And it's the tall, the tallest one under back pain, correct?

Q. The prevalence of the

Q. Okay. And then arthritic pain is even higher, it's almost to 12 million patients who have arthritis, correct?

Q. For neuropathic pain, the prevalence of that is almost 10 million patients who have neuropathic pain, correct?

Q. The prevalence of people or patients who have headaches is over 10 million people, correct?

Q. The number of cancer patients, the prevalence of that is, looks like probably less than a million people, right?

Q. Okay. So if you take the whole market of potential patients who are treated with opioids or other pain medicine, back pain, arthritis pain, neuropathic pain, headache pain, the potential market for those are, in some situations, over ten times what they are for cancer, correct?

Q. I understand. I may have misunderstood you. But my point is simply this: Cephalon was interested in expanding the indication and treating noncancer pain patients, correct?

Q. Correct? Is -- is that yes or no, correct?

Q. And they were interested in doing that, in part, because the potential markets for those conditions, the prevalence, the number of patients that they could sell their drugs to was so much greater, correct?

Q. And if you go to the next slide, sir, it talks about specifically what conditions Actiq was being treated for. Do you see that?

Q. This is Actiq. And 8 percent of the treatments for Actiq, with Actiq, were for cancer pain which was the FDA approved indication, correct?

Q. 92 percent of the prescriptions or 9 out of 10 people that were getting Actiq from your company did not have cancer pain that was being treated with Actiq, correct?

Q. That's 9 out of 10 off-label prescriptions, correct?

Q. That's a huge off-label prescription problem, isn't it?

Q. You don't think nine out of ten patients receiving your medication, Actiq, for indications that were not approved by the FDA, when your company told the FDA that it should only be used and intended to be used for cancer, is a huge problem?

Q. Did Cephalon report to the FDA that there was a nine out of ten patient off-label prescription problem? Do you know?

Q. For Fentora, correct, not for Actiq, or do you know?

Q. Okay. Turn to Slide 45, please. This is a chart reflecting the growth in dollars sales of Actiq throughout its lifecycle, correct?

Q. When Cephalon took over the drug and started selling it, it had been making 16 million a year, correct?

Q. Do you see 2000?

Q. When Cephalon took it over and started targeting doctors outside including outside doctors, not oncologists and pain specialists, it grew from $16 million to $55 million the next year to $133 million the next year, to $254 million the next year, to $265 million the next we are, to $448 million the next year. Do you see that?

Q. And 90 percent, according to your own documents, of that $448 million in sales, 90 percent of that was from off-label prescriptions, for indications like back pain and chronic pain and arthritis and conditions that were never approved for use by the FDA, correct?

Q. And if you turn to Page 60, please. In your marketing plan it states your strategy formation is what we should be. This is for Fentora. "The optimal solution for breakthrough pain. Effervescent speed." It's one of your messages. And it states, "Promote noncancer data." Do you see that?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Now, it's true, sir, that until the time you left in 2009, Fentora's off-label rate continued to be approximately 90 percent of the patients were not being treated for cancer pain, correct?

Q. Little higher than 90 percent that was --

Q. At any rate, things didn't really change as far as the off-label prescriptions being written by the doctors, at least not dramatically, correct?

Q. I'll hand you what's been marked as Exhibit 20. I'll catch up on 20. I only have two of these because they are enormous. Mr. Terifay, this is a document that was produced. It comes from your file. It is an accumulation of FDA documents related to the advisory committee in 2008. And I'm just going to ask you questions about the first two pages. If you go to the second page, actually, this is a memorandum dated April 26, 2008, from the director, Bob Rappaport at the division of anesthesia, analgesia, and rheumatology products? Do you see that?

Q. To put this in perspective for the jury, as you said, Cephalon actually made application to the FDA and asked FDA to expand the indication of the use of Fentora to be used for patients who had chronic pain like back pain and arthritis and things like that, correct?

Q. They wanted to actually sell the drug as we just saw to the market share which was much larger potentially in back pain and arthritis pain and neuropathic pain, correct?

Q. Okay. But I'm not talking about just those treated with opioids, because the goal was to try to get more people treated with opioids, correct?

Q. Right. But all I'm saying is that when you were looking for the expanded indication, one of the things that you were looking to do was be able to have a larger group of doctors and a larger number of prescriptions for Fentora written because now you would be legally able to prescribe for back pain, or doctors would be able to prescribe for back pain and arthritis and other things like that. Fair enough?

Q. You don't think if you could write for back pain, Fentora, that it wasn't just limited for cancer pain, that you could have sold more Fentora?

Q. Okay. Just to be clear for the jury and to be very precise, I want to be clear. Your testimony is that the potential for revenues related to the prescription of Fentora was the same or nearly the same for the cancer market and the noncancer market. Is that what you're saying?

Q. That's not my question.

Q. You're saying that the markets are approximately the same size?

Q. Okay. I understand that you think that's the size. Of those 3 million, do you think that it would be equally weighted between cancer and noncancer patients?

Q. There would be many, many more noncancer patients than cancer patients, correct, in that 3 million?

Q. And the FDA responded to your application, correct?

Q. Right. And the FDA stated just like they had in 2001 with Actiq and just like they had in 2006 with Fentora, that they had substantial concerns about the misuse, abuse, addiction, and diversion of Fentora, correct?

Q. That's not my question.

Q. The FDA said in response to your application for an expanded label, just like it had said in 2001 with Actiq and 2006 with Fentora, that it was very concerned about misuse, abuse, diversion, and addiction of Fentora, correct?

Q. Let's look at the --

Q. That's fine. Let's -- let's look at what the FDA said in April 2008 while you were there. "Fentora was approved in 2006 for the treatment of breakthrough pain in patients with cancer who are already treated with around-the-clock opioids." If you skip a little bit, a few sentences, it says, "Because approval of these products represented availability of fentanyl without the necessity of intravenous access, FDA had numerous discussions with the sponsors during the development of the products to address our concerns regarding the potential for abuse, and misuse, and for the potential for accidental exposure with these formulations." That's what we were just discussing, correct?

Q. "In order to prevent abuse and misuse and accidental exposure to Actiq and Fentora, particularly by children, rigorous risk management programs were included as part of the approval of the products." We talked about that, did we not?

Q. "These risk management plans were designed to limit the prescribing of these products to opioid tolerant patients with breakthrough pain from cancer with the intent that this would limit the overall prescribing of the medication." Do you see that?

Q. And if we refer back to your e-mail previously in the case at Exhibit -- Exhibit 12, we know that's the e-mail where you said, "The bottom line is, as we all know," in the last sentence of the bottom e-mail -- "greater availability of a drug directly correlates to abuse and diversion." Do you see that?

Q. And that's what the FDA is talking about right here. They wanted to limit the availability of Actiq and Fentora so they could try to limit the amount of abuse and diversion, correct?

Q. "However, off-label prescribing has unfortunately been widely practiced. In the short time that Fentora has been on the market and despite a limited indication for cancer patients, we have received numerous reports of serious adverse events related to the product, including deaths in patients, prescribing to nonopioid tolerant patients, misunderstanding of dosing instructions and inappropriate substitution of Fentora for Actiq by pharmacists and prescribers. "The agency issued a Public Health Advisory regarding Fentora last September." And that's true, correct, they did that?

Q. "Additionally we worked with the sponsor," meaning Cephalon, "to make

Q. Right. There were conversations about pulling the product from the market though, weren't there?

Q. If you go to the middle of the next paragraph, I want to focus on where it says we are concerned. "We are concerned that the sponsor's request to expand the current indication for Fentora to opioid tolerant patients with breakthrough pain who do not have cancer may greatly increase the prescribing of this product." Now, you were just saying you didn't think it would increase the prescribing of the product, weren't you?

Q. Well, the FDA is saying that "expanding the indication may greatly increase the prescribing of this product which may increase the availability of the product for diversion, abuse, and misuse and increase the incidence of accidental exposures, which, due to the potency of this product, could potentially have devastating effects." Do you see that?

Q. "In this time of increasing abuse of prescription opioid products, it is important to address this potential and to find effective risk mitigation strategies to intervene before it manifests as a public health crisis." Do you see that?

Q. The FDA did not believe, that your company, Cephalon, during the time that you were there, was doing an adequate job in effectively managing the risk related to Fentora, correct?

Q. Go ahead.

Q. Sir, you know from your experience that there were a lot of patients and a lot of doctors who would not prescribe Actiq or Fentora because it was off-label, correct?

Q. There were you don't recall that?

Q. Okay. I'll -- okay. If there, in fact, were a lot of doctors and

Q. Did you ever investigate how many doctors or patients were unwilling to take Actiq or Fentora because it was off-label?

Q. Go ahead.

Q. Turn if you would to the last three Bates, 415.

Q. Yes, sir.

Q. No, I'm sorry. No, 415. You're right. Are you there, sir?

Q. This is a part of the actual advisory committee documents. And, in fact, you may recall that the FDA put together a committee to review Cephalon's compliance with the Fentora risk minimization action plan. Do you recall that?

Q. Okay. If you skip ahead three pages and you go to the executive summary. I want to ask you a few questions about that. Now, this committee --

Q. I'm just going to ask you -- ask you about the first page.

Q. Yeah. The first page of the executive summary.

Q. It states in the second paragraph, "A RiskMAP was approved at the time of the initial FDA approval of Fentora as an important part of its postmarketing risk management to minimize the use of Fentora by opioid nontolerant individuals, minimize misuse of Fentora, and minimize unintended exposure to Fentora." Do you see that?

Q. The implementation, if you go down a couple sentences. "The implementation of the RiskMAP" -- let me start over. "Despite the implementation of the RiskMAP, there has been the need for stronger labeling with an emphasis on key safety information and enhanced drug communication efforts in the form of "Dear Doctor" and "Dear Healthcare Professional" letters, Public Health Advisory, and healthcare information sheet, because postmarketing data continues to trend away from safe use of the product, particularly in patients who are being treated with Fentora outside the limited labeled indication." Do you see that?

Q. And did you agree with that in 2008, that you were continuing to see

Q. It then states, "Fentora use has increased more than fivefold since the initial first quarter launch in September 2006 with most use occurring off-label in noncancer pain indications and a significant amount of use occurring in opioid nontolerant individuals." Do you see that?

Q. I've seen from the documents that there was as much as 30 percent of the patients who were taking your drug, your company's drug, Fentora, were not opioid tolerant. Did you know that?

Q. "In year 2007, approximately 59 percent of patients who filled a prescription for Fentora were on concurrent therapy with a product from the pain market." And if you skip a sentence, it states, "The majority of these adverse events occurred when patients were being treated for off-label uses of Fentora, such as back pain, chronic noncancer pain and migraines." Do you see that?

Q. And the last paragraph, "Based on our review of the postmarketing experience with Fentora, we do not believe that the RiskMAP has been effective in minimizing the risks that it was developed and implemented to minimize. Cephalon states in their approved RiskMAP, that, 'Interventions will be instituted as warranted as follow-up to surveillance and monitoring activities.' But they have never submitted information that interventions and/or adjustments were proactively considered or instituted to address RiskMAP goal failures." Do you see that?

Q. That's true, right? Cephalon was given duties and responsibilities for the RiskMAP of Fentora as part of the approval of it, and they failed to submit the information they promised the FDA they would?

Q. You just don't know?

Q. So when you previously stated that you were submitting information to the FDA in accordance with the RiskMAP, the truth is you don't know whether or not that information was accurately being done in accordance with that program, correct?

Q. Okay. And then it states, "In particular, the failure of the RiskMAP Goal Number 1, that Fentora should be used only by opioid-tolerant patients with cancer, a goal that has consistently failed since the launch of Fentora." Do you see that?

Q. And Cephalon told the FDA with the Fentora RiskMAP that the number one goal was going to be to try to ensure that the only patients receiving Fentora were patients with cancer, correct?

Q. Is that correct?

Q. And the FDA found in 2008, after the product had been on the market for almost two years, that Cephalon had failed with respect to that goal, correct?

Q. "Instead, Cephalon use is, in a large extent, product off-label use which reflects the failure of RiskMAP goal number one to justify the proposed expanded indication for Fentora." Do you see that?

Q. So there was a committee put together by the FDA to look specifically at whether or not Cephalon was meeting its obligations pursuant to the Fentora RiskMAP and that committee of experts put together by the FDA said that Cephalon had failed with respect to the goals of the risk mitigation program, and that they do not believe the expansion of the label should be granted, correct?

Q. Well, and you know, I'm sure, that when the committee voted on Cephalon's application to try to expand into back pain and chronic pain for Fentora, the committee voted overwhelmingly not to allow it, correct?

Q. I'll represent to you that it was 17 against, and three in favor. Does that refresh your recollection?

Q. Let me ask you this. The off-label use with Fentora and Actiq, which was, as we discussed, somewhere around nine out of ten patients or eight out of ten patients who would take Actiq and Fentora, these highly potent opioids, do you believe that that off-label -- extensive off-label use made the use of the drug more widespread throughout America?

Q. Or do you know?

Q. Did you ever tell anyone at Cephalon in management that, you know, maybe the company should do more to try to meet its obligations that were in the risk management program or the RiskMAP, and maybe try to make sure, do some more things to ensure that there wasn't so much off-label prescription?

Q. Did you ever -- did you ever say that to anybody?

Q. Do you think the widespread off-label use of Fentora and Actiq, very potent medications that were subject to abuse and misuse and diversion could have contributed to this healthcare crisis, opioid crisis we're in?

Q. Have you ever done any investigation to try to determine that?

Q. Do you think if Cephalon had maintained its obligation to just call on the limited doctors that were oncologists, the 5,000 oncologists and pain specialists that it told the FDA it would have for Actiq, that that might have prevented, in some way, some overdoses and deaths related to Actiq?

Q. Did you ever do any investigation to determine how many people overdosed and died from taking Actiq or Fentora?

Q. Have you ever seen in Wall Street Journal articles or other articles that they were credit with 127 deaths? That's just the ones that were reported.

Q. Did you ever do any investigation to determine how many patients became addicted to Actiq or Fentora due to the widespread use?

Q. You left Cephalon in 2009; is that correct?

Q. The FDA said after the advisory committee and after the FDA denied your actual expanded indication for Fentora, that the company needed to enter into what's called a REMS; is that correct?

Q. And now, today, all fentanyl-based opioids have to have a TIRF REMS, correct?

Q. But the REMS that Cephalon was talking about with the FDA as early as 2008, that never went into place while you were at the company, did it?

Q. And never changed from the RiskMAP that the FDA had said failed, correct?

Q. While you were there?

Q. Okay. Well, there were negotiations going on, were there not, between the FDA and your company about what the REMS would look like, correct?

Q. And you know from your experience that there were negotiations on the REMS that went for a period of time, and in fact, that negotiation went on between Cephalon and the company, I believe, until 2012, correct?

Q. Okay Did you continue to work with opioids after you left the company?

Q. Yes, sir.

Q. Okay. And you went to Mallinckrodt, is that correct, after not directly after?

Q. They're another large pharmaceutical company worth billions of dollars that has sold generic and branded opioids, correct?
