Witness:  Tiffany Kilper
Attorney: MS. Gaffney
Source:   MNKOI0004560979
============================================================

Q. Good morning, Ms. Rowley-Kilper. Could you please state and spell your full name for the record?

Q. Okay, great. And Ms. Kilper, you understand you're under oath today?

Q. Are you taking any medication or is there any reason that would prevent you from answering every question truthfully today?

Q. Have you ever been deposed before?

Q. So just a few ground rules, mostly so we can help the court reporter. We don't want tc talk over each other. He'll be recording every word that we say, so for the sake of having a clear record we don't want to speak at the same time. So if you wait for me to finish asking a question before answering, I will wait for you to finish answering before asking another question.

Q. And then when you answer a question, you need to answer it verbally rather than uh-huh or nodding, shaking head.

Q. If I ask a question that you don't understand, please let me know. I'll try to rephrase it. Okay. Are you represented by counsel today?

Q. And who are they?

Q. Okay. Great. And are you paying them for representing you here today?

Q. And to your knowledge, is Mallinckrodt paying them for representing you here today?

Q. So the first exhibit is the deposition notice. Here you go. It's been marked as Exhibit 1. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-001 marked for identification.]

Q. Have you seen this before?

Q. When did you first see it?

Q. Got it. If you just flip through, Schedule A defines the documents that you need to bring, and then after the definitions -- the documents to be produced, and the last page, Request For Production Number 2, asks for all documents, including electronic data and e-mail, in your possession related in any way to any defendants, manufacturer, marketing, sale, distribution, suspicious order monitoring, and lobbying efforts in connection with its opioid business. Have you searched through your personal documents and provided them to counsel?

Q. And were there any documents in your own possession that were responsive?

Q. Okay. Great. When you were at Mallinckrodt, did you use your personal e-mail for Mallinckrodt business ever?

Q. How about text messages? Did you ever text for Mallinckrodt business?

Q. What did you do to prepare for your deposition today?

Q. How many times?

Q. And did you review any documents?

Q. What categories of documents did you review?

Q. And other with your -- other than with your attorneys, did you speak to anyone else about your deposition today?

Q. No former colleagues, friends?

Q. Are you related to Jeff Kilper, who was deposed earlier this week?

Q. Did you speak to him about your deposition?

Q. What did you talk to him about?

Q. Let's see. Are you being reimbursed at all for your time here today?

Q. All right. Thank you for being here. When did you start working at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And what were your responsibilities when you started in 1999?

Q. I'll hand you what's been marked as Exhibit 2. And this will help a little bit with the memory test. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-002 marked for identification.]

Q. An early r?sum?, and for the record this is Bates number ending in 8005925. So you mentioned your responsibilities when you first started in a temporary position. Can you walk me through how your responsibilities evolved over your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Yeah, so how is that -- a senior contract administrator different from the distributor deduction analyst position?

Q. Got it. Okay. Thank you.

Q. And after that 2004-2005 time period, did you stay in contract administration?

Q. Where did you go to after that within Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Great. This is what's been marked Exhibit 3. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-003 marked for identification.]

Q. For the record, this is Bates-numbered ending in 8005956. This is a performance evaluation from October 2002. I have a question about just one part of it. On Page 4, in the box that says expected result, it says become more exposed to the chargeback group and their importance and functions in the department. Can you explain that to me, please?

Q. The top one?

Q. And how do they correlate together?

Q. And then the result here -- during a special project given to the entire contract administration department, Tiffany was responsible for sitting with each member of the chargeback department to better understand that side of the business. So when it says that you were responsible for sitting with each member of the chargeback department -- and I know this is going back tc 2002, but do you remember doing that?

Q. Just generally speaking, in terms of how the departments were organized, this refers to the chargeback department and the contract administration department. Were those connected within the same business unit, or were they -- how was it organized at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Thank you. Here's what's been marked as Exhibit 4. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-004 marked for identification.]

Q. Bates number ending in 8005909, and this appears to be a letter from the HR department stating that you were an employee of Covidien, formerly known as Tyco Health Care, from March 21st, 2001, tc February 5th, 2011. Do those dates seem accurate to you?

Q. And just to clarify for the record, because there are documents that refer to Covidien as well as Mallinckrodt, understanding that legally those are separate entities, but when I refer to Mallinckrodt today, for purposes of today's deposition, can we have an understanding that Covidien and Mallinckrodt are the same?

Q. Why did you leave Mallinckrodt in 2011?

Q. And are you currently working?

Q. Where do you work now?

Q. So I have some general questions. What is

Q. Is this a practice that's widespread throughout the pharmaceutical industry to your knowledge?

Q. And to your knowledge, is it applied to both brand-name pharmaceutical products as well as generics?

Q. And when we talk about chargeback data, what does that data consist of?

Q. Right. In your experience working at Mallinckrodt.

Q. And when you say the DEA registrant that the product was shipped to, would that also be referred to as the downstream customer or the indirect customer?

Q. Either of those two?

Q. What's your understanding of how Mallinckrodt uses chargeback data?

Q. So with respect to pharmaceutical products, do you know what diversion refers to?

Q. What is that guess?

Q. That's fine. How about the term suspicious order? Are you familiar with that term?

Q. What is a suspicious order?

Q. That's fair.

Q. How about the term peculiar order? Are you familiar with that term?

Q. And is it your understanding that chargeback data can be used in connection with suspicious order monitoring?

Q. Start with that it can be?

Q. So in your recollection, did Mallinckrodt ever use chargeback data in connection with suspicious order monitoring?

Q. Another general question. Are ycu familiar with the term pill mill?

Q. What's your understanding of what that means?

Q. And in your opinion, is it important for Mallinckrodt to try to prevent its product from going to pill mills?

Q. Do you have any understanding of how Mallinckrodt would try to do that if it would try to do that?

Q. I'm going to hand you what's been marked as Exhibit 5. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-005 marked for identification.]

Q. So this is an e-mail forward from Sue Werder dated November 6th, 2006, with the subject October monthly report. And I just have a few questions about the attachment, but first, what was Sue Werder's position at Mallinckrodt at the time of this e-mail, if you remember?

Q. And if you look at this e-mail, it looks like she has forwarded an e-mail that she first sent to Vince Kalman at Mallinckrodt. Do you remember what his role was at Mallinckrodt at that time?

Q. One more question on this e-mail. She forwards it to a group that includes you. If you can take a minute to look over the other names in that group. Can you tell me if those people were from primarily one department at Mallinckrodt, or from -- were they from different departments?

Q. Oh, I'm sorry. Back at the cover e-mail.

Q. Okay. So now going on the PowerPoint, GM Initiative Number 8. This PowerPoint that -- the title of the file is gross margin initiatives. Can you tell me what gross margin initiatives refers to?

Q. Okay. And then this -- on the Number 8 page, the initiative is reduce financial risks associated with gray market activity. What does gray market activity refer to?

Q. And then next to that under description, it says refine business process and controls relating to chargebacks. How does that description relate to the initiative of reducing financial risks associated with gray market activity?

Q. Okay. That's fair. I know it has been a long time. And according to this slide, you were the business lead for this subcommittee. Is that correct?

Q. If you read through the objective and the tactical plan items listed on this slide, does that refresh your recollection of what this project involved?

Q. On the third box under tactical plan, it says completion of customer segmentation project to ensure 100 percent validation of legitimate end customers for chargeback processing. Were there customers in Mallinckrodt's supply chain that were not legitimate end customers, to your knowledge?

Q. Sure. Were there customers in Mallinckrodt's supply chain that were not legitimate end customers to your knowledge?

Q. That makes sense. Thank you. Ycu mentioned the segmentation of distributor-to-distributor sales?

Q. So that type of transaction would not receive a chargeback?

Q. And why is that?

Q. Uh-huh. Okay. And you said the system would automatically kick out those types of transactions; is that correct?

Q. Were there other segmentations that the chargeback system would also exclude?

Q. This is what's been marked as Exhibit 6, and Bates number 7127583. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-006 marked for identification.]

Q. Exhibit 6 is from a PowerPoint presentation. The title of this presentation is sales and marketing operations, new hire orientation. It was quite a long PowerPoint deck, so I didn't print the whole thing. Just one section of it on chargebacks and tracings. Are you familiar with the term tracing?

Q. Can you tell me what you recall what that means in the context of your work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. And this looks like an organization chart for the chargeback department, and you're not in here; correct?

Q. So as you were explaining before, the chargeback department was separate from your contract administration department; correct?

Q. Were both of those departments within the sales and marketing operations diversion?

Q. So just going through these slides, there's one called chargebacks and tracings interaction chart. So under distributors, there's three --

Q. Okay. So under distributors in the third bullet point, it says communicate discrepancies between what the distributor reported and what is in Partner. Do you remember what Partner refers to here?

Q. And does that mean that it's a database? What does it mean -- the pricing system?

Q. And then how about under information services it says EDI 844, 849, and 867. Can you explain what that refers to?

Q. No problem. And it says partner support there as well. Do you know what that would refer to?

Q. Got it. And CDIG. I think I saw in another document that that's the customer data integrity group. Correct?

Q. It says set up new indirect customers. Would Mallinckrodt set up an account for its indirect customers?

Q. Okay. And CDIG would be the group that would enter that information into the system?

Q. And do you know which system the indirect customer information is entered into? Would that have been Partner as well?

Q. I'm sorry. I've got one more question about the slideshow.

Q. There's a slide -- I know they're not numbered, but it says chargebacks and tracing services. Got it?

Q. So under distributor reporting administrators process chargebacks, it says ensure the data is accurate by validating with help of Partner, and it lists unit of measure, item codes, pricing, customer names, addresses, and DEA numbers. Does this refer to what we were talking about earlier as chargeback data?

Q. So the chargeback data is contained in Partner?

Q. That does make sense.

Q. And I'm not an IT person either --

Q. -- so I'm going to be asking lots of questions trying to figure out the database without really knowing the right terminology. So let me ask it this way. I've seen in the documents -- and let me know if this is accurate -- that you would at times run chargeback reports; is that correct?

Q. When you would run a chargeback report, would you run it through Partner?

Q. So if I understand correctly, Cognos would be able to import the pricing data from Partner?

Q. Is that correct?

Q. All right. All done with that. Thank you.

Q. Okay. What's been marked as Exhibit 7 has

Q. I'll give you a moment to flip through this slideshow. There's some overlap with what we were just looking at.

Q. And then a few slides that are different that I wanted to ask about.

Q. Yeah. No, you don't need to read the entire thing.

Q. There are some slides that appear to be screenshots from a database. So the first one, I think, is setting up customer cross-ref in Partner. And then from there a few slides later is one that says chargeback transaction in Partner.

Q. Okay. So just to try to understand how the databases worked -- this is -- is this what the -- essentially what the screen looked like when you worked in Partner?

Q. And you used Partner to enter the pricing data. Let me back up. Strike that. Can you just walk me through how you would use the Partner system?

Q. Okay. So Partner was the pricing system; is that correct?

Q. Was there an additional customer database that Mallinckrodt used?

Q. And which department would primarily work with the J.D. Edwards system?

Q. And then Cognos was not so much cf a database but rather a report-generating tool; is that correct?

Q. Okay. Okay. So just in terms of the way that you used these systems -- I'll give you an example. If you were sent an article saying that a pharmacy had been raided by the DEA and asked to find out how much Mallinckrodt product went to that pharmacy, how would you go about doing that?

Q. Okay. And understanding that that is all the data that you had access to, if you wanted to generate a report of that data, how would you do that?

Q. It does.

Q. Thank you. Are you aware of how Mallinckrodt kept track of suspicious or peculiar orders?

Q. Just another example. If you were asked to create a report showing all of the pharmacies for which one distributor had requested chargeback payments, how would you go about doing that?

Q. One distributor -- all of its pharmacy customers for which it had requested chargeback payments?

Q. When you say the data getting down to the distributor's customer was massive, what do ycu mean by massive?

Q. Understanding that there's a lot of data there, would you still be able to use those programs to generate a report showing all of the indirect customer transactions for which a certain distributor had requested chargeback payments?

Q. Okay. Here's what's been marked as Exhibit 8. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-008 marked for identification.]

Q. For the record, the Bates number ends in 457681. It is an e-mail dated February 6th, 2008, to you from Victor Borelli with an attachment. Do you remember working with Victor Borelli?

Q. And it appears that he is forwarding you an e-mail from Chrissy Madden of Master's Pharmaceuticals that attaches a letter from Master's and a due diligence report regarding Sunrise Wholesale. I'll give you a minute to -- oh, wait. I didn't give you an attachment. Hold on. [Discussion off the record.]

Q. Okay, Ms. Kilper. Welcome back from the break. We've fixed the exhibit issue. So now you have what's been marked Exhibit 9, which is the same e-mail we were just talking about but this time with the attachment. So I'll give you a moment just tc look at the attachment. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-009 marked for identification.]

Q. Okay. And you said before the break that you did recall working with Mr. Borelli. He was a national account manager; correct?

Q. How would you interact with him in your role in the contract administration department?

Q. Looking over this e-mail and the attachment, do you remember why Victor Borelli would have been sending you the due diligence report that Master's did with respect to Sunrise?

Q. So this is in February 2008, and he says here's the due diligence report that Master's did a few months ago. Let's talk when you get a chance. I just left you a voicemail on this. You don't remember -- well, you just said you don't remember receiving this. You don't remember discussing this with Mr. Bcrelli either?

Q. Would you -- would the national account managers typically send you due diligence reports on indirect customers in your interactions with them?

Q. Can you think of any reason that this related to your work at this time in 2008?

Q. Ms. Kilper, were you ever involved in suspicious order monitoring efforts at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. So a three-month period. Approximately when did that start?

Q. So it would have been end of 2010, beginning of 2011?

Q. And what was your role at Mallinckrodt at that time right before you resigned from the company?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. And how were you involved in suspicious order monitoring for those few months in your role as trade relations manager?

Q. Do you know who took your place after you left Mallinckrodt in 2011?

Q. You said you remember that Jim Rausch transitioned the peculiar order or suspicious order report to you just a few months before you left. Do you remember why Mallinckrodt -- or Jim Rausch transitioned that report to you?

Q. I want to go back to something you were saying earlier. You said that a sales tracing, to the best of your recollection, is a transaction indicating where the product was sold even when there wasn't a chargeback to be paid; is that correct?

Q. Okay. But to the best of your recollection here today, a tracing would provide a way to identify an indirect customer even in the absence of

Q. That's fine.

Q. Do you know who at Mallinckrodt would have been responsible for sales tracings?

Q. Do you know which department or group that would have fallen under?

Q. Were you involved in consideration of a pilot project by an entity called IntegriChain?

Q. Let me give you a couple documents that may help refresh your recollection on that. So this is what's been marked Exhibit 10. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-010 marked for identification.]

Q. And for the record, it's Bates number ending in 387970, and this is an e-mail from Kimberly France to Karen Harper dated April 9th, 2008, and I've just included one of the attachments, which is IntegriChain project history. Your name starts to show up in the column of meeting invitees in December of 2007. Does this document refresh your recollection of IntegriChain at all?

Q. Do you remember who Kimberly France was in terms of what her role was at Mallinckrodt?

Q. How about Karen Harper?

Q. What was her role at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And when you say you would go -- who you would go to on the compliance side of things, what sort of interactions would you have with the compliance side of things?

Q. So to your recollection, your primary interactions with the compliance department were surrounding the peculiar order report after Jim Rausch transitioned it to you?

Q. And what was Jim Rausch's role at Mallinckrodt?

Q. To your knowledge, after you left Mallinckrodt, did Mallinckrodt continue to generate those peculiar order reports?

Q. You mentioned that they restructured after you left. Do you know how they restructured?

Q. This has been marked as Exhibit 11. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-011 marked for identification.]

Q. It's also about IntegriChain. It's an e-mail with an attached PowerPoint, so I'll give you a moment to flip through it. And for the record, the Bates number on this Exhibit 11 ends in 274486.

Q. No, I don't think you need to lock through it all. I can ask you just a few targeted questions about it. So the slideshow appears to be a presentation prepared by IntegriChain. Is that fair to say?

Q. That's what it looks like? It's very hard to read the title of this slideshow from how it printed, but it is titled IntegriChain-Covidien proof of concept channel integrity reporting, Phase 1. And I'm just going back to the cover to place this in time. The subject of this e-mail is July 15th IntegriChain meeting, and it's from July 15th, 2008. You said you remembered sitting in a meeting. Do you think it might have been this July 15th meeting?

Q. And going back to the previous exhibit, the IntegriChain project history, it looked like there were multiple meetings starting in -- excuse me -- starting in 2007 and going into 2008. Does that seem accurate according to your recollection?

Q. Okay. Okay, so going through the slides in the -- from the IntegriChain July 15th meeting, in the background it says Covidien has engaged IntegriChain in a proof-of-concept program that leverages Covidien's channel data to proactively monitor channel integrity. What's your understanding of what that means?

Q. That's fine. Is it your understanding that when IntegriChain is proposing to leverage Covidien's channel data, it means it's proposing to use Mallinckrodt's own data?

Q. So just -- you can go ahead and skip past the slides that are the retail inventory analysis slides to the slide titled wholesale inventory analysis overview. And here it reads most wholesalers have committed to exclusively source pharmaceuticals directly from the manufacturer and to maintain inventory levels within prespecified parameters. Is that statement consistent with your experience dealing with wholesale customers?

Q. Okay. You can go -- let's see -- past the wholesale inventory analysis to the slide titled orders from high-risk channels. Here it reads wholesaler sales to certain channels pose a higher risk of product diversion than others and lists two examples, sales to internet pharmacies and distributor sales to other wholesalers. Do you agree that those categories of sales pose a higher risk of product diversion?

Q. And earlier we talked about how the chargeback system will not process chargebacks for wholesaler-to-wholesaler transactions. You mentioned that with wholesaler-to-wholesaler transactions, it's difficult for Mallinckrodt to know where that product goes eventually; is that accurate?

Q. Understood. Okay. So if you keep going through the slide deck, it looks like IntegriChain included examples of mail-order pharmacies, internet pharmacies, examples of wholesaler-to-wholesaler purchases, and then examples of wholesalers with counterfeiting/diversion ties purchasing Covidien products. To your knowledge, did Mallinckrcdt do anything with the information flagged by IntegriChain in this presentation?

Q. Okay. If you can keep flipping through to the slide titled order diversion risk analysis. It has oxycodone customers with the largest relative growth, so it appears that IntegriChain analyzed relative growth, and then the text back here -- box here explains that most of these were new customers with minimal orders in the first three months of the analysis. But if you flip to the next slide, there are a few examples of oxycodone customers with established order history and high growth. Dc you see that?

Q. Oops. There you go.

Q. And the text box reads a smaller number of facilities flagged for high relative growth did not appear to be new customers and still demonstrated significant order growth. So if you can take a look at the graph that's included here, there's a line for the three pharmacy examples -- for each of the three pharmacy examples. What's your interpretation of this graph as you look at it today?

Q. How about just looking at the graph? What's your understanding of the information that's represented there?

Q. Would you agree that this graph shows a significant increase in oxycodone sales by Gompers Pharmacy in a one-month time period?

Q. Gompers Pharmacy is in West Virginia. I'll represent to you that it is in Wheeling, West Virginia, which borders Ohio. It's right on the Ohio River in Appalachia. Is it your understanding that there is an opioid crisis in this country?

Q. How did you become aware of that?

Q. Is it your understanding that the opioid crisis has particularly affected Appalachia and West Virginia?

Q. This slideshow is from 2008. If someone had asked you in 2008 to look back at sales of Mallinckrodt oxycodone to these three pharmacies listed here as indirect customers, would you have been able to access that information?

Q. And would the data submitted to you from the distributor have shown an increase in sales from month to month, if that's what the transaction -- scratch that. What would the data from the distributor have shown?

Q. Would you have been able to see the amount of product ordered each month or purchased each month by the indirect customer?

Q. Would the sales tracing have covered sales to indirect customers that wouldn't have been submitted through the chargeback system?

Q. Do you remember if anyone at Mallinckrodt following this presentation asked you to pull data on the three pharmacies listed here?

Q. Do you remember what happened after this July 15th meeting in terms of Mallinckrodt working with IntegriChain?

Q. Okay. I'm going to hand you what's marked as Exhibit 12. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-012 marked for identification.]

Q. Bates number ends in 457251, and it's an e-mail chain from July 2008. The most recent e-mail in this chain is you forwarding it to Victor Borelli on July 29th, 2008, but if you go back to the first e-mail in the chain, it is an e-mail from Kimberly France to the IntegriChain representatives on July 17th, so just after this meeting from the presentation we were just looking at. And it appears that she's forwarded an article about Cardinal Health being fined by the Ohio Pharmacy Board for allegedly neglecting suspicious orders, and then read through the e-mail chain. Someone from IntegriChain replies with thanks for the meeting on Tuesday, and then some follow-up items. Kimberly France replies and adds Sue Werder to the e-mail. And you said earlier that you worked with Sue Werder; is that correct?

Q. She was in the contract administration department with you? Or no?

Q. So if you keep following this e-mail chain, Sue Werder on July 23rd e-mails Gordon Cummins, who's one of the IntegriChain representatives. She asks him for more information about NuCare. It is a pharmacy highlighted as questionable in the IntegriChain presentation. Do you see that e-mail?

Q. And then following the e-mail chain, there's some back and forth, and IntegriChain sends her briefing on the company, on NuCare, which she then forwards to you. Do you remember if you discussed the NuCare Pharmacy with Ms. Werder at this time?

Q. So that brings us up to the top cf the document, and you write to Victor Borelli we are fine opening up NuCare and paying chargebacks for sales to them. As you read, it was the CEO back in 2002 that engaged in illegal practices. You can let Master's know they are fine. Do you remember sending this e-mail to Mr. Borelli?

Q. Is it accurate to say that this is an example of Mallinckrodt researching a downstream customer to approve it for chargeback requests?

Q. And is it your understanding that NuCare -- is it your understanding from this e-mail that NuCare was one of Master's customers?

Q. Would you agree that the IntegriChain presentation prompted Mallinckrodt to research NuCare Pharmacy?

Q. And is it your recollection that Mallinckrodt did not follow up on the information highlighted about Gompers Pharmacy in the IntegriChain presentation?

Q. Do you remember anyone asking you to run reports on Gompers Pharmacy?

Q. In your opinion, if that data was accurate and there was a big jump in sales of oxycodone from one month to another, would Mallinckrodt have a responsibility to look into that?

Q. And if Mallinckrodt had wanted tc research Gompers Pharmacy in 2008 and look into those sales of its oxycodone product to that indirect customer, would it have been able to do that from the data it had?

Q. If they were an indirect customer of Mallinckrodt purchasing Mallinckrodt product, would Mallinckrodt have data showing those purchases?

Q. A moment ago you said that you felt Mallinckrodt always took diligent responsibility in its sales and knowing where its product went. What do you base that on?

Q. Okay. This is Exhibit 13. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-013 marked for identification.]

Q. And for the record, the Bates number ends in 563507. It's an e-mail from you to Victor Borelli and Kate Muhlenkamp, July 11th, 2008. I'll give you a moment to look it over.

Q. Can you explain to me what happened here, what this e-mail chain is describing?

Q. It appears that Victor Borelli was asking for this stocking allowance because of an unusual circumstance. Is that accurate?

Q. Is it your understanding that what is described here is a customer of Mallinckrodt's, Master's Pharmaceutical, wanting a chargeback that was not processed because it turned out to be a wholesaler-to-wholesaler transaction?

Q. And then Mallinckrodt was able tc do a one-time stocking allowance to get them that payment even though it wasn't a chargeback; is that accurate?

Q. In this particular transaction, according to this e-mail, the indirect customer, Medical Arts, sold all of the Mallinckrodt product to a single customer, South Florida Pain Management, and that product was all oxycodone. Does that raise any concerns for you with respect to diversion?

Q. You said earlier that your responsibilities with compliance were limited to a few-month period reviewing the peculiar order reports; is that correct?

Q. When you would review those peculiar order reports for those few months, what were you looking for?

Q. Would you agree, based on this e-mail about this transaction, that Mallinckrodt had very detailed information about where its product went, down to the name of the pain clinic?

Q. Okay. And in this case, the wholesaler submitted a chargeback request that the system then denied; is that accurate?

Q. Are you familiar with what eventually happened to Master's, Medical Arts, and South Florida pain Management?

Q. I'll represent to you here today that they were all busted by federal investigators. Does that cause you any concern that Mallinckrodt product went to these entities that were later investigated fcr diversion?

Q.

Q. Exhibit 13. Or no. I'm sorry. 14.

Q. I'll --

Q. I'll put this on -- this is also a printing failure -- for the record, Exhibit 14 ends in Bates number ending 6331001. It's an e-mail and an attachment. Before we get to the attachment -- if you turn to the end of the e-mail chain, the earliest e-mail is from Cathie Gergen to you on October 14th, 2008. Do you remember working with Cathie Gergen?

Q. So this is a data question. Could you take a moment just to read through your reply to her question? I'm hoping that then you can explain to me what that means in layman's terms.

Q. I'm sorry. Yes. That's exactly what I meant.

Q. Okay. My questions are about the 857 -- 852 and 867. Is there anything that you can recall sitting here today about those reports?

Q. So Kathy Weiss says that she will work on the Partner testing. Do you know what that refers to?

Q. She asks about sending Excel spreadsheets to the pharma folks, and then if you flip to the first page of this document, you ask her to send them to Kate Muhlenkamp in generic marketing as well as Sara Heideman. Do you remember why you asked her to send it to Kate in generic marketing?

Q. Okay. And then at the top it explains what the attachment is -- the one attachment that's included here is the Miami-Luken test 867. I don't know if it will be legible.

Q. So this is the 867 data from Miami-Luken. Thank you. It's actually legible. Okay. So it's got dealer customer number, dealer customer name. It looks like it's listing mainly pharmacies here. Is it your understanding that the dealer customer is the indirect customer?

Q. Which department would have handled the 867 data?

Q. Most of these pharmacies are in Ohio. Is it your understanding that this shows sales of Mallinckrodt product to these pharmacies in Ohio?

Q. I apologize for the printing.

Q. Are you saying you think that this 867 data is not connected to Mallinckrodt?

Q. What's the NDC code?

Q. Okay. Okay. Then is it your understanding that this 867 data in this chart is showing sales of Mallinckrodt product through Miami-Luken to pharmacies in Ohio?

Q. Do you have any understanding of how the 867 data was used?

Q. So this spreadsheet shows a Tug Valley Pharmacy in Williamson, West Virginia. If Tug Valley Pharmacy submitted chargeback -- scratch that. If Tug Valley Pharmacy is the indirect customer and Miami-Luken is the direct customer, then it would have been Miami-Luken submitting the chargeback requests; is that correct?

Q. So if Tug Valley Pharmacy was an indirect customer of Mallinckrodt's customer at this time, which was in 2008, that data reflecting that transaction to Tug Valley Pharmacy would have been in the chargeback system as well as in this 867 data; is that correct?

Q. What part of that aren't you sure about?

Q. Okay. How about the chargeback system, which you are familiar with? If Tug Valley Pharmacy were an indirect customer of Mallinckrodt's customer, Miami-Luken, would the chargeback system show chargebacks to Tug Valley Pharmacy?

Q. You mentioned that you were aware of the opioid crisis from the media; is that correct?

Q. Did you see any media reports about the United States House Energy and Commerce Committee's report on alleged pill dumping in West Virginia that came out in December of last year?

Q. Okay. That was covered in the media, and I can represent to you today that the committee's investigation found that Miami-Luken sold 6.4 million hydrocodone and oxycodone pills to Tug Valley Pharmacy from 2008 to 2015. That's in a town that has approximately 2,700 people. So if any of the hydrocodone and oxycodone that Miami-Luken sold to Tug Valley Pharmacy were Mallinckrodt products, would the record of those transactions show up in Mallinckrodt's data?

Q. This is what's marked as Exhibit 15. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-015 marked for identification.]

Q. Bates number ending in 457174. It's an e-mail from John Adams to you, Victor Borelli, Laura Maher, and Kathy Weiss from June 23rd, 2009 -- forward of new account forms. Is this something that you would typically receive -- new account forms -- as part of your work at Mallinckrodt?

Q. I think we talked earlier about the customer data integrity group setting up new accounts. Is that right?

Q. So as a general matter, new account forms would go to CDIG?

Q. Do you know why you received this?

Q. Are some of the recipients of this e-mail from CDIG?

Q. Just taking a look at the attachments, a customer review checklist completed by Toby Bane. Do you remember who he was at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So is it your understanding that the national account managers would complete this checklist prior to submitting new -- a new account request?

Q. As part of the new account opening process, did you have any involvement?

Q. So this -- the summary of the review here, it says that this appears to be a legitimate, well-controlled pharmaceutical business which primarily caters to dispensing physicians, and then on the other page it has a percentage of the current customer base and geographic regions. Is it your understanding that Mallinckrodt prior to opening a new account would have information about the indirect customer base?

Q. And it also says do you process chargebacks? If so, EDI? What's your understanding of what that means?

Q. To understand the new account opening process -- at what point would you have any involvement in that process?

Q. At what point would you enter pricing information into the pricing system?

Q. Okay. So Exhibit 16, for the record, ends in Bates number 290095. It's an e-mail string with the earliest e-mail dated August 10th, 2009. I'll just give you a second to look it over.

Q. Okay. So reading through these e-mails, it appears that Karen Harper needed chargeback reports pertaining to Sunrise Wholesale and was going to go first to Kate Muhlenkamp for that. Is that your understanding?

Q. And then just going off of the document -- Kate Muhlenkamp was out of the office, so Karen Harper and sent to Lisa Lundergan. And do you remember working with Lisa Lundergan?

Q. Oh, okay. In your same department?

Q. Would that --

Q. Do you remember, Ms. Kilper, if the time period in which Lisa Lundergan was in your department was around the time of this e-mail in 2009?

Q. And at that point in 2009, were you aware that Kate Muhlenkamp was able to run chargeback reports?

Q. And it appears from this e-mail chain that Lisa Lundergan could also run chargeback reports. Is that consistent with your understanding?

Q. And when you say plenty of people who were familiar with the data, you're talking about the chargeback data?

Q. And who were some of those other people who were familiar with the sales data?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. And is it fair to say that using the Cognos tool was not specific to a certain department at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And which were the departments at Mallinckrodt that would have used the Cognos tool most often?

Q. Just following this e-mail chain, it looks like Cathy Stewart turns to Sara Heideman for help with this task. Do you remember which department she was in at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And then the top of the e-mail chain, Sara is e-mailing Cathy. She says I gave this a try, but had no luck getting the data out of JDE. I reached out to Tiffany Rowley for help, and she said that she could provide this data to you, no problem. Do you remember helping provide the Sunrise data from JDE to Sara Heideman?

Q. The data being requested here is chargeback data; is that correct?

Q. And would that data come out of JDE?

Q. Okay. Well, that might have been why Sara needed to turn to you for help, then.

Q. Okay. JDE we spoke about earlier. That was J.D. Edwards; is that right?

Q. And can you remind me what JDE -- what sort of information was stored in JDE again?

Q. Okay. Let's go to the next exhibit. Okay. Okay, you've been handed what's been marked Exhibit 17. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-017 marked for identification.]

Q. For the record, it's Bates ending in 289983. This is an e-mail from John Adams dated November 18th, 2009, with the subject East Main Street Pharmacy sales, trailing 12 months. It looks like it's

Q. Okay. Okay. And John Adams's e-mail to Victor Borelli and Steven Becker says -- he says the intent of the call is to make the above accounts aware, as I'm sure they are -- let them know that we have compiled an accurate list of purchases of our controlled substances over the past 12 months to this pharmacy and put it on file in the event of a review. As you can see, there was a disproportionate amount of oxy 15 and 30. So when he says compiled an aggregate list of purchases, is it your understanding he's referring to this spreadsheet that was attached?

Q. And what's involved in compiling this aggregate list of purchases?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. And on a very basic level, when you say used Cognos to pull it, can you walk me through what that might entail? What steps would you take to pull that report?

Q. Just as a general matter, what information would you need to generate a report like this?

Q. If one of your co-workers at Mallinckrodt gave you the name of a pharmacy, would that be enough, or would you need more information?

Q. For example, what more information would you need?

Q. If you had the name of the pharmacy and the DEA registration number, would you be able to generate a report of the sales data?

Q. Is it time-consuming to generate a report like this?

Q. Do you remember as a general matter whether it would take multiple work days?

Q. Do you agree that this report shows sales to a pharmacy in Columbus, Ohio?

Q. John Adams's e-mail says as you can see, there was a disproportionate amount of oxy 15 and 30. Would you agree that the reports generated with the Cognos tool can show the proportion of product purchased by Mallinckrodt's indirect customers?

Q. If you wanted to provide information about the about the proportion of products that an indirect customer was purchasing, where would you look for that data?

Q. Okay. So just to break it down a little bit, so when we're talking about the proportion of products, we're just looking for the relative amounts of Mallinckrodt product that an indirect customer purchased; correct?

Q. I'm just trying to make it as simple as possible.

Q. I don't think we're talking about something super complicated, but if you have a different understanding of what the proportionate amount of products purchased means, I'd like to hear that.

Q. Understood. But just to gather the information that would show the proportionate products purchased, so in order to see the proportion you'd just need the total amount of Mallinckrodt products purchased by an indirect customer; right?

Q. I'm sure I did not ask it very clearly. John Adams in his e-mail says as you can see, there was

Q. So in order to see the proportion, the relative amounts of oxy 15 and 30, you were just looking for the comparison of the amount of oxy 15 relative to other Mallinckrodt products purchased by that indirect customer; is that fair to say?

Q. I'm not talking about disproportionate yet.

Q. I'm just talking about identifying information that would show you relative proportions of product purchased.

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. So that --

Q. So trying to get to that information in the data that Mallinckrodt has, where would you go to pull a report that would show, for example, the products -- the Mallinckrodt portfolio products that went to an end customer like East Main Street Pharmacy?

Q. Cognos? Okay. So is it fair to say that those amounts were relatively easy to access in the Cognos -- through the Cognos tool?

Q. And you and other people at Mallinckrodt could generate those reports and provide them upon request?

Q. And then is it fair to say that whether or not those amounts were proportionate or disproportionate was not within your responsibilities at Mallinckrodt to decide?

Q. And fair to say that you would provide the information to others at Mallinckrodt when requested?

Q. There's Exhibit 18. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-018 marked for identification.]

Q. The Bates number ends in 421620. And if you look through the e-mail chain, you can see that this is a continuation of the e-mail that we were just discussing; is that right?

Q. So subsequent to the e-mail that we were just discussing, Karen Harper e-mails you the next day, on November 19th, 2009, asking you whether it's feasible to run chargeback summary reports each time her group receives information about DEA actions against pharmacies or physicians. And you reply sure, Karen. I can always provide that data. I will set up a report and just plug in the DEA number to see where the product went from the distributor. So is that what we were just talking about in terms of using the Cognos tool? When you say set up

Q. And when you say set up a report, is that

Q. And you ask her would the previous 12 months make sense or would another time frame be more meaningful for your purpose? Is time frame a variable that you can use when setting these reports?

Q. How far back could you go?

Q. And it appears from the e-mail where you say I will set up a report and just plug in the DEA number that the DEA number and the name of the pharmacy would be sufficient to generate the report. Does that seem fair to say?

Q. Looking back at Karen's e-mail, she says I'm trying to figure out how to tie chargeback summaries into the program, realizing that chargeback data is for our customers' customers. The sentence above that says I've been working with John Adams -- DEA-mandated suspicious -- [Interruption by the reporter.]

Q. -- order monitoring program and make it as robust as possible. So Karen Harper is e-mailing you because she -- as she states, in November 2009 she's trying to figure out how to tie chargeback summaries into the program. Is it your understanding she's referring to the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. Great. Do you recall whether after this e-mail exchange in November 2009, Karen Harper ever asked you to run chargeback reports as part of the suspicious order monitoring program?

Q. But you told her you could always provide that and you just need to plug in the DEA number; is that correct?

Q. Okay. You've been handed what's been marked as Exhibit 19, Bates number ending 474370. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-019 marked for identification.]

Q. And this exhibit is another continuation of the same e-mail string. Or I should say that it is

Q. Okay. So we have Karen e-mailing you in February 2010, apparently in response to the e-mail that we were just looking at when you e-mailed her November 2009 saying you can always provide that data. She e-mails you in February saying we exchanged e-mails several months ago about running chargeback reports as a benefit to the business based upon information we received regarding DEA actions requesting registrants and industry news. And she's asking whether it would be feasible -- she says it is now apparent there will be more than one to two requests per month and wants to know if that's feasible. And then your response is to -- you respond the same day to Karen Harper and ask for an estimate of how frequent or how many end user inquiries per month so that you can run it by your manager; correct?

Q. You also explain I just pulled the data from Cognos. It's nothing complicated at all. I'd be happy to train someone in your group to do this if that makes more sense. Did Karen Harper ever ask you to train anyone in the compliance group on Cognos?

Q. What's your understanding of how running chargeback reports would support Karen Harper's group?

Q. Do you have any understanding of why the compliance department would ask you for chargeback reports?

Q. And as you explain, it's nothing complicated at all and you can train someone in their group to do that, but you don't recall ever training anyone in --

Q. Exhibit 20, for the record, ends in Bates number 421736. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-020 marked for identification.]

Q. This is another continuation of the same e-mail conversation.

Q. On the second page you can see the e-mail that we were just discussing from February 22nd where you offered to pull the data from Cognos or train someone from their group. And then it looks like the next e-mail is from Carrie Johnson on March 8th, 2010. Do you remember what Carrie's Johnson's role at Mallinckrodt was?

Q. So Carrie Johnson is asking on March 8th if anything has been figured out on the chargeback requests yet, and then you reply asking Karen whether something was in your court with this and reminding her that you never heard back from your prior e-mail; is that right?

Q. To which Karen says the ball's in her court -- speak to Carrie and get back in touch. Do you remember if Karen ever got back in touch with you following this e-mail?

Q. Exhibit 21, for the record, ends in Bates 286532. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-021 marked for identification.]

Q. Okay. So the last e-mail we looked at, Karen Harper had said in March of 2010 that the ball was in her court, she'll speak to Carrie and follow up with you, and then it looks like here in May 2010 she's following up with you. Is that fair to say?

Q. So she's directing Carrie to work with you to determine if Carrie can access the programs necessary to run chargeback reports associated with the compliance -- C slash S -- controlled substance compliance industry news for Mallinckrodt commercial team initiative. Do you remember working with Carrie Johnson on this initiative?

Q. So we'll just follow the e-mail. Carrie Johnson's asking what programs you use, and you answer that you run queries in Cognos Report Studio, the new Impromptu. Can you tell me about Impromptu?

Q. Do you remember at what time Mallinckrodt switched from using Impromptu to using Cognos?

Q. So Carrie's saying she doesn't know if she has access; she doesn't know what it is, and then you explained to her that if she's going to be doing analysis on chargeback data, I don't know of any other way to do that besides using the sales history tool, Cognos. And I know they offer training, and the queries are pretty simple to learn. When you say I know they offer training, who's they?

Q. Do you remember if that would have been the company that makes Cognos?

Q. You said I would also be happy to help and can show you some of the reports I built just checking the data for Karen in the past. Do you remember what sort of data you would check for Karen?

Q. Are you referring to the report that John Adams had attached in that e-mail that was -- he referred to as aggregate purchase data?

Q. It looks like from this e-mail that Carolyn was working on getting set up to get access to Cognos Report Studio. Do you remember if she ever got access to Cognos?

Q. Do you remember if during your time at Mallinckrodt, other people ran chargeback data reports for the compliance group besides you?

Q. But it is your recollection that you would on occasion run chargeback data reports for Karen?

Q. When you mention that the queries are pretty simple to learn, can you give me an example of a query that you would use?

Q. Okay. So an example of a query would be plugging in the DEA number as we discussed previously?

Q. And like I mentioned, I'm not a tech person, so I'm just trying to ask what an example of a query is.

Q. What does that refer to in this context?

Q. Okay. Thank you. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-022 marked for identification.]

Q. Exhibit 22 is Bates number 289889, and it is an e-mail exchange between you and Karen Harper on June 29th, 2010.

Q. Okay. And you wrote to Karen that you spoke to your boss, Carol Svejkosky, briefly regarding the reports you request, and she's fine with you running them going forward, or she also mentioned Sandy Ivancho supports the commercial business specifically by providing sales reports and other data assistance. So earlier you mentioned that there were various people at Mallinckrodt who were good with data and worked with it regularly. Would this be an example of one of the people you were thinking of?

Q. You mentioned not being sure whether all of the JDE and Cognos training is necessary tc get Carrie up to speed. Is the familiarity with the JDE database also required to pull the Cognos -- cr I'm sorry -- to pull the chargeback reports?

Q. Okay. And you wrote it seems like a lot of training to obtain something very simple when you know the system and the data well. Is it fair to say we've seen you in these e-mails describe it as simple to pull the chargeback data?

Q. So Karen Harper says I can't thank you enough for the collaborative report. We will accept your offer and appreciate the availability of chargeback reports going forward. This is in June 2010. Do you recall whether you started providing chargeback reports to Karen Harper and her group regularly after this e-mail?

Q. Do you recall breathe you provided any to Karen Harper and her group after this date?

Q. And your recollection is that you provided them intermittently; is that right?

Q. Earlier when I asked you about whether you were involved in suspicious order monitoring efforts, and you said only for those few months that you reviewed the peculiar order reports. Would you understand providing chargeback data reports to Karen Harper to be involved in suspicious order monitoring?

Q. When you transitioned to reviewing the peculiar order reports for those few months, did Mallinckrodt provide training to you on the Controlled Substance Act?

Q. What do you remember of that training?

Q. You were -- at the time when you transitioned to reviewing the peculiar order reports, you had said you were preparing to leave for family reasons. Did Mallinckrodt know that you were planning to leave when they transitioned you to reviewing the peculiar order reports?

Q. Exhibit 23. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-023 marked for identification.]

Q. For the record, Exhibit 23 ends in Bates 561207. It's an e-mail chain with the most recent e-mail dated July 8th, 2010. Ms. Kilper, you are not on this e-mail chain but you're mentioned in it. Karen Harper is e-mailing Kate Muhlenkamp, and she says Kate, also be advised that we are working with Tiffany Rowley-Kilper to establish a system to run chargeback reports related to suspicious order monitoring as needed, and we will not be calling on you for this in the future. Do you remember working with Karen Harper to establish a system to run chargeback reports?

Q. And is it fair to say that the e-mails we've read through reflect Karen Harper asking you about the availability of you providing these reports and you responding that you are able to provide those reports when she needs them?

Q. So beyond her asking about the availability of those reports and you confirming that you could provide them, did you do anything with Karen Harper to, as she says here, establish a system to run chargeback reports related to suspicious order monitoring?

Q. Just taking a look at this e-mail chain, it starts with Victor Borelli e-mailing Kate Muhlenkamp. From his e-mail, it appears that one of his customers, KMI, KeySource Medical, is asking him for a favor to determine whether the indirect customer is getting Mallinckrodt product from anyone else. Is it your understanding that this sort of thing is typical, that an indirect customer would request information from Mallinckrodt --

Q. -- of this nature?

Q. Karen had in this e-mail said to Kate Muhlenkamp, now that she's working with you, she'll be not calling on Kate Muhlenkamp for this in the future. Did you train Kate Muhlenkamp on how to run chargeback reports?

Q. And do you remember what department Kate Muhlenkamp was in?

Q. And is it your understanding that the marketing department would work with Cognos regularly?

Q. Do you recall ever having meetings with people from the suspicious order monitoring team about how to utilize chargeback data?

Q. You've been handed Exhibit 24, Bates number ending in 268194. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-024 marked for identification.]

Q. This appears to be a calendar entry, and from what I can tell printed from your e-mail. Does that seem accurate to you?

Q. And the calendar entry is for a meeting in July 2010. Is that your handwriting on this document?

Q. Is it your recollection that you attended this meeting?

Q. The meeting purpose, according tc this document, is that recent DEA enforcement action taken within industry, including two Mallinckrodt customers, merits a review of our existing controlled substance suspicious order monitoring program, and then one item on the engine agenda is to review additional internal resources that exist for analyzing inputs, chargebacks, sales trending. Do you know what sales trending refers to here?

Q. Can you -- based on your experience working for Mallinckrodt over -- for over a decade and working with this data, with sales data, do you have any idea what sales trending might refer to?

Q. And in your handwriting here it says 99 percent of orders legit so do not hold orders. What's that based on?

Q.

Q. So with the agenda item to review additional internal resources that exist for analyzing inputs, chargebacks, and sales trending, do ycu recall providing information to this group about these internal resources that exist for analyzing inputs?

Q. Based on your experience working at Mallinckrodt, what would be some of the internal resources available for analyzing inputs that relate to suspicious order monitoring?

Q. Okay. Welcome back from lunch, Ms. Kilper. Do you recall this morning reviewing e-mails in which you said that pulling the reports from Cognos was simple?

Q. And do you recall testifying earlier that many people at Mallinckrodt were savvy with data and had access to Cognos?

Q. Do you recall reviewing e-mails in which you offered to train people on Cognos?

Q. And do you recall ever training anyone on Cognos?

Q. Were there ever restrictions on whom you could have trained on Cognos?

Q. So if anyone had wanted to take you up on that offer to be trained on Cognos, you would have been able to train them on how to use the program?

Q. And would you have any reason to think that you would be limited in who you could train on using Cognos?

Q. Do you recall any efforts to incorporate chargeback data into suspicious order monitoring?

Q. And how would you characterize the efforts that we've talked about here?

Q. Do you know whether the -- scratch that. Do you have any reason to believe that the compliance department placed a high priority on using chargeback data connected to suspicious order monitoring?

Q. Uh-huh. Do you have any reason to believe that the compliance department placed a high priority on using chargeback data in connection to suspicious order monitoring?

Q. Do you recall anyone from the compliance department ever discussing the need to use chargeback data for suspicious order monitoring with you?

Q. And you testified earlier that there were several people who had -- who were savvy with data and had access to Cognos; is that accurate?

Q. Were there any restrictions on people at Mallinckrodt who had access to Cognos?

Q. I don't know whether there would be any; that's why I'm asking you. Could anybody -- you said it had to be relevant to their job?

Q. Train them. Right. Okay. So that was in the context of training, but just in terms of having access to Cognos, I believe you testified earlier that people across various departments had access to it.

Q. Were there any restrictions within Mallinckrodt on employees having access to Cognos?

Q. I believe we discussed that Cognos is the report-generating tool and Partner is the system used for actually processing chargebacks. Is that correct?

Q. Do you remember back -- we looked at a document from 2002 that referenced you sitting with each member of the compliance department early on. Do you remember at that time whether Mallinckrodt used Cognos or whether it used Impromptu or another program?

Q. When you started at Mallinckrodt, which would have been in 1999, was Mallinckrodt using Cognos at that time, or did the change happen at some point during your employment there?

Q. And as we discussed from that document from 2002, you went and sat with everybody in the chargeback department, so fair to say that in 2002 Mallinckrodt had a chargeback department?

Q. And Mallinckrodt was -- had a system in place to honor chargeback requests at that time?

Q. Do you have an understanding of how long Mallinckrodt has had a system in place to honor chargeback requests?

Q. Was the chargeback system in place when you started in 1999?

Q. And in order to honor a chargeback request, you need to have data specific to the indirect customer; is that accurate?

Q. But fair to say you would have needed to have known -- need to have known who the indirect customer was? Is that fair?

Q. To pay the chargeback? Is it also accurate to say you would have needed to known -- to have known the details about the product that was shipped to the indirect customer and the amount of that product --

Q. -- in order to process a chargeback request?

Q. So if Mallinckrodt was honoring chargeback requests in 1999, it must have had a way to track at least those data points -- who the indirect customer was, the amount -- what the product was and the amount of product involved in the transaction; is that accurate?

Q. Do you recall ever being trained on the characteristics of a suspicious order?

Q. Do you recall whether that training involved the requirements of regulations under the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. Are you aware that controlled substances are classified by schedule -- for example, Schedule III, Schedule II controlled substances?

Q. Can you give examples of what some controlled -- Schedule II controlled substances are?

Q. When you began reviewing peculiar orders, did you feel that you were qualified to review those peculiar order reports?

Q. And what is it that they were asking you to do with it?

Q. Do you recall testifying earlier that you didn't have a sense of what might make an order of oxy 15 and 30 disproportionate or proportionate?

Q. Is whether an order of a controlled substances like oxy 15 or 30 is disproportionate or proportionate something that you would be looking for in a peculiar order report?

Q. Even when you were reviewing the peculiar order reports?

Q. Uh-huh. Okay. Here's what's marked as Exhibit 25. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-025 marked for identification.]

Q. For the record, the Bates number ends in 281241.

Q. So this is an e-mail from you to Karen Harper, January 5th, 2011. Could you please read your e-mail into the record?

Q. Thank you. You wrote I'm working on an SOP. What does that refer to?

Q. Got it. Do you recall if you finished putting together that SOP?

Q. You wrote it might be worth considering reports from the Cognos tool which could look at trends by product and customer. Why did you think it might be worth considering reports from the Cognos tool?

Q. Okay. When you say the questions were around indirect sales activity, what do you mean by that?

Q. And when you say the system, are you referring to peculiar order report system?

Q. And how would using the Cognos tool better the peculiar order report system?

Q. How would looking at indirect business help the peculiar order monitoring?

Q. So at this point when you're sending this e-mail -- and then you said attached is an example of the current documentation. So this attachment -- the current documentation -- is this -- is it fair to say this is an example of a peculiar order report?

Q. And at this time, that peculiar order report was only looking at the direct sales; is that correct?

Q. And it is your opinion that incorporating the indirect side of things would make it a more robust report?

Q. Okay. You said a moment ago that all I recall is it seemed like we might want to incorporate the Cognos activity and that data into our methodology for looking at things just trying to make a more robust program. So was it your opinion at that time that incorporating the Cognos activity would make a more robust program?

Q.

Q. Okay. But you don't remember if anyone ever followed up with you on that suggestion?

Q. So you write here since orders are shipped out even if they are included in the current report, you are really looking at historical data either way. Can you explain that to me, please?

Q. Okay. So that looking at the current documentation, peculiar orders, as well as the -- incorporating the Cognos tool, as you suggested here, both would be looking at historical data?

Q. So just looking -- and this is another document that's very hard to read. Okay. Okay. Is this your handwriting on this document?

Q. Does looking at this document refresh your recollection of what you were reviewing for when you reviewed peculiar order reports?

Q. But essentially you would receive a document like this and be asked to approve it and you would note that here? Like it says okay with your initials and the date?

Q. Right.

Q. Understood.

Q. On the very last page of the document, there's an e-mail. So this is an e-mail from you to Penny Myers, subject ABC, on January 5th, 2011. Do you recall Penny Myers's role at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So in this e-mail you're asking her about an average of 97 bottles an order and -- compared to an order for 288 bottles. Do you know any reason why they would be placing higher-than-average orders?

Q. So just reading the e-mail into the record. And then there's your note below that -- spoke to Penny regarding ABC methadone orders. All okay. Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall -- knowing that it was many years ago, can you think of what you might have asked Penny Myers about in connection with an explanation for

Q. And it looks from this document that this was a printout of an e-mail then with your handwritten note. Is that your understanding from just looking at this document?

Q. Do you recall whether it would have been your practice to print out this e-mail, make the note, and keep that as the record for your review fcr the peculiar order report?

Q. And then this document here with the e-mail and your note would have been the record of the process that you went through to approve the order; is that correct?

Q. And in this case, your notes simply says that you spoke to her and all okay. Without providing any more explanation for the increase -- the higher-than-average order, would there have been a place where you would have made a record of the reason for the higher-than-average order?

Q. And making sure that it okay -- was okay until contacting the person responsible for the account with that distributor?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. So this is an example of a peculiar order report as we discussed. Do you know what system was used to generate this report?

Q. If you wanted to find out how many of the orders noted in a peculiar order report were ultimately shipped by Mallinckrodt, how would you generate that report?

Q. Uh-huh. So if you wanted to find out how many of the orders in a peculiar order report were ultimately shipped by Mallinckrodt, where would you go to find that information?

Q. Okay. So using the information that's in this report, you could then run queries in Cognos to see the actual sales transactions related to the orders in these reports; is that correct?

Q. We discussed earlier you running reports from Cognos based on the name of a pharmacy and a DEA registration number. Do you remember discussing that earlier?

Q. My understanding is that would be indirect sales because we were discussing specific pharmacies.

Q. So you can generate those reports in Cognos based on the name of the indirect customer and the DEA registration number; is that correct?

Q. That would be sufficient to run a query in Cognos; is that right?

Q. With an order number would they be able to be correlated to an indirect transaction?

Q. Until AmerisourceBergen sent you the chargeback request?

Q. Okay. Understood. Thank you. So after the transaction had taken place, the direct customer or the distributor will submit a request for a chargeback payment; is that correct?

Q. After their sale?

Q. And if you wanted to create a list of all of the pharmacies for which a distributor had requested chargeback payments, how would you go about doing that?

Q. Exhibit 26 ends in Bates number 465411. [Exhibit Mallinckrodt-Rowley-Kilper-026 marked for identification.]

Q. Okay. So this document starts with an e-mail dated September 3rd, 2010, from Dave Hcffman at KeySource Medical to Victor Borelli, and he's asking Mr. Borelli specific questions about a customer of KeySource's increasing their use of Mallinckrcdt oxycodone 30 milligram at a rapid pace. So the e-mail describes a February 2010 report of 39,959 tablets of Mallinckrodt oxy 30, and then the same report for the month of July is 119,587 tablets. It appears that KeySource is asking Mr. Borelli to check within Mallinckrodt's data to see if Mallinckrodt's numbers are the same. Is that an accurate characterization of this e-mail?

Q. A few weeks later Mr. Borelli e-mails you asking you if you ever got back to him, and you say ran some reports. We do show the oxy purchases shoot up in June, July, and August for this facility. Our numbers are very close to his. I would involve Karen Harper and find out whether we have any responsibility with this knowledge. In your opinion, does Mallinckrodt have responsibility with this knowledge?

Q. And what was this confidence in the compliance e-mail addressing it based on?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. So you said you believe that Mallinckrodt during your time there was very responsible and trying to do the right thing. What was that belief based on?

Q. Can you think of any specific examples of actions that you or others at Mallinckrodt took to prevent the sort of volume of shipments of Mallinckrodt products going to pharmacies as we've seen in some of these documents today?

Q. At the point of denying chargebacks to the wholesaler, Mallinckrodt has already been paid for its product which it has shipped to the wholesaler and denying the chargeback is a financial benefit to Mallinckrodt, is it not, because Mallinckrodt does not have to then pay that amount to the wholesaler?

Q. And do you know in any of these examples where Mallinckrodt decided not to honor a chargeback request to a certain indirect customer, whether that indirect customer -- whether there were ever any instances of that indirect customer continuing to receive Mallinckrodt product through other distributors?

Q. And given what you just explained about the role of chargeback denial, would it concern you if Mallinckrodt products still ended up going to those pharmacies after Mallinckrodt had made the decision to restrict the chargebacks?

Q. Uh-huh. Would it concern you personally?

Q. You explained it's your opinion that the chargeback denial is the only way that you know of for Mallinckrodt to say we aren't agreeing to where you sold our product. Is that right? I'm not trying to put words in your mouth.

Q. I'm looking back at the transcript and trying to be fair about how you phrased that.

Q. And could Mallinckrodt also have decided to stop shipping to a particular distributor?

Q.

Q. To your knowledge, did Mallinckrodt ever do that?

Q. Are you aware of whether Mallinckrodt has
