Witness:  Todd Dean
Attorney: MR. Gastel
Source:   MNKOI0004569936.txt
============================================================

Q. Notwithstanding what your counsel just said, are you prepared today to give a deposition in the case that was noted on the -- by the videographer?

Q. And I was going to mark as Exhibit 1 the notice of deposition anyway, so we can go ahead and mark that.

Q. And you understand that we're here today pursuant to the notice that was identified as Exhibit 1 by your counsel?

Q. And you understand you're here to give sworn testimony in that case?

Q. Where do you live, sir?

Q. What is your address?

Q. How long have you lived there?

Q. Who lives there with you?

Q. Do you have any plans to move any time soon?

Q. When did you first learn that you would have to sit for a deposition in this case?

Q. I understand that this deposition was supposed to go a couple weeks ago, and then you had requested that it be moved as a result of some work obligations; is that fair?

Q. I don't want to know anything that you might have said to -- to one of your lawyers, but I do want to know: When was the first time that you talked to a lawyer about the subpoena that you were served with in this case?

Q. And what -- and again, I don't want to know what was said in any conversation with counsel. But what did you do to prepare for today's deposition?

Q. And it sounds like you met with counsel again. I don't want to know what happened in that meeting.

Q. But where was it? Was it in person or on the phone?

Q. How long was that meeting?

Q. Was it an hour, two hours, three hours?

Q. You're no longer employed by Covidien/Mallinckrodt, correct?

Q. I understand that when you were working for Mallinckrodt, who was part of Covidien, is that fair?

Q. But you understand that that -- that that entity that you were working for is now sort of operating under the Mallinckrodt name? Are you aware of that?

Q. I understand that. So throughout today's deposition, I might use the term "Covidien" or "Mallinckrodt," but do you understand that what I'm referring to is that entity that you worked for from approximately June 2011 to February 2013?

Q. So can we have that understanding throughout today, that if I use those

Q. -- two terms, I'm kind of using them interchangeably?

Q. Are you represented by counsel today at this deposition?

Q. And is it your understanding it's the counsel sitting across from me?

Q. I'm going to hand you a copy of what we'll mark as Exhibit 2.

Q. I'm going to hand you a couple of copies. Given the room, is it okay if you'll pass the two copies over to your counsel over there.

Q. Okay. Well, then you're probably a little bit familiar with the dynamic, but I'll just say this: Any time you need to take a break today, sir, just let me know. If there's a question pending, I'm only going to ask you to answer that question, then we can go take a break. If you need a drink, you need to go to the bathroom, or whatever. Okay?

Q. Otherwise, I'm going to go kind of quick, because I don't think anybody wants to sit in this conference room all day, and I'm going to try to go as quickly as possible. But you've just been handed a document that's been marked as Exhibit 2?

Q. Are you familiar with this document, sir?

Q. This is your Linkedln profile, right?

Q. Did you input this material into Linkedln to sort of show your professional work?

Q. It shows that you've been working at Ob Hospitalist Group for approximately seven years. Is that accurate?

Q. And was that the job that you took after you left Covidien?

Q. I don't really want to spend too much time on this, but can you just give me a just a broad overview of what you do for the Ob Hospitalist Group?

Q. Okay. And is that because -- obviously mothers give birth kind of -- they -- they don't -- they don't respect holidays, they don't respect nights, and so it's hard for hospitals to kind of get coverage for late night for OB/GYN care?

Q. Okay. And has that been your role since you joined them seven years ago? Or has it changed over that time?

Q. So is it fair to say that you're no longer working in the pharmaceutical sales space?

Q. And then on your Linkedln profile here, it shows that you were the specialty pharmaceutical -- specialty pharmaceuticals manager for Covidien from June 2011 to February 2013.

Q. So that's approximately 21 months?

Q. And it shows that you were -- you -- you put on here that -- this reference to the Presidents Club and that you were a Presidents Club Specialty Manager Award recipient. What is that, sir?

Q. So does that mean that you were kind of heading up one of the top sales districts for Covidien at that time?

Q. And the specialty pharmaceuticals manager put you on the branded side as opposed to the unbranded side; is that fair to say?

Q. Do you recall the drugs that you were principally responsible for on the branded side during that time?

Q. Pennsaid treats migraine headaches?

Q. It's an opioid, right?

Q. Is there a reason why you decided to leave pharmaceutical space and go to the Ob Hospitalist Group?

Q. I want to talk a little bit about the -- obviously today's deposition is going to almost exclusively focus on the 21-month period when you were at Covidien. So I want to talk a little bit about sort of the structure of the sales team. Who in the sort of organizational chart did you report to? Who was above you?

Q. Did you sometimes refer to yourself as the district manager?

Q. And as district manager, you had a sales team under you that you managed; is that fair?

Q. I need a verbal response, sir.

Q. And during that 21-month period, do you remember the -- the geographic region that your sales team covered?

Q. Did that include the Knoxville region?

Q. And was that true for your entire 21-month period?

Q. As district manager, would you occasionally go and ride along with the sales folks under -- on your team to do ride-alongs and see how they were operating in districts?

Q. Do you recall ever doing one of those ride-alongs to see a doctor in Tennessee?

Q. Do you remember how many times you were in Tennessee?

Q. Do you remember any of the doctors that you -- that you personally visited during those sales trips?

Q. Did you ever keep a log of like those trips, or any type of notebook to kind of help you remember where you went?

Q. I think you said you had 12 people on your sales team?

Q. Do you remember their names?

Q. Sure. Eric Hichman?

Q. Chris Clark?

Q. Teresa Crawford?

Q. Cheryl Herbold?

Q. Do you have any understanding about the nature of the claims in the -- in this lawsuit?

Q. Have you been following any of the news on opioid-related lawsuits across the country?

Q. Did you see in the news yesterday about Mallinckrodt's announcement of a pending Chapter 11 filing?

Q. Do you have any understanding of -- I'm going to call it the opioid epidemic. Your counsel might object to that, but -- what is your understanding of the opioid epidemic in this country?

Q. Well, do you have any understanding of problems with opioids in this country?

Q. What do you recall seeing on the news?

Q. You understand that that relates to prescription opioids?

Q. You used the term there "diverted." What is your understanding of diversion?

Q. And was that your understanding when you were working for Covidien back in 2011 to 2013?

Q. Are you done?

Q. I understand your testimony that you learned -- learned about diversion while you were at Covidien. You didn't understand it when you first got there, but --

Q. -- through the course of your employment you came to that understanding?

Q. And that would have been the -- the representatives in the field that were under your supervision?

Q. What is your understanding of what opioid abuse is?

Q. Well, I guess maybe I'll let you define what opioid abuse is, if you have a definition.

Q. What do you mean by "prescribing information"?

Q. As someone who worked in pharmaceutical sales, is it fair to say that you were aware of an opioid diversion issue in Tennessee?

Q. When you were working for Covidien, did you ever happen to look up opioid prescription rates in the state of Tennessee?

Q. Did you have -- ever have conversations with your sales representatives working in Tennessee about concerns related to opioid abuse in Tennessee?

Q. And what do you recall about those discussions?

Q. And I understand that you're not going to recall precisely the conversation. But what -- what, if anything, do you recall about the conversations?

Q. While you were at Covidien, do you recall receiving special training on how to identify problematic opioid prescribers?

Q. Do you recall seeing anything troubling on the physicians or pharmacies that you visited in Tennessee?

Q. Would you agree that as early as 2011, Tennessee had been plagued by lenient laws that led to the state being flooded with pill mills?

Q. Sure. Would you agree that as early as 2011, Tennessee had been plagued by lenient laws that led to the state being flooded with pill mills?

Q. And what were the concerns that were bubbling up?

Q. Do you remember what reps brought that to your attention?

Q. Chris Clark: Was he one of them?

Q. Was Eric Hichman one of them?

Q. He's at Asheville?

Q. I talked to him last year. Did you believe that pill mills were operating in Tennessee as early as 2011?

Q. Well, how do you define what a "pill mill" is?

Q. You didn't have an understanding of what a pill mill was when you were the sales representative for -- or I'm sorry, the -- the general manager -- let me start over. You didn't have an understanding of what a pill mill was when you were the district manager for Covidien Specialty Pharmaceuticals?

Q. Well, in your mind, what is a pill mill?

Q. Do you think that it carries a positive connotation?

Q. Were you ever told by Bill Nichols or any of your superiors to treat physicians, pharmacies, or nurse practitioners in Tennessee differently than in other states within your territory?

Q. Have you ever reviewed any materials from the Tennessee Department of Health regarding Tennessee's opioid abuse problem?

Q. Did you ever receive any information from any source about Tennessee being plagued with problems with opioids or pill mills?

Q. You would agree with me that Covidien directly marketed to Tennessee prescribers and pharmacies in promoting its branded opioids, right?

Q. And how were those promotional efforts done?

Q. And they would do that through in-person visits, right?

Q. And that means that they would physically go into a prescriber's office and try to meet with the health care practitioner who had prescription powers?

Q. And they would commonly buy food, like breakfast or lunch, when they were coming in for an office visit; is that fair?

Q. But it was done, correct?

Q. And they -- and then sales representatives would also occasionally hold dinners where they would pay somebody to come and speak about Exalgo to other invited health care providers, correct?

Q. And that was done in Tennessee during the time that you worked at Covidien, right?

Q. And in determining how strike that. In determining what prescribers to call on, sales representatives would target certain types of health care providers, correct?

Q. And that's what I'm getting at, is that there's a list -- there's a target list that sales representatives are given, right?

Q. And that's pretty common throughout the industry, right?

Q. And that's true for your sales representatives operating in Tennessee while you were at Covidien, right?

Q. They would get target lists, and those target lists would be -- would be based on the people -- those target lists would be based on the prescribers within that territory who were writing high volumes of opioid prescriptions, right?

Q. Well, then, how were the target lists developed?

Q. So are you saying that the term "high-volume prescriber" was not part of the target list calculation?

Q. Do you know how Mallinckrodt -- or I'm sorry, Covidien monitored opioid sales in Tennessee during that time period?

Q. Does the term "IMS health data" ring a bell to you at all?

Q. And that was true for Covidien while you were working there, in June 2011 through February 2013?

Q. And that's pretty standard across the industry, right, that IMS health data set?

Q. And that data would be used in developing the target list, correct?

Q. When you were the district manager, would you would you direct your -- your sales representatives to call on the health care providers listed in their target lists?

Q. And I understand that. But my -- my question you were the person who had direct supervision over those sales reps in your territory, right?

Q. And my question is, is were you directing them to sort of follow that target list that they received from corporate?

Q. Sure. And sales representatives would be trained on the messages that they were supposed to deliver to those people on their target list, right?

Q. And sales representatives would be given like these training modules to sort of educate them on the drug, right?

Q. And then it was the expectation that they would use that training information in their interactions with the physicians, right?

Q. As the district manager, would you sit in on those training manual -- training modules?

Q. Were you familiar with the types of literature that sales representatives would be delivering to physicians on their target list?

Q. Sure. Do you recall being included in e-mail correspondence by some of your sales representatives on the types of sales presentations that they were delivering in the field?

Q. Presentations.

Q. Do you recall if Covidien conveyed in its sales presentations that every chronic pain patient suffering from moderate to severe pain can be viewed as a potential candidate for opioid therapy?

Q. Was that something that they shouldn't have been -- that sales representatives should not have been conveying to prescribers?

Q. I understand that.

Q. Well, do you agree that every chronic pain patient suffering from moderate to severe pain can can be viewed as a potential candidate for opioid therapy?

Q. Did Mallinckrodt convey in its sales presentations that opioid drugs provided the best balance of pain relief and side effects in the treatment of chronic pain?

Q. Was it your understanding when you worked for Covidien that opioid drugs provided the best balance of pain relief and side effects in the treatment of chronic pain?

Q. I understand that you might not recall whether or not that was said or not, but I'm asking if that's your understanding. So is it your understanding that opioid drugs provide the best balance of pain relief and side effects in the treatment of chronic pain?

Q. Is that bothering you? Are you okay?

Q. When you were working at Covidien, what was your understanding of the effectiveness of opioids in the treatment of chronic pain?

Q. Do you need me to repeat the question?

Q. And then did you expect that your sales representatives who were in the field and operating within your territory that you were assigned to, or over, would deliver that message about the effectiveness of Exalgo in treating chronic pain?

Q. And that's what I'm getting at. And they -- they were trained and they were expected to deliver the message to physicians that Exalgo was effective in treating chronic pain, right?

Q. Are you done?

Q. And part of the prescription information that you're talking about is this idea that Exalgo would be effective in treating chronic pain, right?

Q. You used the term "prescription information." It was common for sales representatives to leave behind literature for the prescribers that they called upon, right?

Q. Do you remember having pocket card sets to be used?

Q. I'm going to hand you a document that we'll marked Exhibit 3.

Q. And if you could be so kind -- I'm going to give you extra copies, to pass the copies to counsel. Take as much time as you need with that document, sir, but my question is going to be, have you ever seen it?

Q. Do you see at the top it says "Pain management pocket card set"?

Q. It's the first page, very -- very top.

Q. You don't recall if -- if these were the types of materials that were available to your sales representatives to leave for prescribers that they called upon?

Q. I hand you a document that we'll mark as Exhibit 4.

Q. Do you see that this is also labeled as a pocket guide from the American Society of Pain Educators? Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall ever seeing this in your work with Covidien?

Q. No problem. Will you flip to the second page?

Q. Do you see at the bottom, on the left-hand column, it says, "Critical to distinguish tolerance, dependence, and pseudoaddiction from addiction." Do you see that?

Q. Do you recall these terms being used by your sales representatives that tolerance, dependence, and pseudoaddiction?

Q. Do you recall those terms being used in any of the training manuals that were used to train sales representatives?

Q. Do you have any understanding of what the term "pseudoaddiction" refers to?

Q. You can put that document to the side. We're at 5 already? We're flying through these. We're going to be done here in a minute.

Q. Do you see that on the front cover of this document, it is the it's labeled as the "Exalgo Learning System, Module 3, Focus on Opioids"?

Q. Do you recall ever seeing this document when you worked at Covidien?

Q. I want you to flip on the -- at the bottom right-hand corner, you'll see like a number.

Q. Us lawyers, we call those "Bates numbers." Will you flip to the Bates number page MNK-T1 0007855729? So 5729.

Q. Are you with me?

Q. Do you see in -- in the paragraph above the header, "Opioid Prescription and Regulation" do you see that?

Q. So I want to read a little bit --

Q. 5729. So do you see the sentence beginning "Addiction is defined as"? It's the second sentence in that paragraph.

Q. I'm going to read that: "Addiction is defined as compulsive use of a drug despite physical harm and overwhelming involvement with its procurement and use. The development of tolerance and physical dependence does not predict the risk of addiction. In fact, while most patients chronically taking opioids for medical reasons develop tolerance and physical dependence, the risk of addiction is low." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And that comes from this document that's described as the Exalgo learning system, focus on opioids, right?

Q. Well, what I'm saying is that the -- the statement that I read is from this training module learning system called "Focus on Opioids."

Q. Okay. So was your understanding when you worked for Covidien that the risk of addiction is low for those chronically -- people chronically taking opioids?

Q. Do you need me to restate --

Q. So was your understanding when you worked for Covidien that the risk of addiction is low for those people chronically taking opioids?

Q. You keep using that term "prescribing information," but the prescribing information is the stuff that the sales representatives were trained on to deliver to the doctors, right?

Q. But in order to sort of educate the sales representatives to go out in the field and talk to medical professionals, they would go through these training modules, right, on the drug?

Q. So is it -- is it your understanding that sales representatives didn't take this learning system for Exalgo? I mean .

Q. Well, I think that your testimony earlier was that sales representatives who were under your direction would be trained prior to going in the field in order to sell Exalgo on -- they would go through these training modules, right?

Q. And you see that the statement that I read, that physical -- that the risk of addiction is low for those patients chronically taking opioids is in this Exalgo training module, right?

Q. You can look back, if you're wondering where the citation comes from. There's a bibliography at the end.

Q. I'm just saying you seem to be caught up on the footnote, and so just to clarify, if you want, for your own sort of understanding, you can --

Q. Well, I'm just saying that the statement that I read, that the most -- "While most patients chronically taking opioids for medical reasons develop tolerance and physical dependence, the risk of addiction is low." That sentence is in this Exalgo training module, right?

Q. Sure. That's the footnote.

Q. That's referenced in the sentence that I read?

Q. And all that I'm asking you is the sentence that I read appears in this Exalgo Learning System, Module Three, Focus on Opioids, right?

Q. And you would agree with me that it's important for sales representatives, in order to go interact with doctors, to be trained truthfully and accurately in their Exalgo learning systems and training modules, right?

Q. Okay. When you worked at Covidien, did you have an understanding of whether or not Exalgo was approved by the FDA as an abuse-deterrent opioid?

Q. And is that what the sales representatives under your supervision were told to tell doctors?

Q. Are you aware that the FDA rejected Mallinckrodt's request for permission to market Exalgo as abuse deterrent?

Q. Were you aware that the FDA, in concluding that Exalgo was not approved for abuse deterrent, stated that in terms of abusability, appears to be similar to OxyContin?

Q. Are you aware that the FDA, in rejecting that application, said that Exalgo would increase the potential risks for overdose or abuse in those seeking to defeat the extended-release system?

Q. Were you aware that the FDA, in rejecting Exalgo's request for permission to market Exalgo as abuse deterrent, stated that the -- the FDA predicted that expanded use of Exalgo after marketing raises serious safety concerns and are likely to result in significant abuse and diversion that further impacts the public health and safety?

Q. Fair enough. It's probably a bad question. By the way, if I ask a bad question that you don't understand throughout the day, just tell me to rephrase. I have no problem doing that.

Q. And -- and you're not being offensive. That happens to me all the time. Did you know that the FDA stated and predicted that expanded use of Exalgo after marketing raises serious safety concerns and are likely to result in significant abuse and diversion that further impacts the public health and safety?

Q. If you were aware of that, would that have changed in any way the work that you did for Covidien as the district manager for your territory?

Q. I understand. But I'm just saying that if you were aware of those things, do you think that that would have changed any of the things that you did while you were at Covidien?

Q. Does it bother you at all that that's what the FDA was stating formally, on the record, related to Mallinckrodt's request for permission to market Exalgo as abuse deterrent?

Q. Do you believe that pharmaceutical manufacturers like Mallinckrodt or Covidien that manufacture, promote, and sell prescription opioids are responsible at all for the opioid epidemic?

Q. So are you refusing to answer the question?

Q. I didn't ask you to. I'm -- I'm asking you that --

Q. Do you believe that pharmaceutical manufacturers like Mallinckrodt or Covidien that manufacture, promote, and sell prescription opioids are responsible for the opioid epidemic?

Q. So this is an e-mail from July 24, 2011. It's an e-mail string. The top e-mail is an e-mail from you to --

Q. Do you see that it's an e-mail from July 24, 2011, sent by you to a variety of people?

Q. Those look to be the -- some sales representatives that were in your territory, and Bill Nichols. Do you see that?

Q. And the e-mail is a little bit of an e-mail string, and the subject is "New Pain Clinic Guidelines bill signed by Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam." Do you see that?

Q. I want to read a little bit from the first e-mail in this string, which is an e-mail from Heather Duncan, cc'ing you and Bill Nichols.

Q. Do you see that?

Q. It says, "Hi, everyone. Great news. As you know, the state of Tennessee has been plagued for many years with some of the most lenient laws in the country when it comes to the operation of pain clinics. Because of this, we have been flooded with offices operating under the disguise of pain management clinics, while in actuality they are nothing more than pill mills." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And then she summarizes a little bit of the bill. But you reply, "Great stuff. Thanks for the news, Heather." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Was Heather -- Heather Duncan was your -- the specialty sales specialist for the Knoxville East territory, right?

Q. If you were wondering, you'll see -- if you flip to the next page.

Q. That's her e-mail signature. She says that she's the specialty sales specialist, Knoxville East territory?

Q. She was sending this to you in July of 2011, and she uses that term that we were discussing earlier about pill mills. Right?

Q. And in fact she says that Tennessee is flooded with pill mills, right?

Q. So as early as 2011, you were aware that your staff in Tennessee was using this term, "pill mills," to to describe some of the pain management clinics operating in Tennessee, right?

Q. And I understand that. But all I'm saying is that based -- you don't have any reason to believe that this isn't an e-mail that you sent and received, right?

Q. Sure. And so -- but your sales staff under your supervision was describing pain clinics in Tennessee as pill mills as early as 2011, based on this e-mail, right?

Q. Do you recall why you said "great stuff" in response?

Q. Do you see that she sent this e-mail to Cheryl Herbold?

Q. I need a verbal response.

Q. Again, I'm not trying to be rude. It's just the blessed court reporter --

Q. -- here struggles with the "uh-huhs" and "huh-uh." And then she also sent it to Richard Keen. Do you see that?

Q. Were those two other sales representatives operating in Tennessee at that time?

Q. But you don't recall his -- his assigned territory?

Q. You mentioned how there was some turnover in regard to the sales reps operating in Tennessee. Was the turnover problem related to the pill mill problem?

Q. Do you recall anybody telling you why that they were self-selecting in?

Q. We're on 7? Take as much time reviewing this document, sir. I'm only going to ask a small question about it. But .

Q. Do you see that this is e-mail correspondence I think just three days after the e-mail that we just went over --

Q. -- between you, Bill Nichols, and Heather Duncan?

Q. And you state that -- that you thought "Heather Duncan did a very nice job here capturing the majority of the town hall meeting from Atlanta." Do you see that?

Q. And then do you recall going to that meeting?

Q. And then it appears -- I think it's in your testimony is that she's summarizing this town hall meeting that occurred on July 25th, 2011, right?

Q. And this was one day after the e-mail that we were just reviewing related to the changes in Tennessee law, right?

Q. So I want to direct your attention to Ms. Duncan's notes from this July 25th, 2011, meeting. You see that there are bullet points. Let's go to bullet point number 9. You with me?

Q. I'm going to read it: "Due to the recent changes in Florida laws and clinics shutting down soon, how will Covidien adjust our goals now that the pill mills are shutting down?" Did I read that correctly?

Q. And that appears to be some question. And then Heather's notes appear to be, "The answer from Ron." Do you see that?

Q. And she summarizes the answer as the following: "Now that we are having quarterly goals instead of yearly goals, your goals will automatically be adjusted as the changes in the marketplace happen." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So the marketplace that's being described here includes the market related to those pill mills in Florida, right?

Q. But once again, we see here Heather Duncan, specialty sales specialist, Knoxville East territory, in July of 2011, using this term "pill mill" in relation to operations, this time it appears in Florida, right?

Q. And then when you saw these notes, you thought that they did a very nice job of capturing the majority of the town hall meeting from Atlanta, right?

Q. And are these town halls where sales representatives from across the country get together to talk about what they're seeing in the market for the two drugs that they were marketing?

Q. But you would agree with me that there's -- that -- that this would be a meeting of sales representatives, right?

Q. And were these town halls done on a routine basis, if you recall?

Q. And -- but part of the purpose of the town hall would be for the sales representatives to ask questions about what they're seeing in the field, it appears, right?

Q. And it certainly appears, based on Heather's notes, that at this town hall meeting, there was this discussion about pill mills in Florida, right?

Q. And so do you recall at all this incident of all these Florida clinics being shut down by the DEA?

Q. Were you aware that there were clinics that were being shut down because of active diversion of opioids?

Q. And then how would the closing of these clinics in Florida require adjusting the sales goals of Covidien?

Q. Well, apparently the response at this meeting in -- in Atlanta was that sales goals would have to be adjusted because of these clinics being shut down, right? That seemed to be a concern of the sales representatives at this meeting?

Q. Well, apparently there was the question, "How will Covidien adjust our goals now that the pill mills are shutting down?" That's the question on this document from Heather Duncan, which you yourself at the time described as a very good or very nice job of capturing the majority of the town hall.

Q. Well, I'm asking you, based on your experience as a district manager, as a district manager, you would have some input in setting the sales goals for your team, right?

Q. But at some point, that was your responsibility, right?

Q. Who would be setting the goals for the sales team?

Q. But you would be aware that your sales team would be given sales targets or sales numbers that they were trying to achieve, either on a quarterly or -- or yearly basis, right?

Q. And sales goals?

Q. So is it your testimony that you don't know why Covidien would need to adjust sales goals based on the pill mills shutting down in Florida?

Q. So is it your testimony that you don't know why Covidien would need to adjust sales goals based on the pill mills shutting down in Florida?

Q. I think that there's -- they were just stuck together?

Q. Maybe I'm down a copy.

Q. Take as much time with that document, sir, and I'm going to ask you a couple questions about it.

Q. So this is e-mail correspondence from January of 2012. Do you see that?

Q. And it's between you and a variety of people, Bill Nichols included, and also Teresa Crawford. Do you see that?

Q. And this relates to an announcement from Endo Pharmaceuticals that they were going to have to temporarily shut down production at one of its plants, and that that was going to affect the supply of Opana ER, right?

Q. Do you recall this incident?

Q. And so Opana ER is an opioid, right?

Q. And then Bill Nichols -- who I think is your boss at the time, right?

Q. E-mailed -- or forwards you this story about Endo having to suspend production. And he says, to an e-mail to you and others, "Endo asking docs to refrain from new patient starts for Opana ER." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And then you respond, sending an e-mail out to what appears to be your entire team at the time?

Q. And that would include a team with coverage of East Tennessee, right?

Q. Well, you would agree with me that Chattanooga is in East Tennessee, right? Question about Tennessee geography today.

Q. So you respond back to that team, at least some of them operating in Tennessee, "Team, huge opportunity"?

Q. "We need to understand who the big Opana ER writers are that are going to be impacted and jump on this opportunity." Did I read that correctly?

Q. You go on, "Please examine your top writers and go get this business." Right?

Q. So I think that you testified earlier that the target lists that were developed had to do with specialties of doctors and not the number of opioid scripts that they were writing, right? Do you recall that testimony?

Q. Sure. But here, when we're talking about Opana ER production problems --

Q. -- you're not directing your sales team to go look at specialties. You direct them specifically to go find the big Opana ER writers. Right?

Q. Sure. But you didn't go -- tell them to go out and just find any Opana ER writer. You specifically used the term "big Opana ER writers." And when you're saying that, you're talking about the people who are writing a lot of Opana ER scripts, right?

Q. Yeah, I get that.

Q. But what you were telling her to go do was to go find the big Opana ER writers, which are the people who are writing a lot of Opana ER scripts in her territory, right?

Q. But you don't just say, "Go find any Opana ER writer." You use -- the term you use is "big." "Big" means they're writing a lot of scripts, right?

Q. It's the number of scripts that is the person that you're directing your sales team to find?

Q. So you want this jury to believe your term "big Opana ER writer" did not mean the people who were writing the most Opana ER scripts in the territory?

Q. Is that what you're asking the jury to believe today?

Q. Okay. And then Teresa Crawford gets back to you and says, "Top five." Top five. Not any old five.

Q. The top five. And she lists them out. Right?

Q. And these include writers in Cleveland, Tennessee, right?

Q. And you sent this e-mail, directing your sales team to target the big Opana ER writers, after the e-mail where you informed -- you were informed that Tennessee was plagued by bad laws and flooded with pill mills, right?

Q. Well, I understand that. I'm not saying that you held that belief. But my question is, you sent this e-mail, directing your staff to target the big Opana ER writers, after you had received the e-mail that Tennessee was plagued by bad laws and flooded with pill mills, right?

Q. So you're saying that this e-mail isn't after the e-mail that we looked at back in Exhibit 6?

Q. So -- and then you direct the sales team, when they're talking to these big Opana ER writers, to emphasize the positive -- "the positives of Exalgo with the Tom and Eva case studies and the availability of Exalgo today." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Do you recall the Tom and Eva case studies?

Q. But you -- you were, at least at the time, aware that these case studies existed, right?

Q. But you were directing your sales staff to use that Tom and Eva case study in targeting those big Opana ER writers, right?

Q. You still have Exhibit 9 in front of you, sir?

Q. Do you see that this is e-mail correspondence between you and a variety of people from January 2012?

Q. Well, you see that it's -- it's part of a long thread?

Q. And this is following up, again, related to that Opana ER shortage

Q. -- that we were talking about. Do you see that?

Q. And then Bill Nichols forwards to you this e-mail of January 18th, 2012. Do you see that? Middle of the page, on the first page?

Q. I'm going to read a little bit of that. He starts off, "Great pharmacy call below relative to Opana ER from Amy Painter in Florida. Note that the partnership that Amy is establishing with the pharmacist to meet patient needs. The pharmacist is the person who has to deal face to face with the patient's frustration over not having their meds available. Let's help them better serve their patient customers. Pharmacy calls are critical right now." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And then you respond back, it appears, forwarding this message on to your sales team. And it says, "Great example of getting close to your pharmacist and what it can do for your business." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And you say, "Let's go get this Opana business." Did I read that correctly?

Q. I guess it says "Let's get this Opana business." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And then Teresa Crawford -- who, again, I think we've established, is a rep operating in Tennessee, right?

Q. Responds back to you: "I just left my largest pain office that I had breakfast with last week. Deb Gray, NP, stopped me for more co-pay cards and said since Thursday, they are trying to switch patients from Opana. This is what she told me she was going to do, so let's hope they go through. They normally don't do RAs, but I've already done some, and waiting for response." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Do you know what that "PA" reference is there?

Q. So here's an e-mail of Teresa Crawford informing you about her largest pain office, right? That's her description of where she just left? Right?

Q. So -- and this is just a few days after you directed her to go contact her big Opana ER writers, right?

Q. And she says that she just left the largest pain office, right?

Q. So that's a reference to how many Opana ER scripts are being written by this

Q. It's not a reference to the number of scripts that are being written by this office, the largest?

Q. Well, you guys don't get information on the number of patients that physicians have. You get number -- you get information on the number of scripts they're writing?

Q. That's because there's long lines there?

Q. So -- and then she's talking about how she's getting those -- that largest pain office to switch over from writing Opana ER scripts, right?

Q. But generally speaking, when your -- when your reps go into -- to the offices, especially the largest pain office in their district, they're trying to interact with the people who have prescription power writing authority, right?

Q. And you had this e-mail correspondence, again, after you were informed that Tennessee was plagued by bad laws and flooded with pill mills, right?

Q. But January 2012 is after, in time, September of 2011, right?

Q. And so it's fair to say that you sent this e-mail, and these e-mail exchange occurred, after you were informed that Tennessee was plagued by bad laws and flooded with pill mills, right?

Q. If you don't know what a pill mill is, how do you know if this e-mail is or is not in reference to a pill mill?

Q. You would agree with me that pill mills are where a large number of opioid prescriptions are being written from, right?

Q. Are you aware of any pill mill being indicted for writing a bunch of Tylenol prescriptions?

Q. Anybody describe somebody who has a lot of Pennsaid prescriptions as a pill mill?

Q. Do you see that this is February 2012 e-mail correspondence between you and some members of your sales team?

Q. And it begins with this e-mail from Krista Woodworth. Do you see that?

Q. And the subject is "AARP potential is in Tennessee." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And she e-mails it to you and says, "Todd, good afternoon. As you'll remember from the e-mail I sent out last night, the South Carolina district is ranked number two in the country in terms of Opana ER/Exalgo volume through USC, AARP med D." Did I read that correctly?

Q. "My natural next question was, which of your specific territories are responsible for most of this volume? Therefore, I did some research this morning and found out that your Tennessee territories carry most of this volume." Did I read that correctly?

Q. "In light of the difficult managed care environment that exists in Tennessee, this is great news." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And she attaches this Excel spreadsheet, right?

Q. That lists the Opana ER monthly scripts for the territories, right?

Q. And then you reply back, "Folks, this is a tremendous opportunity. Please read below and see the corresponding data. Great stuff." One, two, three -- four exclamation points. "Money is to be had here. TD." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And so this again is after the correspondence that we were just looking at regarding the Opana ER production problems, right?

Q. And then you see that again, your -- well, let me back up and go back to Krista Woodworth's e-mail. You see that she directs your representatives to the managed care tab and IMS performance analytics for greater detail. Do you see that?

Q. Fair point.

Q. So -- well, you forwarded on to Chris Clark and Teresa Crawford, right?

Q. And Eric Hichman?

Q. These are the -- these are the -- the sales reps in your territory operating in Tennessee at this time, right?

Q. And so -- and then they're directed to go look either through this e-mail from Krista, or you forwarding it to them, to go look at the IMS performance analytics for greater detail, right?

Q. You can answer the question, sir.

Q. Well, you would agree with me that IMS performance analytics data is -- relates to the number of scripts that doctors are writing, right?

Q. Well, there's nothing in here about breakthrough pain, right? This is just -- this is just how you're trying to divvy up your sales representative resources, right?

Q. And your response to that, in this e-mail from Krista, is that money is to be made in Tennessee as a result of these opportunities, right?

Q. And you sent this e-mail after you were informed that Tennessee was plagued by bad laws and flooded with pill mills, right?

Q. But all I'm trying to get is that February 2012 is after September '11 -- or September of 2011, right?

Q. So you see that this is e-mail correspondence from April 2012, right?

Q. And it's between you and a variety of people, but it begins with this really big e-mail from Mike Patterson to a whole host of individuals. Do you see that?

Q. You would agree with me that there's a lot of people on this first e-mail from Mike Patterson, right?

Q. I mean, we don't need to count them up. We -- we can agree that there's a lot of people on this e-mail, right?

Q. So -- and it's directed to the field sales force. Do you see that?

Q. And you see -- I want to direct your attention to the one, two -- the third paragraph down, beginning, "We have received multiple success stories."

Q. It states, "We have received multiple success stories on how the new messaging has helped move Exalgo up in the treatment algorithm. South Carolina district manager Todd Dean shared the following story highlighting the impact Matt Goddard had with new MSA." Did I see that -- did I read that correctly?

Q. What's the new MSA?

Q. "Matt was able to use the new PK data within the MSA to get into a very meaningful discussion. Specifically they discussed the PK spike with IR hydromorphone 8-milligram contrasted against the strength of Exalgo all the way to the PK profile of 32-milligram, and the justification for once daily dosing with Exalgo. As they went through their discussion and analysis of this data, Dr. T. actually stopped Matt, took the MSA from him, and closely reviewed it in his own hands. He looked at Matt and said, 'This is exactly the dilemma we are in with these chronic pain patients every day. I need to use more Exalgo.'. Dr. T is Matt's number one Opana ER writer target in Charleston. Matt does a great job highlighting that Exalgo is not IR hydromorphone, but rather the efficacy of hydromorphone in an innovative once-daily delivery system. Combining this type of sales message with an appropriate patient type enables you to elevate Exalgo earlier in your customer's treatment algorithm." Did I read all that correctly?

Q. So what you're describing here is an interaction where Matt, one of your sales representatives, went in and had a successful event with a physician to have him start writing more Exalgo scripts, right?

Q. Well --

Q. So -- and you see that there's this reference to the MSA and the doctor looking at it, right?

Q. And then after the doctor has interacted with the MSA and Matt, he appears to be willing to write more Exalgo scripts, right?

Q. But what -- what -- Mike Patterson sends to the field sales force, based on this vignette that you've told him --

Q. -- and he almost is quoting somebody as saying that the doctor said, "I need to use more Exalgo," right? Which suggests, I think, certainly to anybody reading this document, that the doctor is now going to be starting writing more scripts for Exalgo, based on this interaction with Matt, where he's reviewed this MSA, right?

Q. Do you want the jury to believe that the MSA in this vignette that you're describing didn't have an impact on the doctor's understanding of Exalgo?

Q. Uh-huh.

Q. And so -- and I get all that. Let's -- in the MSA -- is that the document that's attached here?

Q. No problem. So let's flip through this. I want to specifically look at Slide 5.

Q. And we saw earlier this reference to -- I think it was the Todd and Eva thing that you had in your e-mail. Do you recall that? To using the Todd and Eva -- let me go back to the . Yeah, if you go back to what I think is 6, when you were directing your sales reps to the -- use the big Opana ER writers. You used the phrase "emphasize the positives of Exalgo with Tom and Eva case studies," right?

Q. Well, you don't recall the e-mail that we just looked at that said "emphasizing the positives of Exalgo with Tom and Eva case studies"?

Q. Well, is it -- pull out the January 9th, 2012, e-mail.

Q. Okay. So whatever January 9th, 2012, is.

Q. Does that refresh your recollection that you have in the past encouraged your sales representatives to use the Tom and Eva case studies in their sales presentations for Exalgo?

Q. And that's where we're going. So let's look at Slide 5 as part of the attachment in Exhibit 11.

Q. And it says, bullet point 1, "How Exalgo may help patients like Eva."

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And then under bullet point 2, there is a reference to the Moore study. Do you see that?

Q. And so apparently the Moore study is one of the items that the sales staff should be discussing with patient -- or with doctors in their Exalgo sales presentations, right?

Q. Well, let's just read the document, then. It says, "But wait, there's more." Right? Number 2. "But wait, there's more. Use the chart from the Moore study to contrast the PK positive files of IR hydromorphone and Exalgo. Steady once-daily dosing provides a consistent release of medication to get Eva through the entire day and night with reduced peaks and troughs." Did I read all that correctly?

Q. So when the document here states "use the chart for Moore study," you don't think that that's a reference that the sales representatives in their Exalgo sales presentations should be using the Moore study to make this point?

Q. Well, you would agree with me that the document says, "use the chart from the Moore study"?

Q. Okay. So let's flip over and --

Q. To Number 7.

Q. Oh, wait, I'm sorry, on 6. And it says, the -- "Another case for Exalgo, the second patient profile describes Patrick." We saw in Exhibit 8 the reference was to Tom, but here the reference is to Patrick. Do you see that?

Q. Sure. And we see under bullet point 2, "Once again, more on Moore." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And it says here, "You can use the Moore chart to illustrate the steady delivery of medication provided by Exalgo throughout the 24-hour period." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And so again, this document is directing sales staff under your supervision to use the Moore chart to illustrate the steady delivery of medication provided by Exalgo, right?

Q. And I understand that. And so -- and then if you go back to the cover of this e-mail, you have this reference to the MSA that apparently was used for at least this one doctor in Charleston in this successful sales presentation that you describe, that then goes out to the entire field sales force, right?

Q. So, going back to this e-mail. Okay?

Q. Sure. Training sales --

Q. Okay. And I get that. Training sales -- this is the document, is the internal training -- is the document used to train sales representatives in the field on how to use the MSA, right?

Q. And I understand that. And then the whole -- the document that's attached to the e-mail is listed as "The Whole Story Sales Aid/Leave Behind Implementation Guide." Right?

Q. Sure. "For sales training purposes only. Do not disseminate."

Q. So this is for training salespeople, right?

Q. Sure. Sure. And so -- and that's all I'm trying to get at. And and the way that the sales representatives were trained was, according to paragraph 5, to use the chart from the Moore study to contrast the PK profiles of IR hydromorphone and Exalgo, right?

Q. Exact quote.

Q. Sure. And I understand that. And -- but the -- the point is, is that the sales representatives, according to this document, in interactions with physicians, are directed to use the Moore chart and study in their interactions with physicians, right?

Q. Yeah. And then do you see that there is

Q. I'm sorry. Page 5 of the attachment.

Q. These are the documents as they've been produced to us.

Q. And I understand that. So let's just clean up the record here. And I understand. Your testimony is, is that the e-mail relates to the MSA and that the attachment is not the MSA. Get that. No problem. You would agree with me that the attachment, however, is this -- is for sales training purposes only, related to the "Whole Story Sales Aid/Leave Behind Implementation Guide." Right?

Q. Got it. And then -- and then let's flip over to, for the thing, for the -- for the attachment "For sale" -- that's identified as "For sales training purposes only."

Q. "Do not disseminate." You with me?

Q. Let's go over to page 5 of that document.

Q. Now, page 5 has at the very top an image. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And that image, do you know what that image is of?

Q. Well, when -- when I say "the image," I'm referring to this entire thing right here .

Q. Do you know what that image is from?

Q. Sure. And it gives this patient profile for this woman that's named Eva?

Q. And I understand that. But you would agree with me that the document says that you -- that it states under paragraph 2 in the Eva study, "Use the chart from the Moore study to contrast the PK profiles of IR hydromorphone and Exalgo." Right?

Q. And so the sales team, according to this document, was being trained to use the Moore study, right?

Q. Okay. Then how were the sales representatives to use the chart for Moore?

Q. Okay. So let's flip over to paragraph 7.

Q. I'm sorry, page 7.

Q. It says, "Explain the efficacy of Exalgo. Now is a good time to remind physicians of the efficacy of Exalgo. The pivotal trial, Hale study, is a great way to do this." Did I read that correctly?

Q. I'm sorry. Upper left-hand corner, in the gray chart area.

Q. No problem. So were sales staff trained to explain the efficacy of Exalgo to doctors?

Q. No problem. And then it's -- the document goes on to say, "Something HCPs may consider when choosing a dose for starting Exalgo." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And it says, "It may help physicians to know that the median starting dose in the Hale study was 16 milligrams and the median final dose was 32 milligrams." Right? That's what the document says?

Q. "This may surprise some physicians who start patients on 8 milligrams regardless of the conversion ratio from their previous medication." Did I read that correctly?

Q. "Point out how proper dosing can provide the efficacy physicians are looking for in their opioid-tolerant chronic pain patients." Did I read that correctly?

Q. "If it worked for the" -- "If it worked in the Hale study, it may work for them." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And so were -- were sales representatives trained to use the Hale study in their sales presentations with doctors?

Q. All right. Let's go back to the e-mail. So again, from the e-mail from Mike Patterson, directed to the whole field sales force team, he goes on to explain that "Matt does a great job highlighting that Exalgo is not IR hydromorphone, but rather the efficacy of hydromorphone in an innovative once-daily delivery system." Did I read that correctly?

Q. "Combining this type of sales message with an appropriate patient type enables you to elevate Exalgo earlier in your customer's treatment algorithm." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So it appears, at least here, that the efficacy of hydromorphone is to be used in the sales message, right?

Q. But he -- but the -- the way that this is described is that "Matt does a great job highlighting," right? "That Exalgo is not IR hydromorphone, but rather the efficacy of hydromorphone in an innovative once-daily delivery system." So are you trying to convince this jury that the -- that the efficacy of hydromorphone was not part of the sales presentation that's described here?

Q. And appropriate patient are, again, the case profiles that at least you directed back in Exhibit 8 to use the Tom and Eva case studies, right?

Q. But you wouldn't have directed your sales representatives to use in the field the Tom and Eva case studies if -- if it wasn't something that they were supposed to be using in the field at that time, right?

Q. Okay. So -- and then going back to the e-mail correspondence, May 25th, 2012, your response to Mike Patterson's e-mail is: "Oh, yeah, you know it." Right?

Q. As a positive way to present Exalgo?

Q. In a positive way?

Q. Well, do you want this jury to believe that this Matt Goddard vignette was used in this sales force meeting to not encourage other sales folks to do the same thing?

Q. Just going back to Exhibit 11 real quick.

Q. So I want to direct your attention back to the Mike Patterson e-mail.

Q. Below where we were just reading, it states: "To help reinforce." Are you with me?

Q. Okay. It says: "To help reinforce and inspire message strategy and proper use of the new master sales aid and dosing guide, we have attached a few educational tools." And it lists one, two, three -- four educational tools. Do you see that?

Q. And one of them listed is the master sales aid implementation guide. Do you see that?

Q. And it says, "This refresher tool reinforces the key inspire message -- messaging in the new MSA as you continue to master the new message strategy." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And the document that I was walking with you is labeled as the Whole Story Sales Aid/Leave Behind Implementation Guide." And I'll represent to you that according to the way that these documents were produced, this document is attached to this e-mail. So given that, is it fair to say that the attachment labeled "Whole Story Sales Aid" is the master sales aid implementation guide as referenced in this e-mail?

Q. Okay. All right. You can put that one aside.

Q. Do you see that this is e-mail correspondence of May 3rd, 2012, between Chris Clark --

Q. So do you see how this is e-mail correspondence between Chris Clark and you and Bo Hamilton, dated May 5th -- or May 3rd, 2012?

Q. Apparently it relates to Advanced Pain Therapeutics of Knoxville?

Q. And it says "Todd" -- who is Bo Hamilton?

Q. "Todd and Bo, Passing along a story on the above clinic that is actually in Bo's territory at 900 East Woodland Avenue." Did I read that correctly?

Q. It goes on to discuss this visit that he had at this clinic. And I want to direct your attention to the sentence -- I know it's hard to read -- it says, "I knew I had my work cut out." It's about halfway down on the right side.

Q. "I knew I had my work cut out but didn't back down, either. He then tells me he made the Opana ER rep cry last week, and she probably wouldn't be back, because he told her that if he didn't provide Lidoderm patches for his patients, he wouldn't consider using Opana ER. He is from Michigan. He throws out how my drug is killing people and confuses it with Palladone on several occasions. But we went through the data, discussed the conversions, answered his questions, and at the end he gets up and tells me that I've been a very honest individual with him and he appreciates that, and then walks towards me and gives me a hug. A bit unnerving, but nonetheless a bound was made in that first call." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Do you know what the reference is, "a bound was made in that first call"?

Q. Is it possibly a typo for "a bond"?

Q. "I know that this physician are not in my system, and I could not even add them as a business context because of the ZIP code they are in, but I believe for now I could and can get credit for Diana, and would gradually assist Bo in his office going forward." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So I want to direct your attention to this reference that "my drug is killing people." Did that cause you concern, when a rep of yours reported that

Q. Do you know what this reference to Palladone is?

Q. Do you know why physician -- a physician might be getting Exalgo confused with Palladone?

Q. Do you have any reason why Todd Dean thought that -- that you should become aware of this interaction he had at Advanced Pain Therapeutics?

Q. Well, I guess my question -- I can't imagine that all your sales reps send you a one-paragraph summary of a meeting for every single time that they go out and meet a physician, right?

Q. And so I'm wondering, because I imagine that this is not the usual course, where one of your sales reps gives this one-paragraph explanation, if you know why it was done in this instance?

Q. Okay. So this is e-mail correspondence from -- from you to your sales team and Bill Nichols from May of 2012; is that fair?

Q. And it begins with this vignette from Chris Clark about a "hydrocodone and combo list," right?

Q. And it's an e-mail from Chris Clark to you, on May 17th, 2012. And he writes: "Hey, Todd, I wanted to share a hopefully potential success story around the utilization of this hydrocodone and combo list. In digging into it, a lot of the AHA came from some of these family practitioners that were Rxing a lot of hydrocodone in some 60 or so a week of hydrocodone, one particular doc in LaFollette that I have known and called on for a long time." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Do you know what this reference is to AHA?

Q. "Rxing a lot of hydrocodone" means prescribing a lot of hydrocodone, right?

Q. So this is a reference to Chris Clark having a successful interaction with a doctor who was prescribing a lot of hydrocodone, right?

Q. And so then you pass this along to the rest of the sales team, saying that "This is a great example of putting an Exalgo hit list to work." Do you see that?

Q. And then you provide some thoughts, and one of the thoughts is -- I'll direct your attention to bulleted item 3 -- "Our new PK data in our master visual aid totally makes sense to reduce pill count offer true once-daily pain control and efficacy." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And in fact the term "efficacy" there is all in caps, to provide emphasis, right?

Q. And so is this you directing your sales team to use the master visual aid to emphasize Exalgo's efficacy in treating pain?

Q. Is the master visual aid different than the master sales aid?

Q. And I get that. And I'm not asking if it's approved by the FDA or not approved by the FDA. But my question is, is the master visual aid you reference in this e-mail the same as the master sales aid that we were discussing in the previous e-mail?

Q. Who told you that these things were approved by the FDA?

Q. How do you know that?

Q. And that was your understanding when you were working for Covidien, that the FDA approved these sales documents?

Q. Would it surprise you to learn that the FDA does not approve these documents?

Q. Well, they're submitted to the FDA, but they don't have to be approved, right?

Q. Would it surprise you to learn that that is not true?

Q. You see this is e-mail correspondence from May of 2012 between you and your sales team and Bill Nichols, Subject line: "Endo market activity. Be aware."

Q. It says, "Team solutions" which I think was the -- the way you describe -- or how you open the previous e-mail. What is "team solutions"?

Q. Got it.

Q. Okay. And it describes some Endo activity regarding Opana ER. Is that fair to say?

Q. And it sounds like Endo was sort of trying to be hypervigilant during this time period in pushing Opana ER out there. Is that fair to say?

Q. Yeah. So -- because this is later in the year, after they had those -- those production problems that we saw?

Q. And it looks like this was their attempt, probably, because their production problems were solved, to sort of win back lost business, right?

Q. And in fact that's the exact language that you use in paragraph 4 there, is that they are being asked to win back lost business, right?

Q. Sure. And then --

Q. And you say that because this type of sales marketing works, right? The more you're in the field, the more you're going to sell?

Q. But it's important to have a good sales force if you want to drive the sales?

Q. And so I want to direct your attention to -- you asked this question, "What do we need to do," and you provide five bullet points. Is that right?

Q. And bullet point 2 -- number 2 is "Be aware and hit your key targets with higher frequency to combat their share of voice when appropriate. Keep in mind that only a handful of physicians make all the difference." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And the concept that a handful of physicians make all the difference, because you have these large prescribers, and if you can get them switched over, you know, you're going to really boost your sales numbers, right? That's what that means?

Q. Well, they're a key target, according to the language that's used in this e-mail, right?

Q. Well, if that were true, why didn't you just say, "Hit your targets"?

Q. Growth being the number of scripts they write?

Q. But the way that you guys measure growth is scripts, right?

Q. Well, Pennsaid wouldn't have been affected by this Opana ER push by Endo, right? Pennsaid is not competing with Opana ER?

Q. And you said that there are other factors that go into growth, other than scripts. What are the other factors?

Q. It does, yeah. I'm still a little confused on what other than scripts constitutes growth.

Q. Is there any other driver?

Q. It's an e-mail from you to your -- your sales team of September 13th, 2012. Is that fair?

Q. And it's related to these Quarter 1, fiscal year '13, target information and planning tool. Right?

Q. And you say, "Team, I need everyone to scrub your list thoroughly before you send adds to me. We have already seen errors of targets added, pill mill docs re-added, et cetera. Please, please, please, check your lists. Let me know of anything goofy going on with these." Did I read that correctly?

Q. So here is where you use the term "pill mill docs." That's your term, right?

Q. It looks like your sales reps were trying to add in pill mill docs to their target list for fiscal year '13, right?

Q. Well, if the e-mail states "We have already seen errors of targets added, pill mill docs re-added?"

Q. So the reference here to "pill mill docs," which is the reference of how you describe them, what was your understanding of what a pill mill doc was, as you used it in this e-mail?

Q. What were you trying to convey with the term "pill mill docs" in this e-mail?

Q. Our last exhibit of the day.

Q. Music to your ears, I'm sure.

Q. Will you pull back out Exhibit 11?

Q. Okay. And then flip over to that image on Exhibit 11.

Q. On page 5 of the attachment. And then flip over to page 4 of the document that I just handed you.

Q. There's not. I don't think there is. I'm sorry about that.

Q. You with me?

Q. You would agree with me that page 4 of Exhibit 16 looks exactly like the image on page 5 of the attachment to Exhibit 11, right?

Q. And I understand that. But all I'm trying to get for the record right now, the image on page 5 looks exactly like page 4 of Exhibit 16, right?

Q. Sure. No problem. And that's what I'm getting to. Does this look like the master sales aid?

Q. No problem. If I reference to you -- if I represent to you that Exhibit 16 is the master sales aid, would you have any reason to believe that that's -- that that's not correct?

Q. If I reference -- well, you were at some point familiar with -- with the master sales aid, right?

Q. Well, does it have the characteristics of what would be considered a master sales aid?

Q. Why not?

Q. I get that. So -- I'm sure the versions that you used were probably a lot more glossy than the copies that were provided?

Q. And so -- no problem. And so -- regardless, let's go back to page 4 of Exhibit 16 and to page 5 of the attachment on Exhibit 11. Got both documents in front of you?

Q. You've got them.

Q. Okay. Images look similar, right?

Q. Okay. And you would agree with me that Exhibit 11 is for sales training purposes only, not to be disseminated, right?

Q. States it all over the document. So it's for sales training purposes. And you would agree with me that on Exhibit 11, under the image that looks a whole heck of a lot like page 4 on Exhibit 16, that it directs salespeople to use the chart from Moore, right?

Q. Oh, that's just stuff that us attorneys put on it. You can ignore that.

Q. Well, that was just put there by the lawyers.

Q. I get it. And then well, and then page 4 says, under the -- under the two charts that are shown there on the right side -- you with me?

Q. You with me?

Q. It says, "In a lab study conducted in healthy subjects, N equals 11, hydrocodone administration yielded a high plasma level of hydromorphone." Did I read that correctly?

Q. And then it says, "Less than 10 percent of individuals are poor CYP2D6 metabolizers." Did I read that correctly?

Q. It says, "The contribution of hydromorphone to the clinical effects of hydrocodone is unknown." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. very quickly, let's do the same thing for page 6 of Exhibit 11, the attachment on 11. You with me?

Q. And then on page 5 of Exhibit 16.

Q. With me? You would agree that the image on page 6 of Exhibit 11, at the top, looks an awful lot like page 5 of Exhibit 16?

Q. And the callouts, you're talking about the numbers 1, 2, 3, 4?

Q. Sure. And then the image of 2 on Exhibit 11 is right next to that chart, right?

Q. And that chart looks an awful lot like the chart that's in page 5 of Exhibit 16, right?

Q. And then if you go to 2 --

Q. on 6, or page 6 of Exhibit 11, 2 is the "more on Moore" paragraph, right?

Q. Yeah, yeah. That's what I'm getting at.

Q. The callout, here. And then -- and it says, in that "sales training purposes only" document, it says, "Here, you can use the Moore chart to illustrate the study delivery of medication provided by Exalgo." Did I read that correctly?

Q. Okay. So today we've seen some e-mail correspondence where you were encouraging your sales folks to sell Exalgo throughout your territory, which included parts of Tennessee, right?

Q. And we saw a couple of e-mails that reference reference pill mills, and one e-mail that specifically referenced Tennessee being flooded with pill mills, right?

Q. Sure. So throughout your 21 months working for Covidien in the opioid space, did you ever once contact Mallinckrodt or Covidien's compliance team and inform them that your sales team was reporting to you a flood of pill mill activity in Tennessee?

Q. Did you ever once go to Mallinckrodt and Covidien's compliance team and ask them to examine opioid prescription rates in Tennessee?

Q. Did you ever once go to Mallinckrodt/Covidien compliance team, to report any activity as suspicious and ask them to flag or scrutinize any opioid order as suspicious?

Q. Were you aware that Mallinckrodt has a generic business that also manufactured and sold generic opioids?

Q. If I told you that that side of the business sent 85 million opioid pills into Tennessee, would that surprise you?

Q. I'm just asking you, would that number shock you?

Q. Would it cause you concern to learn that they sent 85 million pills into Tennessee?

Q. I promised ten more minutes. I might have gone 11. I appreciate the time today, sir.

Q. You're off the hot seat.

Q. How many times do you recall informing Mallinckrodt corporate that your representatives reported back to you something uncomfortable they saw in a sales meeting?

Q. Did you ever contact the compliance team about those doctors that were reported to you to flag any prescriptions for them as suspicious?

Q. Was there an established protocol to go to the compliance team and inform them of those problematic prescribers?

Q. Who would have that been?

Q. And would you have expected Bill to then inform the compliance team?

Q. How would you have done that? Would you have done that by e-mail correspondence or a phone call?

Q. Would it surprise you to learn that we didn't find any e-mails between you and Bill Nichols where you were reporting a report from one of your sales representatives of a problematic prescriber? We didn't find a single e-mail like that.

Q. Well, I'm asking you if -- if you would be surprised that we didn't find any such e-mail.

Q. You said that this happened very rarely. Can you quantify, one time, two times, three times?

Q. That's it for me.
