Witness:  Victor Borelli
Attorney: MR. Loeser
Source:   MNKOI0004559930
============================================================

Q. Good morning, Mr. Borelli. If you could please state your full name and spell your last name for the record.

Q. And, Mr. Borelli, you understand that you're under oath?

Q. And you're required to tell the truth in these proceedings?

Q. Are you taking any medication or is there any other reason why you could not testify truthfully and accurately today?

Q. Have you had your deposition taken before?

Q. I'll go over a few ground rules. I'm going to be asking you questions, and you will be answering them. It's important that we not speak at the same time. So if you could please wait for me to finish my question before answering, and I'll do the same with your answers before asking another question. Does that sound fair?

Q. If you don't understand a question, please say so, and I'll attempt to rephrase the question. Are you represented by counsel here today?

Q. And who is that counsel?

Q. And did you select Ropes & Gray or were you selected by Ropes & Gray?

Q. Mr. Borelli, you've been handed what's been marked as Exhibit 1, which is the notice of your deposition today. Have you seen this document before?

Q. So the first time you've seen your deposition notice is right now as it's been presented to you?

Q. Okay. If you could please look at the bottom of the first page of that notice, there's a paragraph that starts: "Additionally, please take notice that pursuant to the applicable Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, plaintiffs have requested that the individual identified above produce the documents identified in the Schedule A." Do you see that paragraph?

Q. Could you please turn to Schedule A, which is the next page in that document. And go to page 4. The first request on page 4 is for a copy of your current resume or CV. Have you provided that to your counsel for production?

Q. If you could look at the second request, which is for all documents, including electronic data and e-mail in your possession related in any way to any defendants' manufacture, marketing sale, distribution, suspicious order monitoring and lobbying efforts in connection with its opioid business, have you searched for those documents and provided them to your counsel?

Q. You didn't have any documents in your possession that related in any way to your work for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And did you destroy all those documents or did you never have any?

Q. Did you search your personal e-mail for any communications relating to your work?

Q. So none of your customers ever contacted you on your personal e-mail?

Q. Or text messages?

Q. And did you text with your customers when you were a Mallinckrodt salesperson?

Q. Have you changed your phone service since that time?

Q. And do you recall what your phone service was when you worked for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Is that something you could look into by looking at old bills or anything like that to figure that out?

Q. Okay. If you look at the third request on this document, it asks for all documents that you have consulted or reviewed or plan to consult in preparation for your deposition and have relied upon or will rely upon for your testimony for your deposition. Have you come today with all of those documents?

Q. The request asks you to produce all documents that you have consulted or reviewed. Is it your understanding that all of the documents that you've consulted or reviewed for your testimony today have been produced to the plaintiffs?

Q. Do you know if that's true or not? Are there documents that you reviewed?

Q. Okay. And did you -- were you provided those documents by counsel or did you have those documents yourself?

Q. Mr. Borelli, what did you do to prepare for your deposition today?

Q. And how many times did you meet with counsel?

Q. A few: Two? Three? Five?

Q. Two times?

Q. Two times or three times?

Q. And do you recall when those meetings occurred?

Q. And do you recall how long each of those meetings lasted?

Q. And were those visits in person?

Q. And where did they occur?

Q. And do you recall who was present at those meetings?

Q. And who was that?

Q. Okay. And do you know if there were lawyers for any other parties in this litigation who were present?

Q. And at these meetings you reviewed some documents?

Q. Do you recall how many?

Q. And were those communications that you had authored and communications that had been sent to you?

Q. And any other materials?

Q. Did you speak with anyone else before, about your deposition, other than your attorneys?

Q. You haven't contacted any former customers to talk to them about your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. No one at all?

Q. Are you being compensated or reimbursed in any way for your testimony today?

Q. No expenses?

Q. Mr. Borelli, have you ever been charged with a crime?

Q. I'm going to quickly go over your education and work history. Did you graduate from college?

Q. And where did you graduate from?

Q. In what year?

Q. And what did you major in?

Q. Can you briefly describe your job history since graduating from college?

Q. Your job history.

Q. I'm sorry, called?

Q. Could you spell that, please?

Q. And what did you sell there?

Q. The ketchup company?

Q. And that's the pound cake company?

Q. What else did Sara Lee make?

Q. And what products did you sell at Mallinckrodt?

Q. What types of drugs did they sell?

Q. Okay. So immediately prior to joining Mallinckrodt and selling pain products, among others, you worked for Sara Lee?

Q. Selling coffee products.

Q. When you started at Mallinckrodt or prior to when you started, had you taken any courses relating to controlled substances?

Q. And explain what courses you took.

Q. Well, let's start with courses.

Q. Did you attend any educational seminars, anything unrelated to Mallinckrodt --

Q. -- or not presented by Mallinckrodt?

Q. So all of your training in controlled substances was while you were an employee of Mallinckrodt.

Q. And did that training include training on the laws applicable to the distribution of controlled substances?

Q. And do you recall the content of any of that training?

Q. Were you presented with training materials that you recall?

Q. Any training or legal materials on the legal requirements relating to the distribution of controlled substances?

Q. When did you leave Mallinckrodt?

Q. And again just briefly, can you walk me through each of the positions you held when you were at Mallinckrodt and, the best as you can recall, the timing of when you held those positions.

Q. And what year were you promoted to the director?

Q. Is that something that would be on your CV?

Q. Do you have a CV?

Q. But you've created one?

Q. Do you recall how many -- and I believe your title was, in the last period of your employment by Mallinckrodt, the national sales director. Does that sound correct?

Q. And was there only one national sales director or were there more?

Q. And were you responsible for a particular region as national sales director?

Q. And explain how that worked, vis-a-vis your co-national directors.

Q. And were you competing with your colleagues for customers?

Q. So how were the different customers divided up in terms of marketing? In terms of getting those customers, how did that work?

Q. So that person would tell the sales directors which clients to pursue?

Q. Okay. And what do you mean by "realignments"?

Q. And why -- why would accounts need to be realigned?

Q. Was there an effort to balance the -- the income or the compensation of the -- of the different sales directors?

Q. So it sounds like the vice president of sales had a lot of say in who your customers were.

Q. And do you recall who occupied those positions when you were the national sales director?

Q. Okay. And to go back for a second, I realized I didn't ask you where you currently work. What's your current position?

Q. And what do you do for them?

Q. And when did you start working for them?

Q. And who did you work for before that?

Q. And what does Dr. Reddy's do?

Q. And what types of drugs do they sell?

Q. And are you responsible for any particular group of those drugs?

Q. Oh, I'm sorry. When you were.

Q. And is that where you went after you left Mallinckrodt?

Q. When you were the national sales director, did you have a team that you managed?

Q. When you were the national sales director, did you receive yearly evaluations?

Q. And who conducted those?

Q. Who --

Q. Who was your direct manager?

Q. Do you recall if there were any written records that were prepared that were given to you during or following your evaluation?

Q. Do you recall where your evaluations occurred?

Q. How many years were you at Mallinckrodt?

Q. So you received six or seven performance evaluations, and you don't recall where they occurred?

Q. Do you recall whether you were evaluated based on any particular metrics?

Q. And could you please describe those.

Q. I'm sorry, what was the last thing?

Q. And those would be a review of sales objectives?

Q. Did you receive any commendations or awards when you were employed by Mallinckrodt?

Q. Could you please describe those.

Q. What does that mean?

Q. So you didn't sell any branded products, right?

Q. The drugs you sold were generic.

Q. And based upon your sales of generic drugs, you received a commendation called the President's Award?

Q. And what did you receive with that award?

Q. And do you recall when that occurred and where the trip was?

Q. How many times did you receive that award?

Q. And was it likely to have coincided with the years in which you had the highest sales?

Q. Okay. And so what's your -- your best recollection of when those awards were given to you?

Q. But of which years?

Q. And do you recall where -- where you were sent?

Q. Some other place where it was warm and sunny?

Q. During your time at Mallinckrodt, were you ever disciplined or put on probation or anything of the like?

Q. Did you consider yourself a successful national sales director at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you believe that Mallinckrodt also considered you a successful national sales director?

Q. Did you comply with all of the workplace rules as far as you understood them?

Q. And is it fair to say that you did your job the way you believed Mallinckrodt expected you to do your job?

Q. And were you well regarded by your peers at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Is it fair to say that you did the job Mallinckrodt wanted you to do and you did it the way they wanted you to do it?

Q. You can answer.

Q. Can you please explain how your compensation worked at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And do you recall your starting salary?

Q. A ballpark?

Q. The year you started.

Q. Okay. Do you recall your ending salary?

Q. And fair to say that you received periodic raises when you were employed by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And those were a reflection of the good job that Mallinckrodt believed you were doing?

Q. Annual raises meaning based on your performance?

Q. So presumably if Mallinckrodt believed you were doing a bad job, they wouldn't be giving you raises.

Q. Okay. You also mentioned bonuses. How did that work?

Q. And do you have a sense of to what degree bonuses were based upon the level of your sales?

Q. If you sold more, did you expect to get

Q. Explain to me how it works.

Q. So within the amount allocated by the quota, was your compensation based on the level of controlled substances that you sold, was the bonus portion of that?

Q. Fair to say that, again, within the quota that was allocated, overall for all of your customers, your compensation was based in part on the amount of controlled substances that you sold?

Q. Was there any kind of bonus cap that you're aware of?

Q. So I understand that it was a somewhat complicated process, but the bonus that you received applied to all of the products that you sold.

Q. So these other products from this Zydis company that you mentioned, but also it applied to the controlled substances --

Q. -- that you were selling for Mallinckrodt.

Q. Mr. Borelli, you've been handed what's marked Exhibit 2, which has the Bates stamp MNK-T1 0000315995. Is that document in front of you, sir?

Q. And why don't you take a moment to see what that is.

Q. And while you are reviewing that, for the record, this is the Retail Generic Incentive Plan By Sales Rep. That's the description on the top of the document. Have you seen this document before?

Q. And if you look through this document, it shows the sales rep bonuses for calendar years 2006 through 2011 on -- on the first page. Do you see that?

Q. And if we can just look at the names in 2006, and we'll go down the names, it's David Irwin, Thomas Bane, Tim Berry, Bonnie New, Victor Borelli and Steve Becker. Were those the other national sales directors in 2006, as you recall?

Q. And for each of the years below that, 2007 through 2011, there's a list of names. Those are also true for any name that shows up that I didn't just read, that person was a national sales director as well?

Q. Thomas Bane drops off the list after 2008. Do you know who Thomas Bane is?

Q. Do you know why he comes off this list?

Q. So looking at the top, the year 2006, your bonus was $26,442. Does that appear to be correct to you?

Q. You have no recollection at all of the amount of your bonus?

Q. Any reason to think that's not a correct number?

Q. And then in 2007, your bonus goes up to $35,904. Do you have a recollection as to why your bonus increased?

Q. And so fair to say that it relates, at least in part, to the increased sales of controlled substances?

Q. Okay. And then in 2008, your bonus jumps to $119,096. Do you recall the reason for that significant increase in your bonus?

Q. That must have been a -- you must have been pleased with that bonus.

Q. Well, it's a significant increase over the prior year. You don't have any recollection of receiving that bonus?

Q. And you don't have any recollection as to why in 2008 your sales bonus would go up so much?

Q. Okay. So, again, in part due to the controlled substances you were selling?

Q. And then in 2009, your bonus is $101,283, and same question, the amount of your bonus was tied, at least in part, to the controlled substances you were selling?

Q. And in 2010, your bonus is $110,335, again tied, at least in part, to the controlled substances you were selling?

Q. And in 2011, you're just shy of six figures at $98,295. Do you recall why your bonus went down a bit that year?

Q. Do you recall whether that was due, at least in part, to a decrease in the amount of controlled substances you were selling?

Q. 2008 through 2011, fair to describe those as very good years for you based on these bonuses?

Q. Compared to 2007.

Q. Okay. Higher is good?

Q. Do you recall what products you were selling a lot of in the 2008 through 2011 time period?

Q. Was that a time period in which your clients were purchasing a significant amount of oxycodone?

Q. What -- what other products were your clients purchasing more of to a significant degree in this time period other than oxy?

Q. So there's nothing about that time period in oxy sales, for example, that particularly stands out to you?

Q. Do you recall if there were products other than oxycodone that had skyrocketing sales during this time period?

Q. Well, let me back up. Did the sale of oxycodone skyrocket for you and your distributor customers between 2008 and 2010?

Q. And when you say "molecules," do you mean other morphine molecules or what molecules are you talking about?

Q. And you're telling me now as you sit here, you don't recall whether the oxycodone sales were particularly explosive during this time period?

Q. Do you recall if there were any non-opioid products with skyrocketing sales during this time period?

Q. On which items?

Q. Were the years 2008 through 2011 the highest compensation years for you at Mallinckrodt?

Q. When you left Mallinckrodt, did you receive a severance?

Q. Why did you resign?

Q. Which organization was that?

Q. Okay.

Q. Mr. Borelli, you've been handed Exhibit 3, which is MNK-Tl 0002735515. This is an e-mail from you to Jane Williams dated January 20th, 2012. Is that the document in front of you?

Q. And Jane Williams was at this time your immediate supervisor?

Q. And so that it's clear, the address here is victorborelli@covidien.com. Can you explain the relationship between Covidien and Mallinckrodt?

Q. Your address is covidien.com, but your understanding is that you were a Mallinckrodt employee.

Q. And you functioned under the Mallinckrodt heading?

Q. But as we go through these documents, when we see references to Covidien and to Mallinckrodt, we're talking about the same --

Q. -- same company?

Q. If you could take a minute just to review that document.

Q. And while you are doing that, I will describe the document for the record. The subject is "Final Numbers for FY11," which I take means for year '11 -- full year '11. And you write: "Jane, please find my sales for FY11 attached in below." And then you describe your sales for '11. And if I understand this document correctly, you're also responding to the sales goals that were presented to you in 2011; is that correct?

Q. And you discuss a number of the drugs that you were selling, and they all appear to be -- or most of them are opioid products; is that correct?

Q. And that includes hydro-APAPs, oxy 15 and 30. What is methylphenidate?

Q. Is that an opioid product or something else?

Q. Another product listed here is "fen patch." I take it that's fentanyl patch?

Q. And that's a -- that's an opioid, correct?

Q. And another product listed is "fent loz." I take it that's fentanyl lozenges?

Q. And that's an opioid as well?

Q. And the list continues, but there's a variety of other products, most of which are opioid products, correct?

Q. Okay. But then going down, Oxy-IR, opioid?

Q. And morphine tabs are obviously opioid?

Q. Methadone, on the next page, is an opioid?

Q. And if you go back up to the middle of the first page, you write: "First half quota target 75 mm with historical sales of 119.9 mm annually. This is a 25 percent growth goal to get to 100 percent on the sales side." So if I'm understanding this document correctly, you're -- you were asked to increase your sales by 25 percent for -- for 2012; is that correct?

Q. And a lot of the products that you were selling that would -- you would need to increase the sales of during that time period would be opioid products, correct?

Q. You've been handed what's been marked Exhibit 4. And I would read the Bates stamp, but my hole punch is right through the middle of it. It appears to be MNK-T1, ending with the numbers 2520. Do you recognize the document that's in front of you?

Q. Is this a document you've seen before?

Q. Can you please describe what it is.

Q. And so on the first --

Q. And by your territory, you mean your customers?

Q. And so your name appears on the top left corner, and below that, there are a list of your customers.

Q. Correct? And the second column says "2008," and it has -- it says "Net sales objectives." So those were your objectives for those customers for that year, correct?

Q. And then moving down those columns, there are also columns that show your net sales for time periods October through July, and then after that, a "Net sales quota attainment." Do you see that?

Q. And so that quota attainment means the extent to which you met the objective or -- or didn't or exceeded it; is that correct?

Q. And so if you go down the list, Masters was one of your clients, correct?

Q. And Masters is a wholesale distributor?

Q. And they were -- this shows that they were a Mallinckrodt customer during this time period.

Q. And your sales objective for Masters in 2008 was $220,814. Do you see that?

Q. And your actual sales from October through July were $2,614,517. Do you see that?

Q. And then the goals quota attainment says 1,421 percent. Do you see that?

Q. So you exceeded the goal for Masters for that time period by 1,421 percent. Right?

Q. And in fact, if you go down the list, there's a number of your customers where you significantly exceeded the -- the goal set for you for 2008, right?

Q. And overall, your -- your FY08 totals for quota were at 130 percent.

Q. Do you recall what the -- what product Masters was buying from Mallinckrodt at such a rate that you were able to exceed your sales goal by 1,421 percent?

Q. So no particular product stood out as you -- as you recall now?

Q. And do you recall if their sales were dominated by any particular product?

Q. Okay. But there's nothing as you sit here today that stands out in your mind about the amount of oxy, for example, that they purchased from you?

Q. And again, to answer my question, there's nothing that stands out about the amount of oxy they were purchasing from you.

Q. Okay. And if you look at another client of yours on here is KeySource Medical, and you exceeded their goal by 167 percent. Same question, is there anything about -- any particular product as you sit here today that you recall dominating the purchases of KeySource Medical from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. Same question again, oxy doesn't stand out as one that they purchased more of than anything else?

Q. And you don't recall the amount they buying dominating the other products they purchased from you?

Q. Okay.

Q. You've been handed what's marked Exhibit 5. And do you recognize this document, Mr. Borelli?

Q. Okay. And that different year is 2009, correct?

Q. And again, the first column has your name and it lists your customers. And the list --

Q. -- of customers is not exactly the same. Is that because of the realignment that you were discussing previously?

Q. So if you go back to Exhibit 4 and look at Masters. Mr. Borelli, if you go back at the other document --

Q. -- and you look at the sales goal for Masters, you see that the sales goal for Masters in 2008 was $220,000; is that correct?

Q. And the sales goal for Masters in 2009 is $7,473,255. Do you see that?

Q. And I won't have you do the math in your head, but that's an increase of about 34 times. Does that look about right?

Q. Yeah. Well, you can look at the number 200,000 and see that 7,473,000 is many times -- the goal for Masters in 2009 was many multiples -- in fact, 34 times larger than the goal of 2008. Correct?

Q. So in 2008, you significantly exceeded your sales quota by 1,420 percent, and the response in 2009 was to increase your sales goal significantly, right?

Q. Okay. And then looking down that list, in 2009, you also significantly exceeded your quota, correct? On Exhibit 5.

Q. And on this page from October through December, it was 189 percent. And if you flip to the --

Q. And if you flip to the second to last page in that exhibit. And that has the results for October through February net sales. If you go down to Masters, you see that you exceeded the quota by 178.6 percent. Correct?

Q. And if we go back to 2008 in Exhibit 4 again, to the prior document you looked at, and you pick out another client, say KeySource Medical, in 2008, the sales goal or objective for KeySource was 515,127. Do you see that?

Q. And then if you look at Exhibit 5, in 2009, the sales goal for key -- for KeySource goes up to 1,977,000; is that correct?

Q. So again, you beat the sales goal in 2008, and as a result, your objective increased.

Q. You can answer.

Q. That when you beat your sales quota for KeySource in 2008, when 2009 rolled around, your sales objective had increased significantly.

Q. Mr. Borelli, you been just -- you've just been handed Exhibit 6. This is the -- the same spreadsheet but for 2010; is that correct?

Q. And so, again, on the first column, it has your name, Victor Borelli, and below that it has a list of your customers. Okay?

Q. And if you looked at the -- look back at the prior exhibit for 2009, and you look at KeySource, you see that your sales objective for KeySource was 1,097,000, right?

Q. You exceeded it. Right?

Q. And then if you flip forward to 2010, your sales goal for KeySource goes to 11,401,713. Do you see that?

Q. And again, that's a very significant increase over the prior year's sales goal, right?

Q. More than ten times larger, right?

Q. Mr. Borelli, I asked you previously at the beginning if you had reviewed any documents to prepare for your deposition. Do you recall that?

Q. And did any of the documents that you reviewed refresh your recollection about -- about your time at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And which documents that you recall refreshed your recollection about your employment at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And for the documents that refreshed your recollection -- there were some documents that refreshed your recollection, correct?

Q. And so when you saw the body of the e-mail, that refreshed your recollection about the subject matter of the e-mail, right?

Q. You can answer.

Q. And so can you please generally describe any document that when you read the document, it refreshed your recollection of your employment at Mallinckrodt?

Q. In your earlier testimony we talked about your phone, and you indicated that you did use text messaging with customers. Do you recall how frequently that occurred?

Q. And do you recall if your phone was provided to you by Mallinckrodt or if it was a personal phone?

Q. When you were selling coffee for Sara Lee, do you recall what your -- what your largest selling product was?

Q. Mr. Borelli, you understand that opioids are controlled substances, correct?

Q. And you understand that opioids are narcotics; is that correct?

Q. And you are aware that the manufacturer -- the manufacture and distribution of narcotics must comply with the Controlled Substances Act?

Q. And I take it that you also understand that the Controlled Substances Act requires persons who handle controlled substances to register with the DEA?

Q. Sure. You understand that the Controlled Substances Act requires persons who handle controlled substances to register with the DEA?

Q. Do you know whether people who are involved in the business of manufacturing and selling and distributing controlled substances have to have a DEA registration to do so?

Q. You understand that?

Q. And -- and drug manufacturers are among the entities that must register with the DEA in order to sell narcotics, correct?

Q. Are you familiar with the concept of the closed system of controlled substance distribution? Do you know what that means?

Q. You do know, however -- however, that if you are not a registrant under the Controlled Substances Act, you are not allowed to distribute controlled substances, correct?

Q. And if you are a registrant with the DEA, you must comply with the requirements as set forth by the DEA for the distribution, manufacture or dispensing of controlled substances, correct?

Q. So, for example, you, Victor Borelli, can't just decide to send a friend opioids just because Mallinckrodt is a registrant under the DEA, correct?

Q. You must at all times comply with the requirements of the DEA registration, right?

Q. And it would be illegal to distribute controlled substances in a manner that is not authorized by a DEA registration, right?

Q. So if you, for example, distributed controlled substances to an acquaintance, that would be illegal under the DEA registration that Mallinckrodt has, correct?

Q. And so if a friend of a friend calls you and says, Hey, Victor, can you send me 50 bottles of OxyContin to my favorite pharmacy, that would be illegal, correct?

Q. So that would be illegal if you did that, correct?

Q. Right.

Q. Okay. And so if a friend of a friend called you and said, Hey, can you tell one of your distributor clients to send me 50 bottles of OxyContin, that also would be illegal, correct?

Q. Okay. If a friend of a friend called you and said, Victor, can you please tell one of your customers to send 50 bottles of OxyContin for my use at my favorite pharmacy, that would not be consistent with your DEA registration; is that correct? With Mallinckrodt's DEA registration.

Q. That's not something you would ever do.

Q. I understand. But going back to what I was asking you, if a friend of a friend contacted you and said, Victor, can you please ask one of your distributor customers to send me 50 bottles of OxyContin to my favorite pharmacy, that would be illegal, correct?

Q. Is that something that you would do?

Q. I'm not asking if it's an out-of-stock in the marketplace. I'm asking you if a friend of

Q. Is that --

Q. So you believe that Mallinckrodt's DEA registration allows you to receive a request from

Q. -- that Mallinckrodt could do that consistent with its DEA registration?

Q. Or you just don't know.

Q. So you can think of reasons to do that if that pharmacy is out of stock?

Q. Can you think of any other reasons?

Q. So you, the director of sales at Mallinckrodt, takes into account patient preference when making a decision to send narcotics to a pharmacy?

Q. So you don't think there's anything wrong with a friend of a friend calling you and asking you to have a distributor client of yours send OxyContin to a pharmacy.

Q. Is that something that happened a lot, friends of friends would call you and ask you to send narcotics places?

Q. Do you recall it ever happening?

Q. And you understand that the Controlled Substances Act requires Mallinckrodt to have a system of controls to prevent diversion, correct?

Q. And what is diversion?

Q. Well, describe diversion as best you can.

Q. If a dispensing physician prescribes opioids for reasons other medical necessity, is that diversion?

Q. Whether there is or not, if a dispensing physician prescribes opioids for reasons other than medical necessity, is that diversion?

Q. So are you saying that if there is a prescription prescribing for reasons that are not medical necessity, it's not diversion?

Q. Well, I'm asking you to explain. Explain the best you can.

Q. Well, so are you saying that if there's

Q. I'm asking you that. Is that your understanding?

Q. Can you answer the question or not?

Q. In the trainings that you received at Mallinckrodt, did you receive any trainings on what constitutes diversion?

Q. Is it possible for a distributor that you supplied pills to to engage in diversion?

Q. Or any -- any type of diversion. Is that something that you ever evaluated, whether a distributor client was engaged in diversion?

Q. Do you understand that the Controlled Substances Act also required Mallinckrodt to have

Q. And describe, if you can, your understanding of how the suspicious order monitoring system worked at Mallinckrodt.

Q. So you're saying you weren't involved at all in the suspicious order monitoring process at Mallinckrodt?

Q. And so what types of things would that department ask you?

Q. Did you have an understanding of what kinds of things the suspicious order monitoring department was looking for?

Q. Okay. So you just sold the pills to distributors, and that was kind of the end of your involvement.

Q. But your job didn't involve helping Mallinckrodt identify suspicious orders?

Q. Well, in what way did it?

Q. And when you were visiting customers and seeing their operation, were you evaluating whether they were engaged in shipping suspicious orders?

Q. Okay. Did you try and get a sense of whether your customers were engaged in diversion?

Q. What does that mean?

Q. Did you try to do that? Did you try to understand your customer to know whether they were engaged in diversion?

Q. So you're saying you had no visibility -- after you sold pills to the distributor, that's where your visibility stopped on what happened to those pills.

Q. Now, you do understand that Mallinckrodt had a legal duty to identify and stop suspicious orders to its distributor clients, right?

Q. You can answer.

Q. And is it also your understanding that Mallinckrodt had a duty to identify suspicious sales by its distributor customers to their downstream clients?

Q. Do you understand that the purpose of the closed system for opioid distribution and the regulations that go with it is to minimize theft and diversion of controlled substances?

Q. And if a registrant fails to satisfy its obligations under the Controlled Substances Act, that could result in controlled substances being diverted, right?

Q. If a registrant such as Mallinckrodt distributes to distributors without regard to what that distributor is going to do with the pills it's buying from Mallinckrodt, that could contribute to diversion, correct?

Q. Can you answer?

Q. But I'm asking if they did.

Q. If that were to occur, that would -- that would be a problem, right, because that would increase the risk of diversion?

Q. If they shipped --

Q. Yeah, I understand. If they shipped to a distributor who was -- who Mallinckrodt was aware recklessly dispensed to downstream customers, recklessly shipped to downstream customers, that would increase the risk of diversion, right?

Q. Would you agree that diversion contributes to drug abuse and addiction?

Q. Is diversion one of them?

Q. Could be or it is?

Q. Is there an opioid crisis in this country?

Q. Have you heard of the expression "the opioid epidemic"?

Q. And you understand that there is an ongoing opioid epidemic in this country?

Q. And when did you learn that there was an opioid epidemic in this country?

Q. And of course, you were involved in the sale of opioids, right?

Q. And during the time that you were selling opioids, were you aware there was an --

Q. -- opioid epidemic?

Q. Okay. But when you were selling opioids, prescription opioids, OxyContin, for example, did you know there was an opioid epidemic going on?

Q. And do you recall when you realized there was an opioid epidemic?

Q. Okay. So prior to what year?

Q. So when you started you already knew there was on opioid epidemic in this country?

Q. Did you evaluate the extent to which the opioid epidemic was impacted -- well, strike that. Did you evaluate the extent to which the opioid epidemic impacted the communities that were included in your sales region for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you investigate the extent to which pills manufactured by Mallinckrodt contributed to the opioid epidemic?

Q. Okay. Describe that.

Q. Okay. And you took those things into account how?

Q. Okay. Did you evaluate whether particular types of pills manufactured by Mallinckrodt were prone to abuse or diversion?

Q. And when you were selling opioid products for Mallinckrodt, were you aware that oxy 15 and 30 milligram tablets were the most widely abused and diverted prescription opioids?

Q. That's news to you?

Q. Did you know that your distributor clients purchased enormous quantities of Oxy 15 and 30?

Q. I'm going to ask my question again and see if I understand your answer. Did you know that your distributor clients purchased enormous quantities of Oxy 15 and 30, yes or no?

Q. Mr. Borelli, you knew how much Oxy 15 and 30 your clients were buying, correct?

Q. And you knew they were buying a lot, correct?

Q. How about relative to what they were buying before, the amount they were buying was increasing significantly, correct?

Q. Just sitting here today, you just can't recall any trends with Oxy 15 and 30 and your clients. Is that what you're saving?

Q. Again, and we'll get into more specific documents, but as you sit here today, there aren't any trends with Oxy 15 and 30 in the time period where your bonuses were very large that you recall.

Q. Correct.

Q. And you were aware of that.

Q. But you do know whether they were increasing in certain areas, right?

Q. It's not news to you that the sale of Oxy in Florida was increasing significantly during the time that you were selling Oxy to your distributor clients, right?

Q. Mr. Borelli, you understand that over time, during the time where the opioid epidemic was ongoing, which you said you knew about, overall the amount of opioids being sold in this country increased year over year, right?

Q. That's not news to you.

Q. Can you explain to me what a chargeback is?

Q. Let me try and understand. Chargeback payments are made by Mallinckrodt to distributor clients, correct?

Q. And why does Mallinckrodt pay distributor clients chargebacks?

Q. And isn't the idea if the Mallinckrodt distributor customer sells to its downstream customer at a price lower than the price that that distributor purchased from Mallinckrodt, Mallinckrodt would make up the difference with a chargeback?

Q. Right. The contract price is the price at which the drug was purchased from Mallinckrodt?

Q. Tell me what you mean by "contract price."

Q. Okay. And so if the customer distributor sold to a downstream customer at a price lower than the contract price, Mallinckrodt would then pay a chargeback to the distributor to get the distributor to the contract price; is that right?

Q. That's your understanding.

Q. And was there competition among manufacturers over the amount of the chargeback payments that were being paid to wholesalers?

Q. And would you agree that the chargeback payment to a distributor provides that distributor with an incentive to sell Mallinckrodt's products to its downstream customers?

Q. So that contract price becomes kind of a guarantee when the chargeback is taken into account, right?

Q. And distributor -- wholesale distributor clients are more likely to purchase product from Mallinckrodt if they know that if they sell that product below the contract price, Mallinckrodt will make them whole, right?

Q. And then they would get a chargeback, right?

Q. Right. Again, I want to make sure I understand. You have a distributor; they negotiate a contract price with Mallinckrodt.

Q. The distributor sells to a downstream customer at a price that's lower than the contract price. Mallinckrodt then pays money to the distributor to get them to the contract price. They don't lose money on that sale, right?

Q. So when would a distributor receive a chargeback payment? What would be the circumstances that would require that?

Q. So it's your understanding --

Q. Okay. So the chargeback, it's not paid at the moment that the distributor purchases the product from Mallinckrodt, right?

Q. And that's because the chargeback is based on the price that the wholesaler sells to the pharmacy or other downstream customer, correct?

Q. Did you track how much was paid to your distributor clients in chargebacks?

Q. You understand that Mallinckrodt collected information from its distributor clients about their sales to downstream customers, correct?

Q. And that information was collected in what was called the chargeback system, right?

Q. And the chargeback system was a database of sales transaction information between distributors and customers, correct?

Q. And it also tracked Mallinckrodt sales to its distributors, right?

Q. Right. But the database that was maintained by Mallinckrodt that was used for chargebacks tracked the sales by Mallinckrodt to its distributors and by its distributors to the downstream customers, correct?

Q. And you know that because you worked with that data, right?

Q. But you -- you received reports, you received information, you received printouts from the chargeback system, right?

Q. But you understood that Mallinckrodt collected this information, put it in something called the chargeback system, so that it could determine if it owed chargebacks to its distributor clients, right?

Q. That's your understanding?

Q. Mr. Borelli, you've been handed Exhibit 7, which is three documents, a cover e-mail and two spreadsheets. For the record, the cover e-mail is MNK-Tl 0000448872. This is an e-mail from Lisa Lundergan to you, with a cc to John Adams, Kate Muhlenkamp, and it's dated July 10th, 2009. The subject is "Sunrise Reports," and there are two attachments and those are the two attachments to the e-mail. And I'll read the e-mail. It says: "Please find attached the requested reports. The first report is all DEA numbers that have been shipped product from Sunrise in the past 12 months. The second report is a chargeback report by DEA and SKU showing Sunrise sales as well as other wholesalers. Please let me know if you need anything else." Do you see that?

Q. And this e-mail attaches two spreadsheets that apparently you asked for; is that correct? That's what the cover e-mail indicates?

Q. And if you look at the first spreadsheet, it tracks all product shipped to Sunrise. Right? So flip over to the --

Q. Well, it says: "Please let me know if you need anything else." So, does that not suggest to you that you asked for this information.

Q. It says: "Please find the attached -- please find attached the requested reports." So --

Q. Do you have any reason to doubt that you sent this e-mail to Lisa Lundergan --

Q. -- and that you received an e-mail from Lisa Lundergan in which she said, "Please find attached the requested reports"?

Q. So when she sends you an e-mail saying, "Please find attached the requested reports," you're saying you don't think vou asked for these reports. Or you just don't recall.

Q. Now, if you would look at the first spreadsheet --

Q. -- the middle column is "Pricing contract," and it says "Sunrise wholesalers." Do you see that?

Q. And Sunrise wholesalers is a distributor customer of Mallinckrodt's, right?

Q. And it was your client?

Q. And you see that there are a number -- number of fields in this spreadsheet, and we'll walk through them. There's net sales, pricing quantity, product description, SKU, pricing contract, and then the -- and then ship-to customer name. Do you see that?

Q. And then next to that is DEA number. And is it your understanding that the information in this report comes out of the chargeback system that Mallinckrodt maintains?

Q. And that chargeback system, as we can see from the spreadsheet, includes the name of Mallinckrodt's distributor. Right?

Q. That's Sunrise. It also includes the name of the person or clinic or entity to which the distributor sent the product. Is that right?

Q. And that -- that person to which the product was shipped by the distributor is the downstream customer; is that correct?

Q. And so in this report, Mallinckrodt is tracking the sales of its distributor clients to their downstream customers, correct?

Q. You can answer.

Q. And they're collecting information about that downstream customer, including the DEA registration number. Correct?

Q. So if there is a downstream customer identified here, Mallinckrodt has the DEA registration number, and you're also aware that Mallinckrodt collects the address of that downstream customer and the -- the type and quantity of pills purchased by Mallinckrodt.

Q. And so, for example, all of these Sunrise purchases, and there are pages of them in this exhibit, are all for oxycodone 30 and oxycodone 15, right?

Q. That's correct. There's hydromorphone, there's methadone. But everything on this spreadsheet is an opioid, correct?

Q. And while you're flipping through that, Mr. Borelli, you see that the vast majority of these entries are for oxycodone HCL 30 milligram and oxycodone HCL 15 milligram, correct?

Q. Yeah, the vast majority of these Sunrise purchases from Mallinckrodt are for oxy 15 and 30, correct?

Q. And so from this report, which is taken out of the chargeback system, Mallinckrodt knows the distributor that purchased the product, they know the product that was purchased, they know the product that was shipped, they know the amount that was shipped, and they know the name and address and DEA registration number of the downstream customer.

Q. You can put that one aside, Mr. Borelli.

Q. Mr. Borelli, you've just been handed Exhibit 8. Now, you understand that -- that in the chargeback system, Mallinckrodt could sort the data based upon your distributor customer or any of the other fields in the database, right?

Q. But that's your understanding.

Q. And what I've handed you is a sort of the chargeback data that we put together. Mallinckrodt produced the chargeback data in Excel native format. And so we went through the chargeback data and we sorted the way Mallinckrodt could sort on Mallinckrodt's customer Sunrise. And I would like you to go through, and we can just again identify the full collection of fields that Mallinckrodt has available to it in the chargeback system. And so we've printed this over several pages so that we can actually see each of the fields. And I'll just walk through them with me, and you tell me if you see that field. The first field on this Exhibit 8 is, "A. Sold Via Child Number," and you see underneath that it's Sunrise Wholesale, Inc., right?

Q. So the child in that designation is Mallinckrodt's wholesale distribution customer, correct?

Q. Okay. Let's just walk through the fields then --

Q. -- and make sure we understand what they are. The second column is the child address. That appears to be the address of Sun -- Sunrise Wholesale, right?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. And so it's the address, and then the next column has the suite, and the next column has the city. That's the city where the distributor is, Sunrise.

Q. The next column has the state. That's Florida, right?

Q. And then you see the postal code for the distributor client for Sunrise, right?

Q. And then you see the column that says "Ship to Customer Number," right?

Q. And next to that it says "Ship to Customer Name."

Q. Right? And so what this spreadsheet shows is that in the chargeback system, you know the distributor, the distributor's address, you know the downstream customer, right? That's First Choice Pharmacy here, right?

Q. And then if you flip to the next page, "Ship to Customer Address," that's the address of the downstream customer, right?

Q. Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And then you see that it has the city of the downstream customer. That's Fort Lauderdale, right?

Q. And next to that you have the state. That's the state where the downstream customer resides, right?

Q. And the postal code?

Q. Right? And then you have a DEA number for the downstream customer, right?

Q. And the product number, right? That's the designation of Mallinckrodt's product number?

Q. Okay. And then if you flip to the next page, you have the product description, correct? And so here you have oxycodone HCL 30 milligram tabs, USP, right? So you have that information in the chargeback system.

Q. That's the product shipped by your distributor to your downstream customer at the address indicated there in Florida.

Q. You have an order number, correct? Do you see that, column R?

Q. And then next to that you have the order type, it says "HS." Do you know what HS is?

Q. Okay. Then there's an order type description, and it says "Distributor sales history feed," right?

Q. And moving down the line, you have an order line type, right? Do you see that field?

Q. And next to that you have the order line type description, and it says "Chargeback unit detail." Right?

Q. And there's an invoice number, right?

Q. And next to that is an invoice date. That's the date that that product was sold by your distributor customer to their downstream customer, right?

Q. And then the process date. That's when that downstream customer's order was processed, right? And then next to that, you see the partner batch ID, right?

Q. So you have the ID of that downstream customer.

Q. Okay. And then moving along, you have a number of other fields, including column AE is the gross sales.

Q. That's the gross sales to that downstream customer of Mallinckrodt's distributor client. There's a column for the chargebacks, right? Do you see that?

Q. And there's a net sales, so presumably that would be the gross sales less the chargeback payment, right?

Q. And then it shows in AH the quantities shipped, right?

Q. And AI, the sales quantity government UOM. Do you know what that metric is, government UOM?

Q. That's not something that you saw before when you were working with chargeback data?

Q. All right.

Q. But as we saw from the e-mail, you received reports that contained chargeback information out of the chargeback system, right?

Q. Mr. Borelli, you're being handed Exhibit 9. Exhibit 9, for the record, is a list of the fields that we just went through that were taken out of the Excel spreadsheet produced by Mallinckrodt from its chargeback system. And do you see that it's columns A through AI, Mr. Borelli, and those are the columns that we were just talking about that were in that report we went through, right?

Q. That's my only question on the exhibit.

Q. Right. And that page has column names and those were the names from the exhibit we just went through. Correct?

Q. Okay.

Q. Mr. Borelli, you saw in Exhibit 7 an e-mail from Ms. Lundergan that included chargeback reports, and that report was sorted by -- by Sunrise, correct? Certain information regarding Sunrise was isolated and we went through that information, and on occasion, you received these chargeback reports, so you do have some familiarity with the data that's contained in them, right?

Q. And just to be clear, the style was created by us.

Q. We went into the --

Q. -- Excel spreadsheet, we printed that document. But the spreadsheet from Ms. Lundergan was a Mallinckrodt produced spreadsheet, so that style you were familiar with.

Q. Mr. Borelli --

Q. -- you've been handed Exhibit 10. This is another printout from the Mallinckrodt spreadsheet that we created, and so you might not be familiar with the -- with the style of this one as well. But as we talked about, you saw a printout from -- previously from Ms. Lundergan that sorted on Sunrise, so you know that you can go into this database and you can sort based on the different fields in order to collect information. And on occasion, you -- you received reports that were sorted in various ways, correct?

Q. I understand that you didn't sort the data, but you received printouts from the system --

Q. -- that was sorted --

Q. -- according to various fields, correct?

Q. Okay. So in this printout, we have gone through and instead of sorting just on Sunrise, we also sorted on Sunrise's downstream customer Barry Schultz. So do you see the ship to customer name and the name Barry Schultz?

Q. Sir, do you see the field "Ship to customer name" and it says Barry Schultz?

Q. Okay. So you see that Sunrise Wholesale, that's the child customer name, and we talked about what that means before. Sunrise Wholesale is Mallinckrodt's distributor client, right?

Q. And that was your client. Sunrise was your client?

Q. Okay. And then the ship to customer name, Barry Schultz, that's the downstream customer of Sunrise -- of Sunrise, correct?

Q. And since there's a physician listed in here, that indicates that this is a dispensing physician, right? Those are the only physicians that would receive shipments from your wholesale clients, right?

Q. Okay. So you don't know --

Q. Okay. But this downstream customer is not a pharmacy. It's an individual physician, right?

Q. And it's Barry Schultz, MD, correct?

Q. Okay. And you can move down -- again, this is information printed out from Mallinckrodt's chargeback system or the Excel spreadsheets that were produced, you can move down the line and you can see where Mr. Schultz lives, you can see his address or at least where he works.

Q. Right. And the product number, you see that?

Q. That's the SKU, that's something that Mallinckrodt can track so it knows every -- everything that went from Sunrise Wholesale to Barry Schultz had a product number, right?

Q. And you can also see there's a product description. Right?

Q. So every drug that was sold by Sunrise to Barry Schultz, you have the product number in this data, and you also -- and "you," I mean Mallinckrodt -- has the type of drug that was sent to Mr. Schultz, correct?

Q. And so you can go down this spreadsheet, which again is a sort on Barry Schultz and Sunrise, and you can see that every product purchased by Barry Schultz from Sunrise was a Mallinckrodt-made oxycodone 30 or 15 milligram tablet, right?

Q. On this spreadsheet --

Q. -- right? And you can see the invoice date for every single sale to Barry Schultz by Sunrise, correct?

Q. And you can see the gross sales, right?

Q. And you can see if there's a chargeback that was paid to Sunrise for its sale to Barry Schultz, right?

Q. And you can see the net sales, right?

Q. And you can see the quantity shipped from Sunrise to their downstream customer, Barry Schultz, right?

Q. And then again, you can see the sales quantity government UOM, and there is a number, 2,000, 3,000, 600, right?

Q. And there's not any data on this printout that we've provided to you that you -- that is unfamiliar to you, right? All of these -- these fields are information that you have seen at one time or another in information presented out of the chargeback system.

Q. Let me ask you another way.

Q. Right. All of this information is information that you know is maintained in the chargeback system, right?

Q. So, Mr. Borelli, earlier you answered a question of mine about what Mallinckrodt could see after it sold its pills to the distributors that were its clients, and I asked you -- so you're saying you had no visibility after you sold pills to the distributor, that's where your visibility stopped on what happened to those pills. And you answered yeah. Okay. And let me ask you again based on what we went through, and maybe I'll ask it in a way that makes more sense to you. It's certainly the case that Mallinckrodt knew exactly where its pills were sent by its distributor clients, correct?

Q. It's clear that Mallinckrodt in this chargeback system data knew for every transaction by a distributor client who the downstream customer was for that transaction, right?

Q. You can answer.

Q. And there's nothing terribly unique about sorting on Dr. Schultz. Mallinckrodt could also sort on any other downstream customer, including pharmacies, right?

Q. But so when it says the field "Ship to customer name," those are the customers of the distributors and distributors' customers were not just individual physicians, right? They were also pharmacies and pain clinics and other customers of the distributor, right?

Q. Are you aware of whether downstream customers are also referred to as customers of customers for Mallinckrodt? Have you heard that terminology before?

Q. And is that your understanding of customers of customers are -- are the downstream customers of your customers?

Q. And again, Mallinckrodt in this chargeback system had detailed information about the shipment of Mallinckrodt products between its distributor clients and all of its downstream customers, right?

Q. But that's your understanding, that you were tracking the downstream customers of your distributors.

Q. And pharmacies are also downstream customers of your distributor clients.

Q. And would you agree that it would not be accurate to say that Mallinckrodt lacked detailed information about the shipment of its products between its distributor clients and pharmacies?

Q. But, sir, based upon the information that you've looked through and the chargeback system reports that you received in your time at Mallinckrodt, you do know that the chargeback data included downstream customers that were pharmacies, right?

Q. Right, that's a fair point. I'd like to know what -- just what you know. So you think --

Q. You would agree based on what you've seen that it would not be accurate to say that Mallinckrodt lacked detailed information about its distributor sales to its downstream customers who were pharmacies.

Q. Your answer was "I believe so"?

Q. Okay. You weren't in that department, but again, we've gone through these fields and you see that -- that there's a customer name, and the customer name is the customer of the distributor, and that can be a pharmacy or that can be a pain clinic, right? Or that can be a dispensing physician, right?

Q. Okay. It's not your understanding that the chargeback system does not also track sales by your distributors to pharmacies?

Q. Put it more simply, the chargeback system also tracks sales by distributors to pharmacies.

Q. And from the chargeback data, Mallinckrodt could determine whether a distributor client ordered a limited variety of controlled substances, such as oxy 15s and 30s, while ordering few, if any, other types of drugs, right? So you could see if the -- if the downstream customer was only ordering oxy and was not ordering anything else from Mallinckrodt.

Q. And you could determine whether a downstream customer was ordering an excessive number of pills from the chargeback system because you could see exactly how many pills that downstream customer was ordering from your distributor customer, right?

Q. Okay. You could see the amount of pills that any downstream customer ordered from any distributor.

Q. And so Mallinckrodt could assess from that data in however it chose to do so whether that order was excessive or not, right?

Q. And you could see from the chargeback data whether a downstream customer ordered from a variety of Mallinckrodt distributor clients, right?

Q. So you --

Q. Okay.

Q. I'm showing you what's been marked Exhibit 11. This is another printout that we did from the chargeback system data produced by Mallinckrodt. And you'll see that this exhibit sorts on the customer Harvard Drug. Do you see that?

Q. And Harvard Drug was another distributor client of Mallinckrodt's, right?

Q. Okay. And you also see, if you go down the line to "Ship to customer name," that Barry Schultz was also buying Mallinckrodt oxy 15 and 30s from Harvard Drug, right?

Q. Okay. So you see his name, ship to customer name, Barry Schultz, and if you go back to the left, you can see "Sold via child customer name, and it says "Harvard Drug." Do you see that?

Q. You see the second column is customer name and it says Harvard Drug, right?

Q. But then you also see the next column over, it says "dba," that's doing business as, right, "First Veterinary Supply." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So what this data shows, which again has been pulled from the chargeback system data produced by Mallinckrodt, is that Barry Schultz, in addition to purchasing oxy 15s and 30s, which you can see the drug type on the next page, in addition to purchasing from Sunrise, was also purchasing from another distributor client of yours, Harvard Drug, that was doing business as First Veterinary Supply, right?

Q. Right. Would you --

Q. Well, the date is -- all of these transactions were between January and February 2010.

Q. And whether you had that client or not, this is information that resided in Mallinckrodt's chargeback data, right?

Q. And so Barry Schultz, as we saw in an earlier exhibit, was purchasing from Sunrise, and Barry Schultz is an MD, right? That's what the chargeback system said. And on this exhibit, you see that in addition to purchasing from another distributor client of yours, he was being sent pills from a company that was listed as a veterinary supply company, right?

Q. So if you had seen this data when you still worked at Mallinckrodt, would you have thought it unusual and perhaps suspicious that a medical doctor was receiving oxy 15 and 30 from a company doing business as First Veterinary Supply?

Q. Does that seem suspicious to you?

Q. Are vets MDs?

Q. So you would agree with me that if someone had looked at this data, and I'm not saying that you did, but if someone had, they could have seen that Mr. -- or Dr. Schultz was, in addition to ordering pills from one of your customers, Sunrise, as a medical MD -- and by pills, I mean oxy 15 and 30 -- was also ordering more oxy 15 and 30 from another Mallinckrodt distributor customer, but this time a veterinary supply company.

Q. That's all information that's in the chargeback system, right?

Q. Right. But you know what a suspicious order is, right?

Q. Right, sir, but you were not --

Q. Right.

Q. Understood. But, sir, even without particular training on what is or isn't a suspicious order, in your years of selling opioids, you would agree with me that when a medical doctor orders opioids from a vet -- from a veterinary supply company, that has to be considered a suspicious order, right?

Q. Can you think of any legitimate reason why a medical doctor orders opioids from a veterinary supply company?

Q. So if the doctor has a DEA registration number, even if he orders from a veterinary supply company, from where you sit and what you understand, that doesn't trigger any suspicious order alarms in your head.

Q. You can answer.

Q. That's a hard question to answer, whether a doctor, a medical doctor buying opioids, oxy 15 and 30, from a veterinary supply company appears suspicious?

Q. Okay.

Q. Mr. Borelli, you've been handed what's marked Exhibit 12, which has Bates stamp MNK-T1 0000562327. And this is an e-mail string, and the end of the string, it's a message from you dated August 4th, 2009, to Bill Ratliff, with a cc to Karen Harper. Who is Bill Ratliff?

Q. Well, later in the e-mail it indicates his signature --

Q. -- address is director of security.

Q. Is that your recollection? Does that refresh your recollection?

Q. Okay. And Karen Harper, what was her position at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Okay. So if you go to the very end of this string, you'll see a message from Dwayne Collins to Bill Ratliff. Do you see that?

Q. And do you see the subject line, "Florida medication coming into Tennessee"?

Q. And this is an e-mail that was sent from

Q. So in this e-mail from --

Q. No, I'll -- we can go through as I ask my questions. You'll see the other portions --

Q. -- of the string. I will say for the record that -- that the e-mail from Dwayne to Bill was then forwarded to -- from Bill to Karen Harper, and then from there it was forwarded to -- Karen Harper responded, and eventually the -- the whole series was cc'd to you --

Q. -- involving some discussion from you, and getting to the top of the e-mail, there is an e-mail from you that -- that is attached to your e-mail is all of this discussion, some of which you've now gone through.

Q. So the e-mail string starts on July 7, 2009, with an e-mail from Dwayne Collins, who is a detective in Tennessee, to the head of Mallinckrodt's security department. And if you look at the second paragraph of Mr. Collins' e-mail, he states: "My first eye-opening experience to the pharmaceutical sale of oxycodone sent me off into the direction of looking at the pharmacies that were filling the scripts. It was then that I found that we were dealing with several pain clinics in Florida where doctors were prescribing an abundant amount of oxycodone medication to numerous Tennesseans, especially within the jurisdiction that I'm assigned." And he goes on to say: "While I was working through this to determine the level of economic impact on oxycodone drug dealing, I came upon some information from a CI where I had three individuals who were coming up out of Florida on a regular basis, two- or three-week interval, and selling massive amounts of oxycodone, 30 milligrams." Do you see that? And Mr. Collins goes on to explain that he found some bottles of oxy 30, and when he looked at the label, he saw that they were manufactured by Mallinckrodt. Do you see that? And then from there he contacted the head of security at Mallinckrodt, and the head of security then, if you go to the page before that, you'll see there's an e-mail from Bill Ratliff dated July 10th, 2009, with a cc to Karen Harper, in which Mr. Ratliff is able to tell Mr. Collins exactly what was sold by Mallinckrodt's distributor customer to the doctor that prescribed those pills that ended up in Tennessee. Do you see that? And Mr. Ratliff says: "Dwayne, the doctor we discussed ordered the following during the last 12 months: 78 bottles oxy 15 milligram, 204 oxy 30 milligram, 20 methadone 10 milligram, and four hydromorphone. All came from the customer we discussed except the hydromorphone." Do you see that?

Q. And you understand that Mr. Ratliff was able to retrieve that information because of the sales transaction data maintained in the chargeback system, right?

Q. Okay. And then if you go to the e-mail moving forward in time, July 15th, 2009, from Bill Ratliff to a number of people, with a cc to Karen Harper, he describes a meeting that he then had. Why don't you read that e-mail. It starts on the second page of the exhibit and runs into the third. The e-mail at the bottom of that page from --

Q. -- "For information," yeah. Yes.

Q. You don't have to read it out loud. Just familiar yourself -- familiarize yourself with that.

Q. Okay. So what Mr. Ratliff writes to this series of people, and, again, this is in a string which is then attached to an e-mail that you sent, so you had this string. "For information, Karen Harper and I met with the St. Louis DEA diversion group supervisor, Pete Kleissle, this morning regarding the information below. We advised that Sunrise Wholesale Inc. was the only distributor residing in Florida that received this lot. In addition, we advised that Cardinal Health in Ohio has a distribution center in Florida and had received some of the lot. But the doctor listed on one of the 100 count bottles that was recovered only purchased oxy form Sunrise. "For background, Sunrise mainly sells to pain clinics and to dispensing doctors. One doctor was identified by an empty 100-count bottle found by one of two informants in the investigation. We tracked the doctor's purchases through our chargeback system. See below." So that confirms what you said previously, that this information that Mr. Ratliff was able to provide for Mr. Collins came from the chargeback system, right?

Q. Right.

Q. Right. But it's an e-mail string attached to an e-mail you sent, right?

Q. Do you have any recollection of this series of events?

Q. And do you recall that this doctor who was supplying all these pills that were going to Tennessee was identified by Mallinckrodt as Dr. Schultz?

Q. And do you recall that?

Q. I asked you -- yeah, I don't believe it says Dr. Schultz. I'm asking if you recall that this event related to Dr. Schultz.

Q. There's a number of e-mail --

Q. I'm showing you what's been marked Exhibit 13, which is a series of e-mails. Under the subject line, it says "Re: Pete Kleissle Oxy Investigation." Do you see that?

Q. And if you go back to the second to last page, you see the e-mail from Bill Ratliff that's addressed to you and John Adams and Karen Harper. Do you see that?

Q. And he writes: "The DEA diversion group supervisor recommended that we audit Sunrise as soon as possible. Please let me know the best way to accomplish that." Do you see that?

Q. And when you turn to the next page, in the middle of the page there's an e-mail from Karen Harper to Bill Ratliff that must have been forwarded to you because of the cc above. Or, I'm sorry, was not forwarded to you. Okay. Let's look at the middle of that page, the e-mail from Karen Harper.

Q. She writes towards the bottom of her e-mail: "I don't know anything about the chargeback access -- I don't know anything about the chargeback system, which is how we detected which physicians' pain clinics are receiving our product through Sunrise." Do you see that?

Q. And above that, Bill Ratliff, the director of security, responds: "Understood, but believe that John and Victor do know or can recommend someone." Right?

Q. So the director of security believed that you did know about the chargeback system and that's how you detected or Mallinckrodt detected which physicians' pain clinics are receiving our product through Sunrise, right?

Q. Okay. So he seemed to think that you understood how that system operated. Did you respond to his e-mail and say, I don't know anything about this, you have to contact somebody else?

Q. Right. You were involved in this Sunrise audit, though, right?

Q. Okay. And did you tell Mr. Ratliff at that time that -- that you did not understand anything about the chargeback system, or were you in fact working with the system to some degree and understood what was in it?

Q. You've been handed what's been marked Exhibit 14.

Q. MNK-T1 0000290041. The bottom half of that page is an e-mail from Cathy Stewart dated August 12, 2009, to Karen Harper and Bill Ratliff, and you are cc'd on that. Do you see that?

Q. And who is Cathy Stewart?

Q. And do you see the subject line of that e-mail?

Q. And it's "Sunrise chargeback summary.xls." Right?

Q. Okay. And I'll just read what she says. "Please review the attached summary worksheet. I took the chargeback file marketing provided and removed pharmacies. Then I removed purchases of methadone," and she lists a variety of other drugs, "methadone, methylphenidate, hydromorphone and oxy oral solutions, since the volumes were very small in comparison. Of the remaining oxy products, I reduced them to the lowest common denominator by taking the quantities sold times package size times milligram per dose. The data is for the period CY08 and CY09 through July." Do you see that?

Q. So this shows -- and again, this is a report that was to you -- Cathy Stewart taking chargeback data and sorting it based on a variety of characteristics in order to create a report.

Q. Well, a summary --

Q. Okay. But, nonetheless, the e-mail refers to the attached summary worksheet, and that was created by sorting the information in the chargeback system, according to this e-mail.

Q. Right? Now, Mr. Borelli, when you were working for Mallinckrodt and selling oxycodone, among other drugs, did it ever -- did you ever wonder what your distributor customers were doing with all of the oxy you were selling them?

Q. Okay. And did you -- since -- as we've seen, even if you didn't sort the chargeback system yourself, you received reports -- you knew you could receive reports out of the chargeback system, right?

Q. Okay. But you could have asked somebody in the chargeback system -- the chargeback department to sort data to give you a better understanding of where all the drugs, where all that oxy you were selling to your distributor clients was going when they sold it to their clients, right?

Q. Okay.

Q. Mr. Borelli, I'm handing you what's been marked Exhibit 15. And again, for the record, this is another printout that we created from the Excel file produced by Mallinckrodt, and at the front of the worksheet it indicates the Bates number of the -- of the spreadsheet itself that was produced by Mallinckrodt. And you can see that it was produced from MNK-T1 0000264291. And this is a sort of Sunrise sales of oxycodone 15 and 30 tabs. Do you see that at the header?

Q. And so using the chargeback system, you or someone else in the chargeback department could go into the system and could sort on a particular type of drug -- we saw this in the last e-mail -- and could sort on the quantity of drugs sold, correct?

Q. I understand.

Q. Again, you individually were not sorting data.

Q. But you could ask the chargeback department or other people at Mallinckrodt to sort the data so you, Victor Borelli, could see what your distributor clients were doing with the oxy, for example, that you sold those distributor clients, right? And this chart you have not seen before because we created it.

Q. And we created it from, again, the information produced by Mallinckrodt from the Excel file, and we have sorted -- knowing that it's possible to sort the chargeback data based upon the type of drug, the quantity of drug, and the downstream customer of Sunrise, we have sorted it that way, and what you will see is a list of the top ten customers of Sunrise.

Q. And this is information taken out of the chargeback system.

Q. And if you look at the top of -- of this top ten list, you'll see there is an individual Michael Shook. Do you see that?

Q. And Michael Shook, we learned from Mallinckrodt's chargeback system, between September 30th of 2008 and March 5th, 2010, purchased oxy 15 and 30, 134 different times for a total quantity of 728,400 UOM. Do you see that?

Q. And Michael Shook is an MD, so he is a dispensing physician. So, if you had asked the chargeback department to sort your distributor client Sunrise's sales to downstream customers, you could have created a list like this which showed the top downstream customers of your distributor clients, correct?

Q. Do you have any sense of whether one doctor ordering oxy 134 times to the tune of 728,400 UOM seems excessive?

Q. Okay. And had you done a sort like this and identified him as the single top purchasing downstream customer of Sunrise, you could have learned something about him, right?

Q. Okay. You could have -- or you could have asked somebody in security at Mallinckrodt to go visit this doctor's clinic, right? You could go see what kind of doctor in Florida orders 134 orders of oxy in this time period, 9/30 to to 3/10, right?

Q. Understood. If you or someone else--

Q. Who -- who chose the clinic that you visited with Louis Fisher with Sunrise?

Q. But, nonetheless, in the chargeback system you could have sorted in this way, you could have seen, or someone else at Mallinckrodt, that Michael Shook was the leading purchaser of your oxy, and you could have provided that information to Louis Fisher, and then you could have gone and visited his client.

Q. There's nothing about Michael Shook that was a secret to Mallinckrodt.

Q. Right?

Q. Right.

Q. Okay. But you agree that the chargeback system would allow you, if you asked, or anybody else, to sort so you could identify who is the single most frequent purchaser of oxy from our distributor client, Sunrise. That's something that you or anyone else at Mallinckrodt could have done, right?

Q. It was not a normal practice --

Q. -- for you.

Q. Was it a normal practice for Mallinckrodt?

Q. If Mallinckrodt had sent somebody out to your customers -- downstream customers, is that something that you probably would have found out about?

Q. I'm showing you what's been marked Exhibit 16. This is a short article with the headline "Florida physician gets four years in prison for operating pill mill." Do you see that, and the date on this is June 29, 2011?

Q. And it says: "Michael Shook, MD, of Oakland Park, Florida, has been sentenced to four years in prison for illegally prescribing painkillers to Kentuckians who travel to a Florida-based pill mill, according to a report by the Middlesboro Daily News." Is that what that says?

Q. Okay. And then if you skip a paragraph it says: "90 percent of patients at the pill mill were from Kentucky. Before writing prescriptions for oxycodone and methadone, Dr. Shook performed only limited examinations, if any at all. All the Kentucky visitors paid him in cash and filled the prescriptions at the clinic's in-house pharmacy." Do you see that?

Q. So do you think that if you had gone to this clinic and seen what was going on, that you would have seen a parking lot full of cars with out-of-state plates and cash transactions?

Q. Okay. From the description of this clinic, is there anything about it that sounds like it would have been difficult to see that people were coming in droves from out of state to buy pain pills from Dr. Shook?

Q. So if the information in this article is accurate, and there were people in droves from Kentucky traveling to this Florida-based pill mill, wouldn't you expect to see a lot of cars with out-of-state plates in that parking lot?

Q. You're bewildered by these questions. This is the person who purchased the most oxycodone of any of Sunrise customers, and Sunrise was your distributor customer, right?

Q. And you know your customers, right? That's your -- as a salesman, that's what your supposed to do, know your customers.

Q. Okay. And so your customer Sunrise, their number one client was Dr. Shook, right? And chargeback system data would have allowed you to see who the number one -- number one client was, right? And there's nothing that stopped you from asking someone at Mallinckrodt, if not yourself, go see what's going on there, this guy seems to be ordering an awful lot of oxy.

Q. I'll ask it again. Sunrise was your customer.

Q. They're a wholesale distributor, right?

Q. Sunrise was --

Q. Okay. Sunrise was purchasing large volumes of oxy from Mallinckrodt, right?

Q. The amount that Sunrise was purchasing increased significantly in a -- in 2008, 2009, 2010 time period. Do you recall that?

Q. Sunrise's number one customer was Michael Shook. You see that in the chargeback system, right?

Q. Do you believe Michael Shook is the kind of person that should be receiving Mallinckrodt- made oxycodone?

Q. Mr. Borelli, if you turn back to Exhibit 15, the list of Sunrise's top ten downstream customers, number 10 on that list is an individual physician named Nader Shehata. Do you see that?

Q. And you see that between March 2009 and June 2010, Mr. Shehata purchased oxy 15 and 30 102 times from Sunrise to the tune of 451,700 government UOM. Do you see that?

Q. So, again, if you or someone else at Mallinckrodt had sorted Sunrise's customers for the customers that purchased the most, and you made a top ten list, he would be on the top ten list, right?

Q. I'm showing you what's been marked Exhibit 16 -- I'm sorry, Exhibit 17. This is a press release from the DEA dated March 4th, 2011, with the heading "DEA to Doctor, 'You've Been Served.'" And this is in Miami, Florida, and if you read down in that paragraph, it says: "The DEA's investigation of Dr. Shehata has determined that his continued registration to prescribe controlled substances is inconsistent with the public interest and constitutes an imminent danger to public health and safety." Do you see that?

Q. So this is another person that if you or if someone else at Mallinckrodt had sorted on the top ten customers of Sunrise, everything about him, his name, his address, his DEA registration, the number of times he purchased from Sunrise, and the specific pills that were purchased, that would be included in the information that Mallinckrodt could see, correct?

Q. So if we can go back to Exhibit 10. We went through spreadsheet -- spreadsheet before, and this is the sort of Sunrise sales isolating Dr. Schultz's purchases. Correct?

Q. And if you look down the column that says "Invoice Date," which is -- one, two, three, four, five -- six from the right, there's a date associated with every time Sunrise sold Mallinckrodt's oxy to Dr. Schultz, correct?

Q. And you see that a number of those transactions, most of them are after July 14th, 2009. Do you see that? In fact, I've counted --

Q. -- there are 25 individual transactions -- after or starting with July 14th, 2009, there are 25 transactions.

Q. You can take my word if you don't feel like counting it. And as we saw in the earlier e-mail with the detective in Tennessee and with Bill Ratliff, there -- at that time there was an investigation of pills prescribed that ended up in Tennessee. And those pills were prescribed by Dr. Schultz. And assuming that's the case, that meeting with Mr. Ratliff, which set in motion the Sunrise audit, occurred in July -- turn and find the exact date -- so Mr. Collins contacted Mr. Ratliff on July 7th, 2009, setting in motion a discussion with the director of security on July 15th, and there's conversations July 29th, and then an audit gets set up with Sunrise on July 29th.

Q. So after Dr. Schultz has been identified in July, there are 25 transactions in which Sunrise continued to sell to Dr. Schultz; is that correct?

Q. Based upon this data?

Q. And do you recall ever raising with your client Sunrise its sales to Dr. Schultz?

Q. And if you had told Sunrise at that time to stop selling its product to Dr. Schultz, is that something you would likely remember?

Q. But you don't believe you told Sunrise to stop selling to Dr. Schultz, do you?

Q. I'm showing you what's been marked Exhibit 18. This is a Broward-Palm Beach New Times article with the title "Pill mill doctor charged with trafficking oxycodone." It's dated March 25th, 2011. Do you see that?

Q. And it starts: "Following an investigation by the Palm Beach State Attorney, Delray pain management doctor, Dr. Barry Schultz, 54, was arrested Thursday and charged with trafficking oxycodone and unlawful prescription of

Q. And are you aware that Dr. Schultz was convicted and based on this and a manslaughter, he's currently serving a 157-year sentence?

Q. But back in 2011 when he was charged, right, Mallinckrodt obviously had its chargeback system and had the details of all of his transactions. Correct?

Q. And going back in time to when Dr. Schultz was first raised as a concern in 2009, again Mallinckrodt had all the transaction information with Dr. Schultz down to the pill type, date of transaction and quantity. Correct?

Q. And did you or anyone to your knowledge at Mallinckrodt go to Dr. Schultz's clinic and investigate what was going on in his clinic following the 2009 arrest in Tennessee in which pills prescribed by him had been found?

Q. Is it your testimony here today that Mallinckrodt had no obligation to try to prevent its products from going to doctors like Mr. Shook, Dr. Shehata and Dr. Schultz?

Q. So is it your testimony that they did have an obligation to seek to prevent its pills from going to doctors like Shook, Shehata and Schultz?

Q. But to your knowledge, that system was not relying on the chargeback data to isolate physicians that were purchasing inordinate quantities in order to further investigate those dispensing physicians?

Q. But as far as your involvement, you were not involved in anything like that?

Q. No. Investigating physicians like Dr. Shook, Dr. Shehata and Dr. Schultz based upon the data in the chargeback system?

Q. I asked you: But to your knowledge, that system was not relying on the chargeback data to isolate physicians that were purchasing inordinate quantities in order to further investigate those dispensing physicians. And my question for you is, were you involved in any use of chargeback system data for that purpose?

Q. I understand. But you yourself didn't ask for access to that data in order to investigate dispensing physicians, downstream customers of your clients, like Dr. Shook, Dr. Shehata and Dr. Schultz.

Q. Mr. Borelli, you've been handed Exhibit 19, which is an e-mail string, the end of which is an e-mail from you to Steven Cochrane dated July 9, 2010, with a cc to David Hoffman. Is that what's in front of you, sir?

Q. And, Mr. Cochrane, he is with KeySource; is that correct?

Q. And do you recall what his position was and what the full name of KeySource was?

Q. And KeySource was a customer of yours?

Q. If you go to the last page of that e-mail string, you'll see an e-mail from David Hoffman at KeySource, and David Hoffman, according to this e-mail, was the VP of business development. Do you see that?

Q. And the subject line of Mr. Hoffman's e-mail is "Oxycodone chargeback customer." Do you see that?

Q. And he -- David Hoffman writes to Steve Cochrane: "Steve, I have an account that we shut off in Florida because I thought too much business on oxycodone was coming from one provider. This customer said we were his only supplier of Mallinckrodt oxycodone. Can you ask Mallinckrodt if this customer was purchasing oxycodone from other sources in May or June of this year? The pharmacy is Sunlight Pharmacy," and there's an address and a DEA number. Do you see that?

Q. And then do you see on the next page, Mr. Cochrane sent you an e-mail in which he forwards Mr. Hoffman's e-mail to him. Do you see that? And the e-mail from Mr. Cochrane to you is dated July 7, 2010, and Mr. Cochrane writes: "Victor, per our discussion earlier today, can you tell me if this customer buys any Mallinckrodt oxycodone 30 milligram tabs from any other wholesaler distributors?" Correct?

Q. And you responded to his e-mail at -- on the -- July 9th, and you provided him with the information he was seeking, correct?

Q. And you said: "This account does buy our oxy 30 mg as well as many other products from both McKesson as well as Smith Drug." Now, if you go back to the subject line of the first e-mail, it's a reference to "Oxycodone chargeback customer." So your customer -- your distributor client is asking you for information that you would then get from the chargeback system; is that correct?

Q. And you obtained that information and you responded to him, correct?

Q. Mr. Borelli, I'm showing -- you have in front of you what's been marked Exhibit 20.

Q. And if you turn to the second page of that exhibit, you'll see that there is a question in the e-mail dated July 13, 2010, from you to Karen Harper. And in this e-mail you're following up on that request from Mr. Cochrane for information, and you start: "There is an account in Florida, Sunlight Pharmacy, that KMI" -- that's KeySource -- "has been servicing for a while. These account sales have been growing steadily, and as you see, have purchased quite an assortment of our SKUs from KMI." Do you see that?

Q. And so this is you following up on that request from KeySource to obtain information in order to respond to his question; is that right?

Q. And in fact, you're following up with regard to a particular downstream customer of your distributor client KeySource, correct?

Q. And if you turn to the first page of that exhibit, in the July 13th, 2010 e-mail from you to Sandi Ivancho. Do you see that? Who is Sandi Ivancho?

Q. Okay. But you say to her: "This issue came up during a DEA situation, but as I drill down, the account shows our SKU sales to Sunlight Pharmacy, but our report doesn't show the same sales." So this is an example of you drilling down into information about a downstream customer, right?

Q. You looked into the information in Mallinckrodt's chargeback system and you answered the questions.

Q. I'm showing you -- showing you what's been marked as Exhibit 22 --

Q. -- 21, I'm sorry, which is an e-mail from you dated June 23rd, 2010, again to Steve Cochrane. Subject line, "Re: Oxycodone Mallinckrodt." The Bates number is MNK-Tl 000560613. And if you go to the second page of that, here again Mr. Hoffman of KeySource is asking Steve Cochrane a question, and the question is: "I have a question for Mallinckrodt regarding some of our large purchasers of oxycodone in Florida. I have usage reports on all of the accounts and was thinking if Mallinckrodt could provide us with total chargeback sales on oxy 15 mg and 30 mg, I could compare that to the usage reports just to make sure they weren't purchasing more than the usage report states. This would be

Q. So here you have an example of a distributor customer of yours again asking you for chargeback information, and this time in order to attempt to determine if diversion is happening; is that correct?

Q. And there's a question whether Mallinckrodt is willing to share this information with KeySource. Do you recall whether Mallinckrodt shared that information?

Q. Do you believe that would have been helpful information for your customer KeySource to obtain from Mallinckrodt?

Q. In order to help it determine if diversion was happening.

Q. Do you think it would have been helpful to supply that information, whether they did or they didn't?

Q. Because that would be an indication of potential diversion, right?

Q. KeySource was concerned that a downstream customer was lying to KeySource about where it was getting its oxy, right?

Q. Okay. Were they checking to confirm whether the amount being reported to them was accurate from their downstream customer?

Q. In other words, you don't know if Mallinckrodt was willing to share the chargeback information or not?

Q. I'm showing you what's been marked Exhibit 22. This is an e-mail from Lisa Lundergan to Karen Harper, with a cc to Ginger Collier, dated 4/18/2011. This e-mail was not sent to you but it -- attached to it are a couple of charts that I wanted to ask you about. So if you turn to the second page, this is a chart showing the number of bottles of oxycodone sold in the state of Florida; is that correct?

Q. And during the time that you were selling oxycodone in Florida, did you look at information like this that tracked the total number of bottles of pills of oxycodone that you were selling to clients who were then shipping it to Florida?

Q. Okay. Did you see that for FY10, for 2010, the total number of bottles of oxycodone shipped to the state of Florida by Mallinckrodt exceeded 2 million? Do you see that in the -- in either one of those charts?

Q. And was that information that you were aware of at the time that you were selling thousands and thousands of bottles of oxycodone that were being shipped to the state of Florida?

Q. Okay. You don't recall if you knew how many bottles of oxycodone you were responsible for selling that were shipped to Florida?

Q. Now, you say you don't know where that goes, but that information is carefully tracked and reported in the chargeback system, correct?

Q. If you turn to the next page of this exhibit, there are a list -- it says "Distributor Data. All Strengths - Oxycodone HCL," and there's

Q. And we know that that's tracking shipped to the state of Florida, because the e-mail that's attached to this notes that these reports are an update on oxycodone Florida activity.

Q. A number of these customers on this list were your customers, correct?

Q. Can you go down the list and tell me which customer was yours and how many bottles of oxycodone were shipped to Florida in 2010?

Q. Okay. Let me ask you this: Was Cardinal Preferred Source A/ID a customer of yours?

Q. Okay. And in 2010, Cardinal shipped 127,309 bottles of oxycodone to Florida, correct?

Q. Moving down the list, Harvard Drug, was that a customer of yours?

Q. Okay. Including possibly 2010?

Q. Okay. Harvard Drug sent 79,000 bottles to Florida in 2010?

Q. Correct?

Q. Okay. H.D. Smith, was that a customer of yours?

Q. Okay. Including possibly 2010?

Q. Do you know when they stopping being a customer of yours?

Q. Okay. Nonetheless, H.D. Smith shipped 396,697 bottles of oxycodone to Florida in 2010, right, according to this report?

Q. KeySource Medical, was that a customer of yours?

Q. Including in 2010?

Q. In 2010, KeySource Medical shipped 373,141 bottles of oxycodone to Florida. Do you see that?

Q. Did you generally track the sales of your customer KeySource?

Q. Master Pharmaceutical, was that a customer of yours?

Q. And you see that in 2010 they shipped 238,000 --

Q. Okay. Nonetheless, Master Pharmaceutical shipped 238,171 bottles of oxycodone in 2010, right?

Q. Was McKesson OneStop a customer of yours?

Q. McKesson One Shop shipped 283,661 bottles of oxycodone to Florida in 2010, correct?

Q. Skip down to Sunrise Wholesale, that was

Q. So the total for Sunrise Wholesale in 2010, 272,420 bottles of oxycodone. Mr. Borelli, do you have any sense out of those 2.1 million bottles of oxycodone sent to Florida, how many were sales you were responsible for?

Q. You don't recall -- were you ever provided with that information so you could see just how much oxycodone you were selling that was going to Florida?

Q. Mr. Borelli, you've been handed what's been marked Exhibit 23. MNK-Tl 0000384265. This is an e-mail from Jordan Polly or Polly Jordan to you on March 4th, 2009. Do you know who Polly Jordan is?

Q. Do you see that it indicates that she is

Q. And her e-mail says to you: "Hey, Vic" -- that suggests she knows who you are, right? She calls you Vic?

Q. Okay. And she asks you: "Have you heard anything about oxycodone in Florida and why there are so many people from Kentucky going to Florida to get their prescriptions filled?" You knew there were a lot of people coming from Kentucky to get their prescriptions filled in Florida, didn't you?

Q. So did you answer her and say, Ms. Jordan or Polly, I don't have any idea why people are coming from Kentucky to get oxycodone in Florida?

Q. Do you have any recollection as you sit here today of people coming from out of the state of Florida to purchase oxycodone in Florida?

Q. But were you aware of the problem of people coming from out the state of Florida to purchase oxycodone in Florida?

Q. You said you read an article about people possibly coming to Florida to purchase oxycodone. Do you recall whether you read many articles about that?

Q. Mr. Borelli, you've been handed what's now marked as Exhibit 24. This is an article with the title "Inside Broward County's Pill Mills." It's dated April 5th, 2009, and the author is Scott Hiaasen from the Miami Herald. If you look at the first paragraph of that article, it states: "Broward County has become the painkiller capital of the United States, the notorious home to a cottage industry of storefront pain clinics selling alarming numbers of narcotics and feeding a brazen black market sprawling through the South and New England." Now, back in 2009, do you recall reading articles such as this one that talk about Broward County becoming the painkiller capital of the United States?

Q. Okay. If you turn to the next page, go down to the second paragraph, it states: "And the travelers come -- by the thousands, narcotics investigators say, from Kentucky, Ohio, West Virginia, Massachusetts and other states. Prospective pill buyers sometimes camp outside clinics overnight, waiting for the doors to open, said Hollywood Police Captain Allen Siegel, director of the South Broward Narcotics Task Force." Now, was that phenomenon of people flooding into the state of Florida from a number of other states something that you had read about when you were selling oxycodone into the state of Florida?

Q. But you were generally aware of this issue of people coming from out of state to buy oxycodone, correct?

Q. I'm sorry, did you answer?

Q. I asked you: But you were generally aware of this issue of people coming from out of state to buy oxycodone, correct?

Q. I understand that you don't remember when you read that article, but during the time that you were selling oxycodone and it was being shipped to Florida, were you generally aware of the problem of people coming to Florida to purchase Mallinckrodt or other oxycodone?

Q. Mr. Borelli, you're now looking at what's been marked Exhibit 25, MNK-Tl 0000290150. For the record, this is an e-mail from you to Karen Harper dated July 29th, 2009. The subject line is "Re: [RxNews] Rx Drug Abuse Epidemic." Do you see that?

Q. And if you look down below, you'll see that Karen Harper sent a number of people, including you, an article. And the article's title was "Prescription Drug Abuse Epidemic." Do you see that?

Q. And the names -- who are the other names? John Adams, he was a salesperson at Mallinckrodt; is that correct? Or he was your supervisor?

Q. Read the other names and tell me who these people are.

Q. And if you go back up to your response to Karen Harper's e-mail, you write: "Interesting article." Does that suggest that you actually read the article that was attached to her e-mail?

Q. Okay. So if we go down to the article itself, you'll see that the first line of the article states: "South Florida has become the largest supplier of illegal prescription drugs in the country." Do you see that?

Q. And does that refresh your recollection as to when you would have become aware of South Florida becoming a major supplier of illegal prescription drugs in the country?

Q. Okay. In response to this article and others that you perhaps read about South Florida becoming the pill mill capital of the world, what impact did that have on you and the sales of oxycodone that you were responsible for?

Q. Sir, you understand that your clients were selling significant amounts of oxycodone to downstream customers in Florida, right?

Q. So you paid no attention to where your clients sold the Mallinckrodt oxycodone that they bought.

Q. You paid no attention to where your clients shipped the products that you sold to them.

Q. So what actions did you take after you learned that South Florida had become the national capital for illegal pain pill trafficking?

Q. Did you contact any of your customers and say, Stop selling any of Mallinckrodt's pills to places in Florida?

Q. Okay. In terms of your actions, though, when you learned -- when you read articles like this one that said South Florida has become the largest supplier of illegal prescriptions, did you personally take any actions to try and slow down the amount of oxycodone that your clients were shipping to Florida?

Q. Can you think of anything else that you did?

Q. This article was about pain clinics. Right? Pain clinics were downstream customers of your distributor clients, correct?

Q. Mr. Borelli, you've been handed what's been marked Exhibit 26, MNK-Tl 0000386857. This is an e-mail string that involves you. The top of the e-mail string is an e-mail from Karen Harper to John Adams, with a cc to you, dated November 23rd, 2009. And if you flip back in the string, you'll see that Karen Harper sent to you on November 23rd, 2009, an article with the subject "Grand Jury Wants to Crack Down on Pill Mills." Fort Lauderdale, Florida. And she writes: "John and Victor, FYI, the interim Grand Jury Report referenced in the below article is attached." And do you see the article, it starts with the line, "Broward County has become known as the 'pill mill capital' of the United States." Correct?

Q. And then if you move up on the second page of this e-mail string, there's an e-mail from you to Karen Harper and John Adams dated November 23rd, 2009, and you respond: "Karen, I appreciate you sending me this , but a distributor or wholesaler that is not located in the state ships to this state on a daily basis as well." And then you go on to explain that point, correct? And so you conclude -- and you ask her to send these articles not just to you but to the other salespeople because distributors from out of the state send into Florida as well; is that correct?

Q. And so if you go back to the article, this is yet again another article sent to you in November 2009 that discusses how Broward County has become the pill mill capital of the world, correct? And if you look down a few paragraphs in the article, it states: "Oftentimes people come from outside Florida to pain clinics because it is so easy to obtain prescription drugs. Those people then take the pills back to their home states and sell the drugs for inflated -- inflated sums on the black market." Do you see that?

Q. So provided you were being truthful in suggesting that you read this article when she sent it to you, that's information that you were aware of back in November of 2009, right?

Q. And the larger point you're making to Ms. Harper at the time about sending it to people whose distributors were located out of the state was that distributors can send their pills into the state of Florida, correct?

Q. Distributors that are out of state, right?

Q. And so you're making the point that to understand what's going on in Florida, don't just look at the distributors in Florida but also look at the distributors out of Florida that are sending to downstream customers in Florida, right?

Q. Right. And the same would be true in other regions or areas or states, if you want to understand what's happening with pills going into that state, it's very important to look at distributors from out of that state as well that might be sending to the downstream customers in that state, correct?

Q. Well, if you want to understand what's happening in Ohio, for example, you wouldn't just look at distributors in Ohio; you would look at distributors outside of Ohio but who are shipping their pills to downstream customers in Ohio, right?

Q. That's the point you were making about Florida, right?

Q. Because they're out of state doesn't matter in terms of where their pills are going.

Q. Everybody who's selling pills, even if they're located -- their distributor clients are located out of state, it's important to know -- important for them to know as well if you're trying to understand what's happening with the amount of pills going into a particular state.

Q. For that reason, correct?

Q. And why is it good for the entire team to know?

Q. There's nothing in particular about this information that has any value for them to know. It's just all the information in the world they can know is a good thing?

Q. There's a pill epidemic in Florida. You're being sent an article about the pill epidemic in Florida. Right? And you said send it to all the salespeople because people out of the state also send into the state of Florida, correct?

Q. Why? Why is that important?

Q. You wanted them all to know because there was a problem in Florida and their customers were shipping to Florida as well, right?

Q. For the love of knowledge or for some particular reason?

Q. So the team collectively can help try and do something about the problem?

Q. And that would be true for any state where there's a problem, right? You would want everybody to know, regardless of whether they were in that state or not, if they had distributor clients that sent into that state.

Q. Sir, I was asking you about an e-mail you sent in which you asked Karen Harper to send the same article about pill mills in Florida to people out of the state, and you explained that the reason why you think they should see it is because their clients also shipped into the state of Florida, right?

Q. You've been handed what's been marked Exhibit 27. This is an e-mail from Jane Williams to you dated March 1st, 2011. It attaches subject "[RxNews] OxyContin." If you go to the second page of this e-mail string, which went to you, it was sent to you by Jane Williams, there's an e-mail from John Burke. And it states: "I was talking to a narcotics officer in Maine today, and he informed me that they are not seeing the new OxyContin tablets that have been reformulated. Instead they are seeing the oxycodone IR 30 mg, the same as appears to be our trend, and what we see coming up from Florida and the pill mills." Do you see that?

Q. And then if you turn to the next page, in the e-mail that was forwarded to you that was sent by Karen Harper to, among others, Pat Duft, in the middle of that paragraph written by Douglas Ross from the Department of Justice, he writes: "Florida pain clinics have played a significant role in the availability of the Mallinckrodt tablets, which are physically transported or mailed back to New England." Do you see that?

Q. So this string informs you on March 1st, 2011, that Mallinckrodt oxy 30 has been reported coming up out of Florida into other states, correct? And it -- is that correct?

Q. Okay. And it also indicates that the Florida pain clinics have played a significant role in the availability of the Mallinckrodt tablets. Do you see that?

Q. In the e-mail sent by Douglas Ross to John Burke, the middle of the page.

Q. So that was information that was presented to you in this e-mail string on March 1st, 2011; is that correct?

Q. So from these articles and this other information, you were aware that people were coming from out the state of Florida to get oxy that was being distributed by pain clinics in Florida, right?

Q. Okay. Nonetheless, you received a number of articles, some of which we've gone through, that discuss that issue, right?

Q. And you know from the time that you were selling oxycodone that the oversight of pain clinics in Florida was particularly lax. Right?

Q. So, Mr. Borelli, as you sit here today, do you recall whether in the time period that you were selling oxycodone to Mallinckrodt distributor clients that there was a pain pill epidemic in Florida?

Q. Are you aware that the highway that went from Florida up into Appalachia, do you know what highway that is?

Q. I-75. Have you ever driven on I-75? Have you ever --

Q. Have you ever heard I-75 referred to as the oxy express?

Q. So if you read that in articles in 2009, you don't remember that now.

Q. And have you ever heard of I-75 referred to as the Florida pipeline?

Q. Do you know what color Mallinckrodt oxy is?

Q. You think that the --

Q. So you don't know if --

Q. So you didn't know that oxy 30s were blue?

Q. And you didn't know that the highway out of Florida into Appalachia was called the blue highway because of the color of all the oxy 30 that was purchased in Florida and brought out of that state?

Q. And you don't know what amount of the total volume of Mallinckrodt oxy 30 that was sold in Florida was sold by you?

Q. And if you had read an article discussing the flood of oxy 30 up I-75 into Appalachia, would that have caused you to take any action to attempt to stem the sale by your customers to downstream customers in Florida?

Q. What actions did you take? Did you stop selling?

Q. Mr. Borelli, did you make sure that in 2009, less oxycodone was sold into the state of Florida than in 2008?

Q. Did you take any action in 2010 to make sure that the amount of oxycodone that your clients shipped to Florida was less than in 2009?

Q. And yet from at least 2009 forward, based on the articles you saw, you knew that there was a huge problem of pill mills in Florida and people coming from out of state to get pills.

Q. We've talked about KeySource was one of your customers, correct?

Q. And was that an important customer to you?

Q. And they purchased a significant amount of -- of oxy in particular from you, correct?

Q. And as we saw from the hundreds of thousands of bottles of oxy, that included a significant amount of oxy, right?

Q. But you know how much they buy from Mallinckrodt, right? You know how much product your customers buy from your company.

Q. And that's for all products, right?

Q. You don't just pay attention to some of them. You pay attention to all of them. So you're paying attention to the amount of oxy your customers are buying from Mallinckrodt, right?

Q. Did you pay any attention at all to the percentage of your total sales that were oxy versus other drugs?

Q. So you may have seen that you were selling a whole lot more oxy than anything else.

Q. That information was available to you.

Q. Okay. But as we've seen, you've asked people -- other people in that department to get information for you, right?

Q. Right. So there was nothing that stopped you from asking people in the chargeback department to tell you, Hey, how many bottles of oxycodone did my clients buy?

Q. You didn't look into that at all.

Q. Okay. There's nothing about oxy in the 2008 to '10 time period that stands out as you sit here today as being a particularly important time frame.

Q. So is that a "yes" or a "no"?

Q. Okay. So when did your relationship with KeySource start?

Q. Do you remember how it started?

Q. Okay. And is that where you met Steve Cochrane?

Q. Did you two become friends, would you say?

Q. And would you say that was a pretty close relationship?

Q. So your relationship with Mr. Cochrane was pretty typical for your relationships with your customers, wholesaler distributor customers?

Q. Did you ever go to KeySource and see how they conducted their business?

Q. And where were they located?

Q. How many times did you go visit their offices?

Q. Did you get familiar with their suspicious order monitoring system?

Q. And as you got to know KeySource, did you also develop an understanding of who their downstream customers were?

Q. Right --

Q. And it's fair to say that you helped KeySource grow its business?

Q. But my question was, is it fair to say that you helped KeySource grow its business?

Q. And did you give KeySource advice on how it could grow its business?

Q. I'm showing you what's been marked Exhibit 28. MNK-T1 0000384546. This is an e-mail from Steve Cochrane to you dated October 7th, 2008; is that correct? At the top of the page.

Q. And the subject line is "Re: Assured Pharmacies." Do you see that?

Q. And if you go to the very end of that string where it starts on October 3rd, 2008, Mr. Cochrane sends you an e-mail in which he asks you: "Do you know who they are? Would they be a candidate for the Fruth Initiative?" Do you see that?

Q. Do you see his e-mail to you?

Q. And do you see your response?

Q. Can you read his response -- your response, please.

Q. And what is this special program, do you recall?

Q. Okay. And if you read through this string, you talk back and forth about Assured. So you're talking to your customer KeySource about one of its potential downstream customers, Assured, correct?

Q. Okay. When you go to the top of the e-mail Mr. Cochrane says to you: "Just to clarify," and he provides some information about Assured, and he writes: "Excellent opportunity in my opinion, specifically a pain clinic pharmacy, and HD cannot supply enough product to meet their needs." Do you see that?

Q. And do you know if your customer, KeySource, started supplying Assured --

Q. -- following this? But you do know that from this date on, you had been provided information that Assured was

Q. Okay. And you didn't have any reason to believe that wasn't true?

Q. Mr. Borelli, you've been handed what's been marked Exhibit 29, which is a spreadsheet that we created, again from the Mallinckrodt chargeback system data, and as you flip through that spreadsheet, you can see that this is a long list of sales by KeySource to Assured. Correct?

Q. And while you're going through that, I will represent to you that there are 274 purchase order transactions between Assured and KeySource between January 2009 and June 2011, for a total of 685,700 UOMs.

Q. And the e-mail that we went through a minute before predates this spreadsheet and it may be because we haven't been provided any data that predates, but your e-mail was in, I believe, October of 2008. And then moving forward, sales start on this chart, again perhaps because of how the data was presented to us, but in January of 0002009, right? And so for the entire period of time that Assured was buying opioids from Mallinckrodt, and this chart shows that all they bought was oxycodone, for that entire period of time Mallinckrodt always had in its possession information indicating that Assured supplied pain clinics. Right?

Q. Mr. Borelli, you have in front of you what's been marked as Exhibit 30. MNK-T1 0000384679. This is an e-mail from you to Steve Cochrane dated 6/18/2010. Subject: "Oxy." Do vou see that?

Q. Can you read your e-mail, please. Out loud.

Q. Okay. And so you sent this e-mail to Mr. Cochrane on June 18th, 2010, and you are asking him specifically to talk about Florida and oxy sales, correct?

Q. And do you recall why you were asking him about Florida and oxy sales?

Q. There's nothing that stands out in your mind as you sit here today about this time period that would suggest to you any particular reason to talk about oxy and Florida sales?

Q. And there's a reference to Sunrise Wholesalers. Do you know why you were talking to Mr. Cochrane about Sunrise Wholesalers?

Q. Mr. Borelli, you've been handed what is marked Exhibit 31. And on the bottom of the first page, there's the header to an e-mail dated January 27th, 2009, Tuesday. And the e-mail states: "Just got a release today. You will receive 1200 bottles on Thursday morning." And the subject line of that e-mail is "Oxy 30." Do you see that?

Q. And Mr. Cochrane responds to your e-mail on January 27th, about a half an hour later, and he sends you an e-mail, subject line "Re: Oxy 30," and he writes: "Keep them coming. Flying out of here. It's like people are addicted to these things or something. Oh, wait, people are. Thank you, Steve." And, sir, you responded to his e-mail at 4:12 p.m. on the same day, and you sent him an e-mail subject line "Re: Oxy Thursday." Could you please read your response to him, please.

Q. And the context of this e-mail was you were informing him that you were releasing a shipment of oxy 30; is that correct?

Q. And it was 1200 bottles of oxy 30?

Q. Mr. Borelli, you've been handed --

Q. -- what's been marked as Exhibit 32, which is an e-mail string. It starts with an e-mail from Kate Muhkenkamp to you, April 10th, 2009. MNK-T1 0000562387. And it's a relatively long string. I'll start at the very last page. And second to last page there's a header to an e-mail at the bottom of the page, and if you look at that header, it's an e-mail from Heather Goodman to Dave Irwin. And the subject is "Oxycodone 15 milligram tablets." The date is April 9th, 2009. Do you know who Heather Goodman is?

Q. Do you know who Dave Irwin is?

Q. Who is Dave Irwin?

Q. So this e-mail starts with Heather Goodman contacting Dave Irwin and saying: "Dave, I spoke with my aunt, and the independent pharmacy she chose is Dane Drugs," and provides an address in Columbus, Ohio. "Her monthly prescription is 1500 oxycodone 15 milligrams. We have not contacted the pharmacy to let them know this is happening yet. In addition, as soon as we know that this arrangement is set up, Aunt Sandra will call her doctor and have him call in the script for her. Please let us know how you would like to proceed." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. And then if you turn to the next page, Dave Irwin sends a message dated April 9th, 2009, at 3:51 p.m. to Kate Muhlenkamp. And again, her job is what?

Q. Okay. And that e-mail is cc'd to you and to John Adams. And Dave writes: "Kate, here is the info we talked about earlier. Is there something I can do to help out from this point on? Heather Goodman used to report to Craig Cowman, who referred her to us. You may want to let Mike know what's going on. He will see Craig at NACDS in two weeks. "Vic, thanks for helping set this up. Sounds like it's much appreciated." Do you see that?

Q. And then if you go up further, Kate Muhlenkamp sends an e-mail to Dave Irwin saying: "I've spoken with Victor, and he thinks he can make this happen. Two cases a month to the below pharmacy. He is working on it and should have an answer shortly." Right?

Q. And then going forward to your Friday, April 10th, 2009, e-mail to Kate Muhlenkamp, with

Q. Do you recall what the one problem was?

Q. All right. And if you move up further, Dave Irwin then sends you an e-mail at 9:58 a.m., So shortly after, and he says: "I'm sure I will be talking to Heather Goodman later today so I can clarify this. But I did the math in my head late yesterday and this equates to 50 tablets per day. Is that even possible?" And that was sent to you. Did you in response to this determine whether it was possible for Heather Goodman's Aunt Sandra to take 50 15-milligram tablets of oxycodone a day?

Q. Right.

Q. And I'm asking, do you recall answering his question

Q. Okay. So you don't recall answering the question about whether it's even possible for Aunt Sandra -- you don't know who Aunt Sandra is, do you?

Q. You don't know who Heather Goodman is, do you?

Q. Okay. But you don't know if it's possible for this person, Aunt Sandra, to herself consume 50 tablets of oxycodone a day. You didn't answer that question.

Q. Okay. So if you go to the first page of the exhibit, you send an e-mail to Dave Irwin and Kate Muhlenkamp, with a cc to John Adams, dated April 10th, 2009, at 11:15 a.m., and you say: "Here goes: Kate and I have spoken, and KeySource can get this done, but they need product. I think we are moving that along as we speak. "KeySource has contacted the pharmacy and is setting them up as we speak. "The pharmacy will place an order for this products from KeySource today, and Aunt Sarah" -- So it's becoming Aunt Sarah?

Q. Yeah. -- "can walk into the pharmacy on Thursday to pick up the product. KeySource is going to try to ship the pharmacy one month's needs at a time, so depending on what is happening with the marketplace , we may have to circle back in a month to allocate more oxy 15 mg to them for this special circumstance." Do you see that? And then you ended with: "Thanks to all, especially Aunt Sarah." Do you see that?

Q. Okay. So you're thanking Aunt Sarah for this, sending her 1500 milligrams a day, her 50 tablets per day.

Q. Now, if you go up in your e-mail, there's a message from Kate Muhlenkamp to you, April 10th, 2009, 7:34 p.m. And she writes to you: "Vic, thank you for all of your work on this. I worked with Sarah, and we are shipping to KeySource. The order should ship to them on Monday. Thanks, Kate." Right?

Q. That's a pretty unusual way to gain a new account, isn't it?

Q. All right.

Q. Well, there is no question, but your counsel will have an opportunity to ask you questions, and you can clarify that when he asks you.

Q. So I want to make sure I understand what happened here with Aunt Sandra. Heather Goodman, who is a person who used to report to Craig Cowman -- do you know where Craig Cowman worked?

Q. Okay. So Heather Goodman, who used to report to an employee of Cardinal Health, got in touch with Dave Irwin at Mallinckrodt and asked for 36 bottles a month of oxy to be shipped to her aunt to a particular pharmacy in Columbus, Ohio; is that right?

Q. And you called a distributor client, KeySource, and arranged to have that client ship the pills to a pharmacy of the purported patient's choice. Right?

Q. And was it your understanding that Heather Goodman was authorized by the DEA to order oxy for her aunt?

Q. Do you believe she was authorized to ask Mallinckrodt to arrange for a shipment of oxy for her aunt?

Q. Are you asking me a question? My question to you is, was she authorized to arrange for a shipment for her aunt of oxy?

Q. And, sir, I'm asking you if it's your understanding that Heather Goodman, who used to work for Cardinal Health, is authorized by the DEA to ask Mallinckrodt to arrange for a shipment of oxy for her aunt.

Q. And is it your understanding that you were authorized by the DEA to direct the distribution of oxy for Heather Goodman's aunt?

Q. I'm asking you -- you remember back at the beginning we were talking about the requirements of the Controlled Substances Act, and we went over that people who handle or are involved in the distribution of controlled substances need to be registered with the DEA? Do you remember that conversation?

Q. And do you remember that the registration only permits the registrant to do what the DEA authorizes that person to do, correct?

Q. So do you believe you, as a result of Mallinckrodt's DEA authorization, that you are authorized to arrange for the shipment of oxy for Heather Goodman's aunt?

Q. So can you answer my question, sir?

Q. And do you believe that your actions were authorized by Mallinckrodt's DEA registration?

Q. It's a yes-or-no question, sir.

Q. Can you answer the question, please.

Q. Well, there's three possible answers: Yes, no, or I don't know.

Q. Did you investigate to determine whether Aunt Sandra used the pills?

Q. And do you know if she sold the pills?

Q. If you could look at Exhibit 33, which I think you have in front of you. This is a message from you to Steve Cochrane dated April 10th, 2009. Subject: "Oxy 15 milligram." You write: "720 bottles coming your way for Tuesday, Wednesday delivery. Can you set that customer up, allocate 36 bottles for Aunt Sarah and e-mail me back? Thanks so much for taking care of this. P.S. No commission necessary, I insist." Can you please explain this e-mail?

Q. Okay. Let's walk through it. This follows on the e-mail string we just went through. You're communicating with your customer Mr. Cochrane at KeySource, and you're directing him precisely what to do with the bottles that you are arranging to have distributed to a pharmacy in Columbus, Ohio; is that correct?

Q. So the downstream customer in this transaction is Dane Drugs. We went through that. And Aunt Sarah then would be the -- the patient picking up a prescription from the downstream customer, right?

Q. Right. And you're involved to the degree of where you're telling your distributor client what pharmacy to send these drugs to and what patient to allocate those drugs for; is that correct?

Q. Okay. And so you're asking for 36 bottles a month to be made available at Dane Drugs when she walks in with a prescription for Heather Goodman's Aunt Sarah. Is that correct?

Q. You've been handed what's marked Exhibit 34, which is more about this e-mail string with Aunt Sandra. And if you go to the bottom, this is an e-mail from Steve Cochrane to you dated April 13th, 2009. And the subject line is "Guess who called today," dot, dot, dot. Do you see that?

Q. And at the bottom it's -- he writes --

Q. -- in the body of the e-mail: "Dane Drug! They wanted to know who the F this lady Aunt Sandra was that showed up looking for her oxycodone 15 milligram today. You can't make this stuff up. Dane Drugs said they thought it was a crank call when KeySource called Friday to arrange the order with them." Do you see that?

Q. So this was a pretty unusual circumstance, at least according to Dane Drugs, right?

Q. Yeah, you don't have any idea who any of those people are, and yet you facilitated the distribution of 36 bottles a month for Aunt Sandra.

Q. Sir, if not for your involvement, 36 bottles a month for Aunt Sandra would not have been shipped to Dane Drug; is that correct?

Q. Well, let's move up that e-mail string, Mr. Borelli, to the middle of the page from Steve Cochrane to you, dated April 13th. More on the subject line "Guess who called today?" "In response to your question in the e-mail below, so what happened?" He writes: "Maureen here said they were very nice now that they understand what is going on. Filled out a credit application so we have their account ready to go. Sounds like they might possibly order but not positive yet." And do you see your response to that at the top of the page?

Q. And that's an e-mail from you to Steve at KeySource Medical, which I assume is Steve Cochrane. And you write -- what do you write? Why don't you go ahead and read that.

Q. And why --

Q. And -- and why that response?

Q. You took all of those actions based on a request from a person you didn't know for a person you didn't know, right?

Q. You didn't know Heather Goodman?

Q. Don't know Aunt Sandra, right?

Q. Didn't know Dane Drug.

Q. And you don't know if the actions you took complied with Mallinckrodt's DEA registration?

Q. I'm showing you what's been marked Exhibit 35, which is an e-mail string with the Bates number MNK-Tl 0000560227. And all these numbers, just for the record, have been the first page of the exhibits. This is an e-mail from -- it starts with you on March 18th, 2010, to Steve Cochrane. Subject: "Oxy 30 ml, KeySource, PO No. 0016437." Is that right?

Q. And if you go to the very beginning of this e-mail string, on the last page of the exhibit, you send an e-mail to Mr. Cochrane on March 18th. Subject: "Oxy 30 ml." And you state: "666 cases is 3,996 bottles, which would bring you up to 5,004 bottles."

Q. Why is it that you would contact Mr. Cochrane and tell him the number of oxy bottles he would be receiving from Mallinckrodt?

Q. If you go to the next page in the exhibit, the e-mail above that one is from you or, I'm sorry, from Mr. Cochrane to you dated March 18th, 2010. It's more discussion of this purchase order. And he states: "Victor, just transmitted the following order via EDI CSOS." I take it that's the ordering system that he used to order product from Mallinckrodt?

Q. And he writes: "Please do not ship before 3/26/2010 or later, if at all possible." Why would your customer be asking you to ship a product not before a certain date?

Q. Would that have something to do with the maximum allowed product that client was entitled to receive within any particular time period?

Q. Okay. If you go up to the next e-mail from you to Steve Cochrane, dated March 18th, 2010, why don't you go ahead and read your e-mail.

Q. Immediately above what we just went through. It starts, "Just heard back."

Q. And the crap product that you're talking about is oxy 30?

Q. Well, it says "Re: Oxy 30 ml KeySource P0," so that would suggest that it's for oxy 30, right?

Q. Okay. And why would oxy 30 and whatever else is on that PO be a crap product?

Q. Who is Katie pie?

Q. Okay. So if you go to the next page of that, Mr. Cochrane writes --

Q. And there's some banter between --

Q. Kate Muhlenkamp?

Q. And then moving up in the e-mail string, Mr. Cochrane asks you questions about a photo from

Q. Flip forward to the first page of that e-mail, Mr. Cochrane asks you about an etiquette class. Do you know what etiquette class he's talking about?

Q. Were you required to take an etiquette class when you worked for Mallinckrodt?

Q. And this kind of banter with your customer, is this pretty typical of your relationship with Mallinckrodt's -- your Mallinckrodt distributor wholesale clients?

Q. I take it --

Q. I take it you didn't forward this conversation to Ms. Muhlenkamp.

Q. You've been handed what's been marked Exhibit 36. Bates No. MNK-T1 0000558886. This is an e-mail from you to Karen Harper dated 6/23/2010. Subject line: "Oxycodone sales in Florida - Summary." Do you see that at the top of the page?

Q. If you go down to the e-mail below your e-mail, it's a message from Kate Muhlenkamp to you, among others, and she writes: "As many of you have probably heard, Harvard Drugs' license to handle controlled substances was suspended this week. The predominant reason for the suspension was the sale of oxycodone in the state of Florida. Please see the attached article for additional information and details." Is that what this says? Do you see where that is written?

Q. And below that, she writes: "Additionally, it came to our attention that Sunrise Wholesalers' DEA license was suspended pending further investigation. Although the official reason for the suspension has not been named, we are under the impression that it is due to the sale of oxycodone in the state of Florida." Did I read that accurately?

Q. And below that she writes: "The two wholesaler/distributor license suspensions led us to do a more in-depth analysis of Covidien's oxycodone sales in the state of Florida. We specifically focused on doctors' offices and pain clinics. It appears that Harvard and Sunrise were the dominant players in this market with over 50 percent of their sales coming from this market. H.D. Smith, KeySource and McKesson OneStop are next with only 3 percent of their total sales coming from the doctors' offices and pain clinics." Do you see that?

Q. So Harvard Drug, a customer of yours?

Q. At one time a customer of yours?

Q. Were they ever a customer of yours?

Q. And Sunrise Wholesaler, at one time a customer of yours, correct?

Q. And H.D. Smith, at one time a customer of yours?

Q. And KeySource, at one time a customer of yours?

Q. And McKesson OneStop, at one time a customer of yours?

Q. And we talked about earlier about your knowledge of oxycodone distribution in Florida, but as you can see in this e-mail that was sent to you in June 2010, two of your customers or at one time your customers, Sunrise and Harvard, had their DEA registration licenses suspended, and this indicates that the predominant -- predominant reason for the suspension was the sale of oxycodone in the state of Florida, correct?

Q. Okay. And the information about where Sunrise and Harvard Drug sold Mallinckrodt's products, that's exactly the information that was maintained in Mallinckrodt's chargeback system, right?

Q. But you know that to be true, correct?

Q. But, sir, you know that the chargeback system, which you occasionally asked people to look into, contained information about Sunrise's and Harvard Group's downstream customers.

Q. And in fact, in this e-mail, Ms. Muhlenkamp is saying that a more in-depth analysis of Covidien's oxycodone sales were done, and there was a particular or a specific focus on doctors' offices and pain clinics, and she was able to do that because the chargeback system data allowed her to isolate those fields, correct?

Q. And there's a focus on doctors' offices and pain clinics because in fact that's where a lot of diversion was coming from, right?

Q. Well, you were sent this e-mail in June 2010, right? And in this e-mail, Ms. Muhlenkamp indicates the DEA suspended the licenses of these two distributor clients of yours, right?

Q. You didn't know that after you received this e-mail?

Q. Well, look at this e-mail. Maybe it will refresh your recollection. It's dated June 18th, 2010. It's sent to you, and it says: "It has come to our attention that Sunrise Wholesalers' DEA license was suspended pending further investigation." So this did in fact inform you that their DEA reg- -- that their DEA license was suspended, right?

Q. So what you're saying is you don't know if Kate Muhlenkamp is correct when she informs you that the DEA suspended Sunrise's license.

Q. Okay. So you knew from this e-mail that Harvard's license was suspended, right?

Q. And that was because of sales to doctors' offices and pain clinics. That's the reason that's given, right?

Q. Mr. Borelli, let's go to the top of the e-mail from Kate, which I read: "As many of you have probably heard, Harvard Drug's license to handle controlled substances was suspended this week." Do you see that?

Q. And you see that it says then the predominant reason for the suspension was the sale of oxycodone in the state of Florida. Do you see that?

Q. So that's information that was provided to you. Do you see that?

Q. I'm asking you if you see that in the e-mail.

Q. Okay. And then you also see that she reports that Sunrise's Wholesale -- Sunrise Wholesalers' DEA license was also suspended, and the official reason was not named, but she was under the impression that it's due to the sale of oxycodone in Florida; is that correct?

Q. And as we discussed, you see that in her analysis in the deeper dive she's doing --

Q. -- in her deeper dive into Covidien's oxycodone sales in the state of Florida, she focused on doctors' offices and pain clinics. Do you see that?

Q. Do you have any idea why she would focus on doctors' offices and pain clinics?

Q. So was there anything --

Q. -- anything about doctors' offices and pain clinics that you were aware of that would suggest that would be a good place to look for suspicious information about sales of oxycodone in Florida?

Q. So as long as a doctor's office in Florida had a DEA registration, there was no particular reason to think that there was anything inappropriate going on with Mallinckrodt's oxy that was being shipped to that doctor's office?

Q. By you. Nothing that you've seen or read --

Q. So that's your understanding, that whether a downstream customer of a distributor client is engaged in diversion is a matter solely for the investigation of the DEA?

Q. And can you answer my question?

Q. So you didn't believe you had any responsibility to know anything about a doctor's office that one of your customers was shipping oxycodone to?

Q. Do you disagree with that statement?

Q. And so did you make sure that your distributor clients weren't shipping pills that you sold to them to dispensing physicians who were engaged in diversion?

Q. And so you didn't try?

Q. You didn't try and get any other information. You simply relied on your distributor client entirely --

Q. You relied on your distributor client entirely to determine whether their downstream customers were engaged in diversion.

Q. And so you relied on that.

Q. If you go to the top of this e-mail string, you note to Ms. Harper in your e-mail on 6/23/2010: "Karen, KeySource is very concerned that they are on this list, so can you tell me the customers' names that make up this 3 percent? They are unaware and sure they do not sell to dispensing physicians, so perhaps there is a coding issue." Why did KeySource not sell to dispensing physicians?

Q. So there's nothing about dispensing physicians in Florida that -- that you have any reason to believe one way or the other if it would be prudent or not prudent to send oxy to dispensing physicians in Florida?

Q. It's unknown to you.

Q. But, sir, was it the right accounts or was it the right type of accounts? Because isn't the concern of KeySource that they believe they're not shipping to doctors' offices and pain clinics, and they're put on a list that suggests they are? Isn't that the concern they're raising?

Q. So you have -- I want to make sure I understand what you're saying. You have no idea why, when Mallinckrodt is doing a deeper look at sales in Florida, that they would look specifically at doctors' offices and pain clinics?

Q. And you have no idea why KeySource would be upset if it found itself on a list that suggested that they sold to doctors' offices and pain clinics?

Q. So as long as a prescription is written, there's no problem with the sale.

Q. So you're just looking for whether there's a prescription written. That's -- prescription written, that's the end of

Q. Okay. And you don't have any idea whether -- why KeySource might decide not to sell to dispensing physicians?

Q. Sir --

Q. -- I am asking you whether you have any idea why KeySource would not sell to dispensing physicians. Do you know why they would not do that?

Q. So you don't know.

Q. This is an e-mail string, the top page of -- you've been handed Exhibit 37. This is an e-mail string from Brenda Rehkop to you dated 6/23/2010. MNK-T1 0000265732. If you go to the first page of the string, it's the last page of the exhibit, an e-mail from Tracey Coffey to Kate. And it says: "Hi, Kate, I have KeySource Medical, Inc., with their address in Cincinnati, Ohio, asking if they will be able to get 12,720 bottles of 853001 on July 1st, and 12,720 bottles of 853001 on July 2nd. Do you see any issues in filling these orders?" And then she says: "Jim, Brenda, FYI, this may show up on the PS old screen." Do you know what the PS old screen was?

Q. And then going to the next page in Ms. Rehkop's e-mail to Tracey Coffey, also including you, and cc'd to Jim Rausch and Rose Adams, she writes: "Victor and Mark, Kate is out of the office, and this will undoubtedly show up as a peculiar order. Do you know why they are ordering so much oxy? We need an answer that will satisfy the DEA when they have questions in the future." Do you see that?

Q. And if you move up from there, it looks like you then forwarded this e-mail that was sent to you to Steve Cochrane at KeySource. And you write: "FYI, help us understand this order pattern." Do you see that?

Q. So that's you looking into a particular order by one of your customers that has been flagged by Mallinckrodt as -- as peculiar, right? Do you see that?

Q. Yes, I'm asking if that --

Q. Did I accurately describe the e-mail?

Q. Well, I'll ask you again. Did I accurately describe the e-mail?

Q. Okay. Did you send an e-mail -- if you look at the middle of the page, Victor Borelli, your e-mail to Steve Cochrane on June 23rd, 2010: "FYI, help us understand this order pattern." So you were forwarding this -- this information indicating that one of KeySource's orders was flagged as peculiar to your customer client; is that right?

Q. Okay. And was that standard operating procedure for you? When an order from a customer was identified as peculiar, would you just forward the e-mail informing you of that to your distributor client?

Q. Right. You just forwarded it to your client. Right?

Q. Okay. But, nonetheless, this e-mail shows that you forwarded the question raised by Tracey Coffey and Brenda Rehkop to your customer client, Mr. Cochrane.

Q. And, nonetheless, you forwarded the query that you got on to your distributor client customer, right?

Q. And if you go up further, your client gives you an explanation for this order, and he says: "As discussed, we need to schedule the delivery times due to the lack of space in the current vault. Since KeySource sells 40 to 45,000 bottles per month and 40 percent of that quantity sells in the first week of the month, I would not judge these orders as peculiar since they are just meeting current demand." Would you -- so he asks you a question about whether an order was peculiar or not. Do you see that?

Q. And so do you feel that you were qualified to answer his question as to whether his order was peculiar or not?

Q. Mr. Borelli, you've been handed what's been marked Exhibit 38, which is another e-mail string between you and your distributor client customer, Mr. Cochrane at KeySource Medical. The string starts with the Bates No. MNK-T1 0000559457 and this is a June 25th, 2010 e-mail from Mr. Cochrane to you, with the subject line "Re: Oxycodone sales in Florida - Summary." Do you see that?

Q. And if you go to where that chain starts, you'll see there's an e-mail from you on June 25th, 2010, at 7:31 a.m., to Mr. Cochrane. The subject line "Oxycodone sales in Florida - Summary." And you write: "Per your request, here are the accounts that make up the 3 percent outside the box list." Do you see that?

Q. And so here you were providing Mr. Cochrane with information on downstream customers who were identified in the earlier e-mail -- e-mail we discussed as comprising 3 percent of KeySource's sales. Correct?

Q. And if you turn to the first page of that exhibit, in an e-mail on June 25th, 2010, at 7:56 a.m., an e-mail, Mr. Cochrane writes to you: "Victor, I sent the list to Dave. Do you think non-addiction treatment clinic is a dangerous category to sell to?" So in this e-mail Mr. Cochrane is asking you, if you, Victor Borelli, think this category of downstream customers that he has is a dangerous category to sell to; is that right?

Q. Right.

Q. Your client is asking you your opinion on whether a particular category of downstream customers is a dangerous category, right?

Q. Okay. And you see above his e-mail is your e-mail to him, four minutes later, in which you respond. Do you see that?

Q. And I'll read through your response. You first answer his question by saying: "Do they dispense?" Why is that something that could potentially make non-addiction treatment clinics a dangerous category?

Q. And my question to you is, why did you write, Do they dispense?" Why is that a question that's potentially indicative of whether non-addiction treatment is a dangerous category?

Q. Right. I understand what you wrote, sir. I'm asking you why you wrote this. Why did you think -- let's see if we can answer that question -- why did you think "Do they dispense?" is a question that could provide an answer indicating whether a non-addition treatment clinic is a dangerous category?

Q. But I'm asking you about that one.

Q. Okay. There's nothing about whether they dispense that you can recall that would provide any information about whether it's a dangerous category to sell to?

Q. And move to your next question, you say: "Do they work in tandem with a pharmacy right next door?" Why did you identify that as a question that could provide information on whether a non-addiction treatment is a dangerous category to sell to?

Q. And did he also talk about looking for whether they dispense?

Q. Okay. And then you say: "Did you visit them, take pictures, interview them?" Why would that be potentially helpful information for determining if a non-addiction treatment clinic is a dangerous category to sell to?

Q. And what is it that you would learn about your customer if you visit them, take pictures and interview them?

Q. And do you think that if you're visiting

Q. Is that the kind of thing you might capture if you visit them, take pictures or interview them?

Q. Right. And would it be fair to say --

Q. So you're saying to your distributor customer who is buying substantial quantities of oxycodone for you, I don't really have any idea how you tell if something is a dangerous category to sell to. Who the heck knows these days?

Q. Isn't that the idea?

Q. So what is "Who the heck knows"? How is that not cavalier?

Q. So when you say who the heck --

Q. When you say, "Who the heck knows these days?" you're saying you don't really know how one would go about identifying non-addict -- whether a non-addiction treatment clinic is a dangerous category to sell to.

Q. Right? Isn't what you're telling your client, you don't know? You don't know how to identify downstream customers that are a dangerous category to sell to?

Q. And other than what you were told by the DEA, there's -- there's nothing that you know about any of the three categories that you wrote that would indicate to you based on your experience that that would be an indication of a dangerous category.

Q. Do you want the question read back again?

Q. And so to answer my question --

Q. No. You want her to read it back again?

Q. Why don't we try one more time.

Q. So the answer to my question is no, your sole source of information on what would be indicative of a dangerous category to sell to is the DEA.

Q. Okay. Sir, you wrote three items down that you thought were questions that one would ask to determine whether something was a dangerous category.

Q. You wrote those questions solely because the DEA told you those were things to look at. Is that right?

Q. And did you give him more ideas and thoughts when he called you?

Q. You've been handed what's marked Exhibit 39, which is an e-mail from you to Mr. Cochrane that includes an e-mail from Kate Muhlenkamp to you. Do you see that? It's dated August 7th, 2010, is your e-mail to Mr. Cochrane. And the subject is "KeySource oxycodone sales." Do you see that?

Q. And so looking at this, it appears that you received an e-mail from Ms. Muhlenkamp and you forwarded that e-mail to Mr. Cochrane, right?

Q. And Ms. Muhlenkamp's e-mail to you says: "Vic, per our conversation, please find the attached draft showing the transition of oxycodone sales from H.D. Smith to KeySource over the last several months." And then she goes on: "Additionally, we had Steve reach out to H.D. Smith to find out what business they had walked away from. Attached is a list of customers that they have either shut down or severely restricted. We are not suggesting that KeySource adhere to H.D. Smith's methods, but thought it might be helpful for them to have a list of accounts that a similar business had deemed suspicious." Do you see that?

Q. And then she reports that Steve, and I gather this is Steve Cochrane, asked H.D. Smith how they identified these accounts, and H.D. Smith noted the following. Do you see that?

Q. Who do you think it is?

Q. Okay. Somebody that --

Q. So, nonetheless, Steve asked H.D. Smith how they identified accounts they had shut down and restricted, and he got a list from H.D. Smith. And do you see the list on that e-mail?

Q. Do you know who C-I -- C, I think Roman numeral, II stands for?

Q. Who is that?

Q. So controlled substances, Schedule II?

Q. Is that right? And the first item on his list says: "C-II ratio to normal nonscheduled product orders." What does that mean to you?

Q. And why would the ratio of controlled substances, Schedule II substances, to normal nonscheduled products be a reason to shut down or severely restrict a client?

Q. I'm not asking you to speak for Steve. I'm asking you, seeing this item here, which was a reason given by H.D. Smith for why they shut down or severely restricted a downstream customer, do you have any understanding why the ratio of controlled substances to non-normal, nonscheduled product orders would be a reason to cut off, restrict a customer?

Q. Can you speak to that reason? Do you understand why the ratio of controlled substances to nonscheduled products would be a reason to restrict or shut down a sale to a downstream customer?

Q. So you don't know, sir, why this information would be relevant to determining whether to shut off or restrict a customer. That's my only question to you. Do you understand why this ratio would be a relevant consideration when deciding to suspend or eliminate a customer?

Q. Do you have any idea why the ratio of controlled substances to nonscheduled products would be relevant to the determination of whether to restrict or suspend a customer?

Q. Mr. Borelli, did you pay any attention to the ratio of controlled substances your distributor clients bought from you relative to noncontrolled substances?

Q. Is that an indication of potential diversion when a customer is buying only controlled substances and no nonscheduled substances?

Q. But is that why the information is here from H.D. Smith as to why -- is that a rational conclusion to draw from H.D. Smith including that as a consideration when deciding whether to shut down or restrict a customer?

Q. So you don't know the answer to this: You don't know why you would look at that ratio? That's all I'm asking you, sir, is if you know why that ratio is relevant to identifying a customer that should be shut down or severely restricted. Can you answer that question?

Q. Okay. And if you go to the next item, if the pharmacy was closed door, servicing just physicians, do you know why that would be something to look at when deciding whether to shut down or restrict a customer?

Q. And if you look at the next item, large pharmacies with excess orders, do you know why that would be something to look at when deciding whether to shut down or severely restrict a downstream customer?

Q. The next item, no physician sales, do you know why that would be an item to look at when deciding whether to shut down or severely restrict

Q. And the last item on the list for reasons why H.D. Smith would shut down or severely restrict a customer was pharmacy secondary supplier relations. Do you know what that means?

Q. So you don't know what any of these things mean, and yet you forwarded this information to Mr. Cochrane and you wrote: "Let's talk about this when you get back from your mini vacation. I still don't buy off on this information. I would like to talk to you about this to run a similar program with your data." Why would you run a similar program with his data?

Q. Okay. You see here in this e-mail from Kate Muhlenkamp to you that your client KeySource is taking over the business of H.D. Smith?

Q. H.D. Smith sales were going to go to KeySource; is that right? That's what happened here, there was a transition.

Q. So this says: "Per our conversation, please find the attached graph showing transition of oxycodone sales from H.D. Smith to KeySource." So you understood that KeySource -- the sales that were going to H.D. Smith were being transitioned to KeySource. Did you understand that?

Q. And so you don't know if when KeySource took over H.D. Smith's sales, it utilized the same system that H.D. Smith was using to eliminate or severely restrict any downstream customers?

Q. Mr. Borelli, you're looking at Exhibit 40, what's been marked Exhibit 40, MNK-T1 0000559259. This is an e-mail string, the top of which is an e-mail from you to Mr. Cochrane, with a subject line "Re: Pain clinics." And if you look back, and I'll -- take a minute to review this, but I'll generally describe you -- in your August 24th, 2010 exchange, you forwarded to Mr. Cochrane some older e-mail that you had sent him in 2008. And I would like to start with the last page of this exhibit, which is an e-mail from Mr. Cochrane to you, subject: "Pain clinics," dated August 18th, 2008. Do you see that?

Q. And in this e-mail Mr. Cochrane writes to you: "Mr. Victor, in the 'doesn't hurt to ask' category, do you have a list of pain clinics; and if not, do you know where we can get one cheap, read free?" Do you see that?

Q. And this was relatively early in your relationship with Mr. Cochrane, wasn't it?

Q. So if you go then to the next e-mail in that string, it's from you to Mr. Cochrane dated August 18th, 2008, subject line "Re: Pain clinics." You respond to his question: "I do not. I think that they, the Cinci bad boys, buy that list, but I don't know where they get that from. NACDS might be a good place to snoop around." Who are the Cinci bad boys?

Q. And do you know who that might be?

Q. And then Mr. Cochrane responds to you in his 10:47 p.m. e-mail on August 18th, and he says: "Stephanie found a good source for pain clinics online. Got her pumped off now. We're off to the races. Steve." Do you see that?

Q. And if you go up further in that exchange, you have an e-mail to Mr. Cochrane dated August 19th, 2008, at 7:56 a.m.

Q. And you write: "Perhaps you may want to position it with us at our meeting that you are putting a team in place to market directly towards dispensing physicians, pain management centers, clinics, et cetera. This would put a bug in the ear of the marketing team, who doles out products, to keep additional inventory for you." Do you see that?

Q. So your customer distributor client KeySource and VP of purchasing, Mr. Cochrane, asks you for information about how to target pain clinics. And you respond that you don't have a list, but you think you know where he could get one. He finds a list, and then you explain -- you give this helpful advice to him about how he could position his business approach at your meeting to market specifically to dispensing physicians, pain management centers, clinics, et cetera. Correct?

Q. Well, let me strike that question. I'll start over. You sent this e-mail to Mr. Cochrane on August 19th, 2008, in which you suggested to him a way to market directly towards dispensing physicians, pain management centers and clinics, right?

Q. So you didn't say to him, Wait, wait, wait, Steve, it would be a terrible idea to market directly towards dispensing physicians, pain management centers, clinics. Instead, you indicated that if he did that, it would put a bug in the ear of the marketing team, and they're responsible for doling out product, to keep additional inventory for you. So you're suggesting that if he markets this way, there -- there would be more inventory potentially available to him. Isn't that right?

Q. Isn't that what your e-mail actually said?

Q. So let's be clear here, Mr. Borelli, your distributor client indicated to you an interest in marketing to pain clinics and dispensing physicians, right?

Q. Right.

Q. And you made a suggestion to him on how he could approach that with your marketing team, right?

Q. Okay. It wasn't news to you because Mr. Cochrane told you that he was going to be targeting pain clinics. Right?

Q. After you received the question from him about a list of pain clinics, and I'll read it again, you responded: "Perhaps you may want to position it with us at our meeting that you are putting a team in place to market directly toward dispensing physicians, pain management centers, clinics, et cetera. This would put a bug in the ear of the marketing team, who doles out product, to keep additional inventory for you." That is what you wrote, correct?

Q. Okay. Now, if we go up to the next e-mail, we get forward to August 23rd, 2010, and this is the e-mail where you forwarded to him this earlier exchange, and you write: "Wow, how times have changed. I was digging up the restaurant name that we may go to and I found this string of e-mails. Funny stuff." Do you recall why you thought that was funny stuff that your client was looking into ways to target pain clinics as downstream customers?

Q. Okay. And if you look up Mr. Cochrane's response to you, later that evening on August 23rd, 2010, was: "Wow, I got the creeps reading this. Are you sure this wasn't a Wildman, an Rx-King e-mail exchange? In hindsight, Denny and Dave's trip to DC to visit DEA was a godsend! Thankfully we never pursued this!!! Steve." Do you see that?

Q. And above that you write: "Tru dat." Right?

Q. So why do you think Mr. Cochrane got the creeps reading this?

Q. And why is that? Why -- why thank gosh he didn't? Why the creeps?

Q. You have no idea?

Q. You have no idea why he would write, "Wow, I got the creeps reading this"?

Q. All right. And what's the reference to Wildman and Rx-King, do you know?

Q. Do you know what Denny and Dave's trip to DC to visit DEA was?

Q. So, now, what you learned from this e-mail is that Mr. Cochrane is extremely glad he didn't target dispensing physicians and pain clinics, right?

Q. But you knew you had other customers who did in fact target dispensing physicians and pain clinics, right?

Q. And other customers of yours did, correct?

Q. Other Mallinckrodt wholesale distributor customers of yours.

Q. Why was it a good thing that Mr. Cochrane didn't target pain clinics and dispensing physicians?

Q. Do you have any other understanding about what that means? What do you mean "messy business"?

Q. And do you have any understanding of why he would be happy about that?

Q. And is the pain clinic and dispensing physician business a messy one?

Q. Sir, I'm talking about the downstream customers of your customers. You have one customer here telling you that he's sure glad he didn't target pain clinics and dispensing physicians, and at the other -- you have other customers who did in fact target pain clinics and dispensing physicians. And I'm asking you why do you think it was a good idea for KeySource not to target pain clinics and dispensing physicians?

Q. What is your understanding? Why do you think it's a good idea?

Q. Because it's prone to diversion? Is that your understanding?

Q. I'm showing you what's been marked Exhibit 41, which is an e-mail string. The first page from you to Dave Hoffman, with a cc to Steve Cochrane, dated September 29th, 2010. And if you go back to the beginning of the string in the e-mail from Dave Hoffman to you on September 3rd, 2010, the subject is "Chargeback quantity of oxycodone 30," Hoffman writes to you: "Vic, I have an account in Florida that is increasing their use of Mallinckrodt oxycodone 30 mg at a rapid pace. In February of this year, they provided me with a report on oxy 30 mg for 39,950 tablets. The same report for the month of July is 119,587 tablets. Can you tell me if this is the correct amount of oxy 30 mg showing up on the chargebacks for him? The name of the store is PharmCo with an address in Florida." Do you see that?

Q. And you take that information for chargeback information from your client, you send that to Kate Muhlenkamp, and you ask her: "Can you pull up the DEA number FP0784872 to see if they pull our oxy 30 mg from anyone else than KMI?" That's KeySource, right?

Q. "And what has their usage been for the past 12 months?"

Q. So you go into -- you ask Kate to go into the chargeback system and provide you information to respond to a client inquiry; is that right?

Q. And then you forward that back to Mr. Hoffman on September 29th, 2010, and you write: "Dave, sorry about the long delay on this. I think this is what you wanted to review, this information. Let's talk. P.S.," and you write, "Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." What's the P.S. about?

Q. And why would you want him to keep quiet about information you're providing to him from Mallinckrodt's chargeback system?

Q. I'm showing you what's been marked Exhibit 42, which is an e-mail dated January 10th, 2011, from you to Steve Cochrane. The subject line is "Re: KMI business review." And if you look at the bottom of the first page, there's an e-mail from you January 7, 2011, to Michael Gunning, with a cc to Jane Williams. Who is Michael Gunning?

Q. For Mallinckrodt?

Q. And you write Mike this message on January 7th, 2000 -- sorry -- January 7th, 2011, and you state: "Please find the business review I'm going to present to KMI next week. The sales data is year over year," parentheses, "CY2009 versus CY2010," close parentheses. "I know that we talk about their skyrocketing oxycodone sales, and, yes, while their volume has grown well over year over year in the oxycodone family, i.e., 424 percent, their year over year sales on all their families, excluding oxycodone, is up plus 216 percent. "In addition to our growing our same item sales on every single family year over year, we are also able to add our only missing family, naltrexone, to our portfolio as well as gain distribution on our fentanyl lozenge during the introductory rollout time frame." Do you see that? So you're noting --

Q. -- skyrocketing -- you described them as skyrocketing oxycodone sales; is that right? Those are the words that you use?

Q. Right. You see where you wrote that "KeySource's oxycodone sales are skyrocketing"?

Q. Okay. And then at the bottom of your e-mail, you note: "If there was ever a true partner of ours in the industry, it's KeySource Medical." Why do you say that?

Q. And -- and among the products they bought from you was skyrocketing purchases of oxycodone, right?

Q. Okay. You don't describe the other products that they're purchasing from you as skyrocketing, right?

Q. But you didn't do that, right?

Q. You just wrote "skyrocketing" about oxycodone?

Q. They were a great customer.

Q. What information did they share about competitors?

Q. Did Mr. Cochrane share information with you about other opioid manufacturers?

Q. Which ones?

Q. And how did Mallinckrodt use that information?

Q. So among the other information about Mallinckrodt's competitors that you were getting from Mr. Cochrane was pricing information about competitor products?

Q. If we move up the string, you forward your message to Mike Gunning to Mr. Cochrane. So, again, this is another example of you forwarding an internal Mallinckrodt e-mail to your customer, Mr. Cochrane, right?

Q. And what you write to Mr. Cochrane on January 7th, 2011, is: "Who loves ya baby? Trying to give you some good press with the big man. These are the numbers we'll be talking to so look / act surprised. Thanks again for everything and I hope you have a great weekend." Who's the big man that you're referring to in this e-mail?

Q. Okay. So you're sharing with your customer the sales report summary that you gave to your -- your boss.

Q. And when you tell him to look, act surprised, is that because you probably shouldn't be sending this information to him?

Q. Well, why would he need to look or act surprised?

Q. Okay. A little tip on the report that he was going to get later?

Q. Okay. Did anyone at Mallinckrodt ever complain to you about your forwarding Mallinckrodt e-mails to Mr. Cochrane?

Q. Move up the chain, January 9th, 2011, 7:30 p.m., Mr. Cochrane e-mails you in response to your "Who loves you, baby" e-mail: "Thanks, bro. Couldn't have done it without you. On my flight to Cincy right now. Land in about 30 minutes. Internet, First Class, unlimited beverages. Only thing missing is being able to stare at Jane's rack the entire flight. Guess you got me beat." Do you see that?

Q. And what does he mean by he couldn't have done it with you?

Q. So you and Mr. Cochrane worked well together, and based upon the tenor and content of these e-mails, it looks like he was very appreciative of what you did for him.

Q. Okay. And the particular part of his business that you noted was skyrocketing here again was the oxycodone part.

Q. Do you have any idea how much money KeySource Medical made selling Mallinckrodt's oxycodone?

Q. Do you have any idea how much money Mallinckrodt made selling oxycodone to KeySource?

Q. Now, who's the Jane that you're discussing in your e-mail to Mr. Cochrane?

Q. And what was her position?

Q. Was she your boss?

Q. I'm handing you what's been marked Exhibit 43. It's Bates No. MNK-T1 0000559925. It's an e-mail from you, strangely enough, to yourself. Subject line "Oxycodone 30 milligram," Masters Mallinckrodt." Is that what's in front of you, sir?

Q. And if you look down, it's another e-mail from Mr. Cochrane to you dated January 25, 2011. Subject "Oxycodone 30 milligram," Masters Mallinckrodt." And he writes: "VB, call me about this one when you have a minute -- when you have a minute. Ssshhhhhhhh, keep it on the down low. Thank you, Steve." And attached to that e-mail is -- it looks like a purchase order. Can you explain why this was sent to you and why he wants you to keep it on the down low?

Q. What is this?

Q. Okay. Does this appear to be the receipt of an online order of oxycodone manufactured by Mallinckrodt?

Q. And is it your understanding that MastersRx.com was able to sell Mallinckrodt oxy 30 online?

Q. Okay. And you don't know why Mr. Cochrane would be asking you to keep this information on the down low.

Q. You've been handed Exhibit 44, which is an article from WCPO Cincinnati, and it's called "Analysis: Meet the opioid wholesalers who became middlemen for the heroin epidemic." Do you see that?

Q. And do you know if you've -- have you seen this article before?

Q. Okay. Well, let's --

Q. Let's turn to the -- go in to the seventh page. There's some information -- this is an article about wholesalers, which Mallinckrodt's customers were wholesalers, and there's a discussion of -- in this article, a couple of the Ohio-based wholesalers that were Mallinckrodt customers and your customer, one is Masters and the other is KeySource, and I want to ask you some questions about the information in here to see if --

Q. -- it's consistent with your understanding from when they were your customer.

Q. You just have to flip in seven pages or you flip in one, two, three, and it will be the fourth page. There you go.

Q. So if you see there's a heading in the middle of the page, "Still selling even as DEA investigates." And if you go down three paragraphs, it states: "KeySource Medical is a relatively" -- I'm sorry, "relatively small independent drug supplier operating out of just one facility in Blue Ash." Were you aware of that when KeySource was your customer?

Q. Correct.

Q. Okay. Ohio, nonetheless?

Q. And you knew they were a small independent drug supplier, correct?

Q. And moving to the next paragraph, it says: "KeySource specialized in generic hydrocodone and oxycodone, which the DEA calls the most widely abused pills in the country. Although it is a relatively small supplier, KeySource became one of the top wholesalers of pain pills to Florida pharmacies, the DEA said." Is that something that you were aware of during the time that you worked for Mallinckrodt?

Q. But do you know this -- these facts, based on KeySource being a customer that you worked very closely with and a customer that indicated that it couldn't have done it without you?

Q. Sir, I'm asking you about the language in this article. Were you aware that KeySource specialized in generic hydrocodone and oxycodone when KeySource was your customer?

Q. And were you aware that KeySource became one of the top wholesalers of pain pills to Florida pharmacies at the time that KeySource was your customer?

Q. And if you move down, the article states: "In a two-year period, KeySource sold more than 59 million doses of oxycodone to customers in 40 states, the DEA said. The vast majority of that, 78 percent was sold to pharmacies in Florida, which was known as a haven for pill mills, the DEA said." At the time KeySource was your customer, were you aware that KeySource sold more than 59 million doses of oxycodone to customers in 40 states?

Q. Okay. And were you aware that 78 percent of the oxycodone that KeySource purchased was sold to pharmacies in Florida?

Q. And were you -- was Mallinckrodt KeySource's sole supplier of oxycodone?

Q. Okay. Who do you think the other suppliers were?

Q. Moving in the article, it says: "Some of those pills made their way back to Ohio and Kentucky via what DEA officials call the Florida pipeline or the OxyContin Express. Drugs traffickers would hire people to drive to pill mills in Florida every two weeks or so, buy oxycodone for $40 a bottle, drive it back to Ohio or Kentucky, and sell it on the black market for $1500 a bottle, according to a DEA narrative." Is that something that you were aware of from the articles and other information that we went through earlier at the time that KeySource was your customer?

Q. Is that something you ever investigated or looked into when KeySource was your customer?

Q. Looked into Mallinckrodt pills sold by your customer to Florida pharmacies leaving Florida and traveling to other states such as Ohio and Kentucky.

Q. No, sir. You absolutely can know where your wholesale distributor customers ship their product, right? We went through reams of materials showing that that information is in the chargeback system. Right?

Q. I'm asking you as you investigated this. So did you look into, for example, in any detail where your customers shipped their product?

Q. And so did you look into whether product that your customers shipped to Florida was being diverted and driven to other states?

Q. So you had access to information showing that clients were sending most of their pills to Florida, right?

Q. Okay. But access if you wanted it.

Q. Okay. Sir, did you have any access at all?

Q. Okay. And from all of the articles we looked at, it's your recollection as you sit here today that you were not aware that pills were migrating out of Florida from pain clinics and dispensing physicians? Is that new information to you?

Q. And, Mr. Borelli, I'm not asking you about any specific patient. I'm asking you whether you were aware -- you were aware of the phenomenon of people coming from out of state into Florida and leaving the state with oxycodone distributed by Florida pain clinics. Was that a phenomenon you were aware of when you worked at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Moving further in this article, it notes: "In 2011, the DEA raided KeySource Blue Ash office and ceased sales records, e-mails and letters. It suspended the company's license to sell narcotics," quote, "to stop KMA KMI from adding any more fuel to the flame of what is an imminent and serious public health problem," period, end quote. "KeySource was," quote, "sending tens of millions of pills of oxycodone into Florida, the national epicenter of the pill problem, a DEA investigator said in court documents." Now, do you recall when the DEA shut down KeySource?

Q. Did you read any information at the time -- were you curious to know why that happened?

Q. Why the DEA shut down KeySource.

Q. And what steps did you take when you learned that to figure out what happened to all of the oxycodone that you sold KeySource that was shipped to Florida?

Q. Mr. Borelli, do you know what a pill mill is?

Q. And do you have any understanding of how pill mills contributed to the opioid epidemic?

Q. You didn't receive any training when you were at Mallinckrodt on what a pill mill was?

Q. On what -- what it does. How to identify one.

Q. I'm showing you what's been marked Exhibit 45, which is an e-mail string. MNK-T1 0000565624. And the top of the string is an e-mail from John Adams to you dated 11/13/2008. Is that what's in front of you, sir?

Q. And if you go to the second page of that exhibit, there's an e-mail from you to Kate Muhlenkamp and Rebecca Coyner with the subject "Oxy 15 mg and oxy 30 mg." Do you see that?

Q. -- "and are bone dry on all products listed on both POs. We have displaced all competitors at this account, and they are relying on our supply to cover their demand. If we don't ship, they can't sell anything." Do you see that?

Q. So as of this date, November 12th, 2008, you were Sunrise's sole supplier of oxy 15 and 30?

Q. So when we look at statistics for the percentage of oxy sold by Sunrise in Florida during this time frame, all of that oxy would have been oxy manufactured by Mallinckrodt and provided to Sunrise, correct?

Q. And if you are the sole supplier of oxy to your customer, you know what your customer does with all of the oxy that it ships, correct?

Q. No, sir, I asked you if you are the sole supplier of oxy to your customer, do you know what your customer does with all of the oxy that it ships. And by "you," I mean Mallinckrodt has the information. If Mallinckrodt is the sole supplier of oxy to Sunrise, then Mallinckrodt can look in its chargeback system and see what Sunrise does with that oxy, and therefore know what Sunrise does with any oxy that it sells, correct?

Q. And Mallinckrodt has that information in its chargeback system, correct?

Q. Now you're looking at what's been marked Exhibit 46. This is an e-mail from you to John Adams dated 11/14/2008. And the subject line is "Re: Oxy 15 mg and 30 mg at Sunrise." Do you see that?

Q. And if you move down to the middle of that page, there is an e-mail from you to John Adams, November 14th, 2008, 3:19 p.m., part of the same string. And you write about Sunrise: "Got it. It may not be a large jump, but it will be steady. I met the new salesman, and he was the number one salesman for Anda. Fast talker. Has systems in place and knows how to do his job. I'll tell you

Q. And so you knew about Sunrise as of November 14th, 2008, that Sunrise was bringing on new pain management clinics and more dispensing physicians, right?

Q. And if you turn the page, at the bottom of the page there is an e-mail from you to Kate Muhlenkamp, with a cc to John Adams, and you are explaining your customer Sunrise and you note: "Just a quick FYI regarding Sunrise. As you know, they have been growing in sales each and every month, and when I was visiting them this week, they introduced me to their new sales manager. He's -- he was Anda's number one salesman and brings a wealth of knowledge and systems to Sunrise. This salesman is extremely tied into the Florida market and has been the cause of most of the growth, new customers, contacts, et cetera." Do you see that?

Q. And this is the sales -- same salesman that you're referring to in the prior e-mail that I read, right?

Q. And this is the salesman that is bringing on new pain management clinics and more dispensing physicians for Sunrise, correct?

Q. And you mention a story, a good story about what happened during your meeting. Do you recall what that was?

Q. You are looking at what's been marked Exhibit 46 --

Q. I'm sorry, 47. And this is an e-mail string, the top of which is an e-mail from you to John Adams dated 11/14/2008. And again it's "Oxy 15 mg and 30 mg at Sunrise."

Q. The subject line. It's from you to John Adams. Do you see that?

Q. You're correct, Mr. Borelli. This is an e-mail from Sara Heideman to Kate Muhlenkamp, with

Q. And you write: "On a separate note, I need your help on something. I know we are hand to mouth on oxy 15 and 30 mg SKUs, but I am putting Sunrise Wholesale in a tough position. They used to buy their product from Masters because we don't allow a distributor to ship to a distributor. Then we opened them up directly, so they were pulling 90 percent of their business directly from us on the 15 and 30 mg, with some backup from Ethex . In the meantime, both Actavis and Ethex are out of the market, and we are hand to mouth. We are 80 percent of their total business. They specialize on pain management products at both dispensing physicians and pain clinic business, so we are truly their only avenue of resource. They are a small business and need our help." Is that -- did I read that accurately?

Q. And from this, it's clear that you know that Sunrise is specializing on pain management products at both dispensing physician and pain clinic businesses; is that correct?

Q. And you implore Mallinkrop -- Mallinckrodt to help Sunrise because it's a small business, and as you state, they need your help; is that right?

Q. Not all their eggs, sir, but their eggs for oxy 15 and 30, correct?

Q. And so when --

Q. And as you say, they're relying on you for their products, and they were specializing in pain management products at both the dispensing physician and pain management clinic business, correct? That's the information contained in this e-mail. And I take it that Mallinckrodt -- Mallinckrodt did try and help Sunrise by shipping all the product that it had available to ship to them.

Q. Well, it was your customer, sir. Did you stop shipping oxy 15 and 30 to -- to Sunrise?

Q. In 2009?

Q. Okay. And what I'm asking about, sir, is your knowledge of who their downstream customers were, and according to this e-mail, you knew quite well that their downstream customers were -- their specialization was on pain management products at both dispensing physicians and pain clinics. And you were clear about that, right?

Q. Though, of course, Mallinckrodt had access to that information, right?

Q. I'm showing you what's been marked Exhibit 48. This is an e-mail string between you and Mr. Gunning dated July 9th, 2009. Subject line is "Re: Sunrise follow-up." And if you go down to the second e-mail on the page, Mr. Adams writes to you: "I wanted to follow up on the meeting with Karen Harper, Bill Ratliff and others regarding the potential issues for oxy 30. The initial tenor of the call relative to suspicion and due diligence of Sunrise Wholesale was quickly diffused by your initiative, and I want to thank you. The information was vital, and the presentation of it was fantastic, not defensive or emotional, which could be possible given the dollars at stake." If we move down to the third paragraph, he writes: "Second, you had information at your fingertips and even referenced that you had reports run two months ago to isolate what customers Sunrise was selling to and the volumes." So, sir, as of this date, July 9th, 2009, you had in fact looked into the customers that Sunrise was selling to; is that right?

Q. And you knew, and your colleagues at Mallinckrodt knew, that Sunrise was selling to pain management -- selling pain management products at both dispensing physicians and pain clinics, correct?

Q. Well, sir, the information that you had at your fingertips, which you're being praised for having, was information about the customers Sunrise was selling to and the volumes; is that correct?

Q. Mr. Borelli, you've been handed Exhibit 49, which is an e-mail string. The front of that is an e-mail from Kate Muhlenkamp to Michael Gunning. It's dated 6/3/2008. Subject: "Forwarding oxy monthly usage." Do you see that?

Q. And in this e-mail string, there's a discussion that starts with the last e-mail in the string, which is from you to Kate Muhlenkamp, the subject is "Oxy monthly usage." Do you see that?

Q. Mr. Borelli, if you go to the second to last page, you'll see an e-mail from you to Kate Muhlenkamp, subject: "Oxy monthly usage," and you write: "Kate, per your request, here are my larger customers' monthly volumes by item," and you list Masters, KeySource, Sunrise and NCM; is that right?

Q. And for each of them, and this is as of June 2nd, 2008, you list the amount of oxy 15 and 30 that your customers are buying; is that right?

Q. And who is NCM?

Q. So your customers, Masters, KeySource, Sunrise, NCM, to your knowledge, which one of those -- which of those customers had their DEA registrations suspended during the time that you worked for Mallinckrodt?

Q. So you're not sure, sir, or you don't recall which of your customers had their DEA licenses suspended while you worked for Mallinckrodt?

Q. Right. There's other customers as well and they're not on this list. If you could turn to the next page -- the prior page there's an e-mail from Kate Muhlenkamp to you dated June 2nd, 2008. MNK-T1 0000562702. And she writes to you: "Vic, these usages account for 10 percent of the 15 and 30 mg market, and in the case of the 30 mg, are significantly higher than those of Cardinal, who we have on source. These look very high and are concerning to me. We need to talk as I don't know that I feel comfortable shipping them at such high levels. Do we know where the product is going? We need to discuss." Do you see that, sir?

Q. And you responded to Ms. Muhlenkamp's e-mail on June 2nd, 2000, and you write: "Kate, the only places that they, Masters, can ship the product to are authorized customers that we approve from the chargebacks group." Is that right?

Q. So what you're telling Ms. Muhlenkamp is that Mallinckrodt knows precisely who its downstream customers are, because they are approved from the chargeback group, right?

Q. And in fact, am I correct to read into this that you're a little defensive about this and perhaps offended that there's a suggestion that you don't know where your customer is shipping its product?

Q. Okay. But, nonetheless, when she asks you do you -- do we know where the product is going, you respond yes.

Q. Okay. Well, I'm interpreting, but why don't we just go with the language again that is here. You responded: "The only places that they, Masters, can ship the product to are authorized customers that we approve from the chargebacks group." That was your answer to her question, right?

Q. Let me make it shorter, sir. What I just read was what you wrote at the beginning of your e-mail, correct?

Q. Okay. And you're explaining to her why -- your understanding of why Masters' business was growing so much that she would write to you that the numbers look very high and they're concerning to her, and you're providing her with an explanation.

Q. Mr. Borelli, you've been handed what's marked Exhibit 50. MNK-T1 0000565518. This is an e-mail from you to Kate Muhlenkamp, with a cc to John Adams. The subject is "Masters oxy 30." Do you see that, sir?

Q. And you write in this e-mail: "Kate, Masters just received their weekly 8,000 bottle order this morning, and they have sold through it already." Parentheses, "I know, incredible. This has been happening week in/week out, and basically they've been out of stock 80 percent of the week due to the explosion on this item. They want to know if they can move away from their 8,000 bottle

Q. And so you're noting for Kate that they are -- you described their sales as incredible, right?

Q. Okay. And you use the word "incredible" to describe their sales. Right?

Q. Let me -- let me ask you again, sir, based on what you actually wrote. You said: "Masters just received their weekly 8,000 bottle order this morning, and they have sold through it already. I know, incredible." The "incredible" that you wrote there refers to the fact that they already sold their 8,000 bottle order; isn't that right?

Q. And when you say "the explosion on this item," the item we're talking about is oxy 30; is that right?

Q. Now, down the e-mail farther, you give an explanation as to why you believe the exploding volume of sales are sustainable. Do you see that?

Q. And if you look at your list that you wrote and you go down to the fourth item, could you please read that item.

Q. Mr. Borelli, you previously testified that no one in this room cares more about where Mallinckrodt's products is going than you.

Q. So the record is clear, please tell the jury what you did as the director of national accounts for Mallinckrodt to ensure that Mallinckrodt's products were not being diverted.

Q. And, sir, let me add to that, I'm not asking you for what you think others on your team did or what the DEA did. I want the jury to hear what you did to prevent diversion.

Q. I'm sorry, sir. I should have made this clearer. I'm not asking you about that document, so we can put that --

Q. -- put that document aside. It'll probably make it easier to answer my question. Would you like me to read the question again?

Q. So the record is clear, please tell the jury what you did as the director of national accounts for Mallinckrodt to ensure that Mallinckrodt's products were not being diverted.

Q. And -- and how often would you visit your distributor customers?

Q. And when you visited them, did you collect information about their downstream customers?

Q. And how would you do that?

Q. And so you visited Sunrise a number of times?

Q. And KeySource a number of times?

Q. And Masters a number of times?

Q. And did you at any point recommend that KeySource, Masters or Sunrise be suspended as customers of Mallinckrodt?

Q. And, sir, did you --

Q. And did you ever recommend that KeySource be cut off as a customer?

Q. And did you ever recommend that Masters be cut off as a customer?

Q. Do you -- did you ever recommend that Sunrise be cut off as a customer?

Q. So you have no memory of recommending that any of your main customers that bought oxy 30 from you be cut off as customers?

Q. And you didn't recommend that any of those accounts be cut off as customers of Mallinckrodt, did you?

Q. That's not something that you would remember?

Q. And if you did, is that something that would be reflected in e-mail and other records?

Q. And so if it's not there, it likely didn't happen?

Q. But sitting here today, having been through all of the records that we put in front of you, you can't recall ever recommending that a customer be suspended by Mallinckrodt; isn't that true?

Q. But of the customers --

Q. Of the customers that were -- that purchased the most oxy from Mallinckrodt that were your customers, did you ever recommend that any of them be suspended as Mallinckrodt customers?

Q. Did you ever recommend that Mallinckrodt stop selling oxy to any of your customers that purchased the most oxy of your customers?

Q. We talked about your involvement in the shipment of 360 bottles -- 36 bottles a month of oxy 15 to Dane Drug for Heather Goodman's Aunt Sandra. Do you recall that conversation?

Q. And did anyone at Mallinckrodt ever criticize you or discipline you in any -- in any way in connection with that order?

Q. So as far as you know, Mallinckrodt had no problem with the 36 bottles a month being allocated for Aunt Sandra at Dane Drug?

Q. And if those pills were made available at Dane Drug, if those pills were shipped by KeySource to Dane Drug, that would be reflected in the chargeback system, correct?

Q. Mr. Borelli, you testified, and I'll read your statement in answer to a question: "Again, I don't know where the customer that I sell to ships, but when I visit with accounts, you can -- you try to get a feeling for or see who they're marketing to." And what information were you -- or would you collect about who they were marketing to?

Q. So are there -- what information about their downstream customers do you believe would be relevant to learn in those meetings?

Q. And why does that matter?

Q. Why does it matter who they ship to?

Q. Is that the only information about those customers that matters to you during these site visits when you're trying to learn about their downstream customers?

Q. Other than whether --

Q. Other than when the -- whether the downstream customer had a DEA registration, was there any other information about the downstream customers that you attempted to learn when you would visit with your distributor clients? Specifically I'm asking, specifically do you recall any other information that you would attempt to learn about downstream customers other than whether they had a DEA registration?

Q. I understand there's lots of other things you were learning, and I asked you if you could identify anything specific other than DEA registration, and you did not identify anything else specific. So is there anything else specific about the downstream customers that you would attempt to learn when you would visit with your distributor customers?

Q. Sir, can you answer the question whether -- whether there was any other specific information that you would attempt to collect?

Q. Let's try and make this short and clear. Other than DEA registration, was there anything else specific about a downstream customer of a distributor client that you would attempt to learn when you visited with your distributor clients?

Q. Was there anything else that you would --

Q. I understand why you would go visit.

Q. So sometimes it came up, sometimes it didn't.

Q. And you have not described any specific information other than a DEA registration that you would learn, and is that because there is no other information other than DEA registration that you were seeking to learn about the downstream customers?

Q. Mr. Borelli, what's your understanding of the risks of oxy?

Q. And do you know if oxy is addictive?

Q. And your understanding is based on training you received at Mallinckrodt?

Q. Did you receive any training at Mallinckrodt on the risks of oxycodone?

Q. Mr. Borelli, did anyone at Mallinckrodt sell more oxycodone than you during the time period that you worked there?
